 I bought this game for my 6 and 5 yr . olds . They love it . It is one of those kids games that draw the adults in too . I found myself enjoying it also . The graphics are great . The game really makes you think . Example
 Both my 3 year and 6 year old grandsonsjust love this software ! It challenges themvisually and of course mentally . Well designed , great images , continually enjoyable . It 's great !!!
 My 5 year old son , Cameron loves this game . He received it for Christmas and has played with it almost daily , since . I love that it allows him to have fun independently while building his math and reading skills . It is a real confidence booster to him when he finds all the map pieces and gets to seach for the treasure . We 'll be buying more of these for his birthday .
 This was a great product - it is fun and educational and the graphics are great . It was such a fun product - that I purchased it first as a download but I went ahead and purchased the actual product so that I could have a CD of it forever . Buy it - you and your children will enjoy trying to find the items .
 This is honestly one of the best computer games I have ever played . And I have played a lot , let me tell you.I played this over and over and over again when I was a kid . I never got tired of it . The setting , the story , and the hunting just entralled me for hours and never got old . I 'm in high school now and planning to use this as inspiration for a theme on my art project.I highly recommend this to anyone who is reading !
 We own all the I Spy computer games . Both my 4-y-o son and 6-y-o daughter love to play them . They definitely learn a lot and are really using their thinking skills . Recommend them all !
 My son is 5 and thoroughly enjoyed this game . The only problem was the reading of the clues was not consistent . It would drop the last half of the sentence , therefore I had to help him read every clue . He also plays I Spy Spooky Mansion and I Spy Fantasy and we had no sound problems on those games.He loves finding the clues and then using the clues to find the treasure . He plays for hours !
 I played this game with my 7 and 3 year olds , and enjoyed it as much as they did . Younger children enjoy looking for the hidden items , older children navigating through the various scenes . Some of the scenes were wider than my screen , and I did not know how to reduce them , which made finding some objects difficult . I plan to buy several more of these to give as birthday gifts .
 Love the game , my 5-year old can play by herself , she can read the items to find or have them read to her when she has difficulty.One drawback , had to get out an old Mac , this game will not work on OS X native , it requires OS 9 , will not play well unless the computer boots in OS 9 .
 I 've purchased a few I SPY games for my son . These are great games for ALL ages . I even enjoy playing them . Uses memory skills and are fun to play together .
 I received this I Spy game in a timely manner and it is in great shape . Thank you so much for the fast service !!
 This is a favorite at home . We have I-Spy Mystery as well , however my son prefers this one . If you 're trying to decide on which I-Spy to buy , I would recommend this one first .
 My husband bought this for my daughter after he had gone on a trip . I was very skeptical at first , but my 6 year old daugher absolutely loves this game . She will spend hours in front of the computer looking for anchors and treasures . In this game , the player gets to put together a treasure map each time they complete a riddle . My daugher is so excited to see what the treasure map says . This is definately worth your time and money .
 This game is a lot of fun and has many levels to keep everyone playing . It gets to your eyes after a while though , so you wo n't have to worry about the kids spending the whole day on the computer !
 I hesitated buying this because I had read several reviews concerning the sound problem . There was a sound fix inluded in the copy I purchased and since we installed it the game has been used each week for several months . This game is one of the few things my 7 and 16 year old will sit and do together . I even get caught up in the process and soon we have a crowd gathered around the computer screen trying to find the 5th boat ! This is simply a fun and exciting game for all ages .
 I first downloaded I Spy Game for my grandson , and we just loved it but then the time ran out and he was very sad , so I went looking for one that I could buy and play any time that we wanted and we found this one and it is great , you can spend time together learning and finding wonderful things in so many different rooms . The time goes by so fast because you are having a wonderful time playing this game . I highly recommend this for all ages .
 We have 4 of the I Spy titles and this is the best !! I get bored playing the others with my kids but I never tire of the nautical theme and the happy music ! If you are only going to get one this is it !!
 My kids -LRB- 6 and 9 years old -RRB- and I spent hours playing this game . We took turns deciding where to go , and we all helped find the hidden images .
 This game is really fun for the whole family . Even my parents enjoyed playing this game , even if it says ages 6-10 on the cover.It is just like the I spy books , except after you have solved all the riddles you get to find the hidden tresure . There is only one bad thing about this game . You can only play it once or twice because after a while you know where all the objects are . It is still worth it . Parents , if you get this for your child , I suggest you try it too . It is really fun !
 I am 7 years old . This game is great ! I stay awake almost all night just playing it . You should get it if you want I Spy .
 The game starts out like a classic I-spy book where the player navigates to different buildings in a town -LRB- rather than turning pages in the book -RRB- , and in each building is a puzzle . The clues are given with a little rhyme that is read aloud and printed at the bottom of the screen with several things to be found in the picture . Some of the things are obvious and really easy to find , and others are a little trickier . For example , looking for three birds , one could be sitting right on top of the boat , another carved in the wood , and the third made out of clouds . Having different levels in the same game is great for families with children of different ages or parents playing along with the kids . The game play is a little repetitive , but the scenes are fairly different . For example , one is a candy store , another involves looking through a telescope at the whole town , and a third requires the player to use a magnifying glass to examine items more closely.After each small puzzle is solved the player gets a piece of a map . When the map is completed , there is a final puzzle to complete using clues from the map that leads to the treasure . There are three different maps to complete that lead to different treasures . The puzzles are the same , but they have different clues so you are looking for different things in the puzzle . The sound on my game would always cut out one word before finishing a sentence which got really annoying , but other than that the game ran smoothly on Windows XP .
 My 6 year old son got this for his birthday and it is the only computer game that he keeps coming back to . Its challenging , but not so much that kids give up . There are a list of items to spy ... I like that you can read the list or , if you are an early reader , listen to the `` speaker '' tell you what to look for . It gives kids a little more independence . Nothing bad to say about this game . We really enjoyed it .
 My 5 and 6-year olds did n't seem to want to play , maybe too hard . I enjoyed playing and my 11-year old twins really liked it .
 With 20 grandkids and 3 great grandkids , I have spent many hours with them playing games on the comptuer . Almost all of them like all types of games , but the I Spy Series is one of the most played series that I have . The I SPY TREASURE HUNT notes ages 6 to 10 and they must have done a lot of testing to be able to devlop a game that is actually challenging and interesting for adults , and yet can actually be played by young kids as well . The I Spy series has always had very hight quality games , and this is at the top of the list for me . I will warn you though , that if you play with your kids , be prepaired to surprised . My usual play is for me to help the kids search , and not find items and tell them , but if they get stuck , point out an area to look at . With this one , I have a seven year old that was finishing finding the last 4 or five items before I could find even one of them . Great play for everyone . Super recommended .
 This is my hands-down favorite of the I-Spy CD-Roms . The town is idyllic , the pages are beautiful , you can hear the gulls and the water ... its a particularly fun escape .
 Great ! Nice scenery , some tough items to find . All in all , my granddaughter -LRB- age 5 1/2 -RRB- and I have had a lot of fun playing this game !
 We too had a sound problem . It took all of thirty seconds to find a solution
 My pre-schooler son asked for this game . He loves it , and so do we . It lets us spend a lot of quality family time together searching for small hidden items . It also gives us an opportunity to teach him new words.Only problem was that its sound quality . Sometimes last portions of a sentence are lost .
 Good visual design , witty writing , well chosen music -- a good exercise for the imagination !
 As you likely know , the software challenges the child to find objects hidden in a picture . After all objects have been found , you 're rewarded with a piece of map . Once the map is complete , you 're to solve another puzzle based on clues from the places you 've seen.My son has learned about new objects -LRB- hair pins and anchors -RRB- and new terms -LRB- a clock 's ` face ' -RRB- . He 's also challenged to think from a multitude of perspectives ; e.g. , when searching for a 4 , the solution could be the actual number or a side of a domino or die . A plus for this program is that when the entire puzzle is completed , it can be started anew with new puzzle clues and a new map . As with any program of this sort , a child can simply click around a scene to discover clues , but I believe the intent of this program -LRB- visual and mental sharpness -RRB- is achieved with proper supervision .
 My 4 year old son already had several of the I Spy Books and this game is perfect for him even though the box says ages 6-10 . It will provide hours and hours of fun ! Great for all ages ... My husband and I also enjoyed the games !
 This is a fun computer game and very similar to the I Spy books . We have I Spy Haunted Mansion CD as well and I think this one is much better . I would strongly suggest you choose this one over the the Haunted Mansion . Instead of one game as on Haunted Mansion , there are three games with this program . It is fun and I have found myself sitting up late playing it . THe graphics are neat and the sounds are clear and easy to hear . Well worth the time and money.Enjoy .
 My 8 year old grandson loves this game . The only problem is prying him away from the computer when he is playing it . He has numerous other software games -LRB- Backyard everthing -RRB- , but enjoys this the most.This game will have your child reading , reasoning through clues , and learning new words -LRB- for common things like anchor , thimble , etc. -RRB- . All that and fun too.Sometimes it takes a second pair of eyes to find an item , so you may be asked to play along . You may find your child is better than you at thinking outside the box.The game designers were very creative . The game does not wear out as quickly as some computer games , because after all of the clues are gathered and the treasure is found , there are new games with new clues , and new ways to find a new treasure in a new location . The locations for the clues repeat -LRB- Inn , Island , Fort , etc. -RRB- , but each new game is different . My grandson has played for hours on end , locating new clues , and working through the new puzzle to get to the treasure.We also have I Spy Haunted Mansion , but I recommend this one because of its variety , rich graphics , and creative puzzles.Note
 In the typical I Spy tradition , comes a game with great visuals , that encourages kids to develop their logic and attentiveness . The game consists of three separate riddles . Each of these requires the players to visist different locations and spy several objects . Once this challenge is compelted at each location , the player gets a piece of a map . After visiting all locations , the map is composed and givesd you more clues on where to find the treasure.The game is really fun . My 4 year old enjoyed finding the objects and putting the maps together with very little help . The graphics are very detailed and alaive.My only problem with this game is that it has a glitch in the sound . The voice over reading of the riddles is cut off one or two words before the end . This should not be a problem for older kids , but for a 4-5 year olds that can not read might be a problem .
 After playing I Spy Haunted Mansion at the Musuem of Science , my nephews and I purchased it at Amazon.com . It was a great game . But the Treasure Hunt is even better , and why ... 3 games . When you finish the first , you have two more to go . We love the I spy books , and even own a I spy board game . All my nieces and nephews play the PC game . Their ages are from 7-11 . All have had fun with it . I 've played too !! I love it . None of them have found it too easy . There are just enough complicated hidden treasures to make it the ... `` Auntie Lynn , can you help me find this ? '' . I would highly recommend this PC game . I ca n't wait for the next !!
 At age 38 , I had a great time with this game ... until my 12 & 6 year old children edged me out of playing ! The younger child is starting to read , but not many words . This catered to her by saying the clues aloud on command . It is excellent for strengthening imagination & thinking skills , especially thinking `` outside the box '' . The older child played for 5 straight hours going through several games consecutively . Ignore the upper age-range on this one . It 's for all ages !
 I bought this game for my 7 year old son who loves I Spy . I think that this is the best one yet . Not only does he play , but my 11 year old daughter likes to do it , too . When you sign in to the game , as you play , that name is displayed in the puzzles at different times . He loves to concentrate and search for all of the hidden secrets . What a great way to spend some down time on a rainy day !!!!!
 I thought that this game was very absorbing . It really had my child search for the clues . The graphics were amazing . This game helps children develop their observation skills . I highly recommend it . It is my 6 year old 's favorite computer game .
 We have purchased all 3 of the I Spy games that are available . By far I Spy Treasure Hunt is the best !!! It is fun and entertaining . It keeps us all busy for hours . Even though we have been through all 3 of the games many times , it never gets boring . I would recommend this game over Spooky Mansion only because Treasure Hunt has 3 different games and Spooky mansion only has one ! I feel it is worth the money . It is not just for kids . The age requirement on the game should say 6 years to 100 years !!! It is great !! Hooray !!!!
 We bought this game for our 6 and 8 year old children for Christmas this year since we all love the I Spy series of books and the kids enjoy the previous I Spy computer games . I Spy Treasure Hunt is definitly the best ! It has already provided hours of family fun as we 've searched the scenes in Smuggler 's Cove for hidden treasure . The 3 games are easy enough for our 6 year old to do basically by herself , yet entertaining enough that Mom and Dad have been on the computer treasure hunting after the kids go to bed ! I ca n't wait for the next one !
 I bought this for a boy of 12 who goes to school in German . He speaks English at home with his mother . I think that this game will help him with his English .
 This item was delivered in a timely manner and my son really enjoyed it . Thanks .
 All the I spy collections are favorites with my 6yr old girl . She has loved them since she was 4-5 , we wld play/read the I Spy books together with her . The CD 's are great because they can click on the words and it will read it out loud to them so they can play alone . This is a collection that the adults will like playing w/the kids . . it addicting . It keeps her entertained for couple hours . . which says a lot !
 This is the best of the I spy games . I am a Grandma and I loved it . It is very educational and I highly recommend I spy Treasure Hunt . Buy it for your grandchildren and try it yourself .
 A real winner ! So many times you wonder about an educational software purchase . No doubts about this one . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Highly entertaining with outstanding graphics and sound effects . This game is sure to please both children and adults . Clever , creative and challenging , `` I Spy Treasure Hunt '' will be a tough act to follow in the `` I Spy '' series .
 This is game software on the Mac as it should be done . Great visuals & sound , as well as a compelling plot for kids to follow . My son was entertained for hours at a time . Also be sure to get the `` spooky mansion '' title - it is equally well-done .
 I got this game for Christmas from my Mamaw and I really like it and my Mom And Dad help me play it and find all the things now I want I Spy 2
 Let 's face it ... most children 's software gets boring after awhile , especially for the adults who have to help . This one does not ... I bought this for my five year old daughter three months ago , and she is still playing it . What is interesting is that a week after we purchased the game , her father and I stayed up until 2am looking for items we had trouble finding while attempting to help her .
 I bought this for my 5 yr . old `` to grow into '' . Instead , she 's already very good at it , yet it is still challenging . I love that there are 20 `` I spy '' hunts to solve before getting a map to hunt for the buried treasure . -LRB- 3 total treasure hunts . -RRB- This game is very well done ! Not many games we can say work smoothly on our iMac , but this one is great . I 've been raving about this one to all my friends who have kids . It 's more captivating -LRB- for me too ! -RRB- than any other game we have ! And we have a lot ! It is the best in our library !
 I GAVE THIS TO MY NEPHEW FOR HIS 7TH BIRTHDAY AND IT WAS HIS FIRST GAME FOR THE HOME PC . IT WAS PERFECT FOR HIM TO EASILY GET AQUAINTED WITH USING A COMPUTER AND THE GAME ITSELF WAS FUN CAN BE PLAYED BY AS MANY KIDS YOU CAN GET AROUND THE COMPUTER SCREEN . IT WAS ACTUALLY A GROUP EFFORT SOMETIMES TO FIND ALL THE CLUES , HIS 4 YEAR OLD SISTER PLAYS ALONG TOO . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 This game is wonderful to sit down and play with my five year old . The game seems limited at first , but when you finish the first time through , it asks if you want to play again and re-seeds the rooms with different things to find . Well worth the $ 8 as we spent about 8 hours the first time through.Note
 My grandchildren enjoy the I Spy collection of cd-rom 's . They are very well done in all aspects . I recommend them to any parent or grandparents interested in development of skills for the children . Besides to play together with them is fun .
 My husband and I bought this for my step-daughter , and both played it through before we ever gave it to her ! It is great fun -- just like the books , and we 're all three addicted to those too!Part of the fun is the animations -- it is obvious that they 've put a lot of work into this game . We ca n't wait to get the others !
 This is a great game to play together.We have four kids under the age of ten , and we have the best time playing it.I do have to admit that once they 're all in bed , I sometimes go and try to find that one thing I could n't find before.I wish they make more I Spy games.I can only find two .
 I bought this game for my grandaughter . I popped it in the PC when it came to see what it was all about . I loved it and I could certainly see why she did . It 's a challenge and keeps you on your toes but is a lot of fun .
 I had learned how to type rather well a few years back , but did n't use my skills enough to keep them up to par . So I bought Typing Instructor because , first , it was a good price , and , second , I had heard it had gotten some good reviews . It was very easy to install and use right away . I really like it because you can set your own goals , so no matter if you are a beginner or just a little rusty -LRB- like me -RRB- , you can easily adapt your program accordingly . There are a lot of different games and exercises , plus a program to properly use the numeric keypad . I would give this program 5 stars and recommend it to anyone in need of a little typing assistance .
 I would of rated this 5 stars . I only rated it 4 stars because on the 10 key by touch test , it will not measure you in key strokes per hour -LRB- KPH -RRB- it only tells you in words per minute -LRB- wpm -RRB- . Many interesting games to keep you motivated ! Plus you can download free updates when you register online . The box I received had a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- rebate included good til 30 days following purchase . Ease of use software , manual included !
 Typing Quick & Easy is exactly that . The lessons are clear and simple , and you can repeat them as often as you want . It automatically suggests more difficult exercises to match your skill level as you advance . I have Windows ME and it runs without a hitch . It took about an hour to download but easier than waiting for the mail .
 I purchased this program for my 13 year old son . It was quick and easy to install . The program can help the beginning typist as well as someone like myself , who is an advanced touch typist . Our whole family has started using this program to improve their typing skills . I highly recommend it . Learning to type requires a lot of practice . This program is easy to navigate , easy to use , and comes with different lessons , games , and tests to challenge all skill levels .
 We have this program at the school I go to . I like it very much and purchased it for my home use to stay fresh with my typing and 10 key skills . I finished my Medical Office Skills Class recently with certificates for a Typing Speed of 75 WPM and 10-key at 196 KSPM . I typed before when I was in High School in the 90 's so this was just a refresher course but I never did or knew what 10-key was and with this software I love it . Having this software at home and using it when I do n't type on an everyday basis will keep me from getting RUSTY -LRB- smile -RRB- . And improve my WPM , and KSPM numbers higher for a more professional and personal achievement.Thanks for making this software for typing and 10-key so easy and understandable . Not frustrating and complicated like a lot of other software .
 This product greatly increased my ability to use my desktop computer and I would recomend this to any big computer user
 This program was wonderful and it helped me immensly with my work at school.It is easy to use and I enjoyed using it . Ive never seen a piece of software that has brought so much happiness into my life !!!
 I have purchased this software at four different companies I have worked for in the past . Everywhere I have purchased it , I have had people love it and get other copies . It is a super parser . I used it with an oracle financial application and would have expected to pay 20 times this if it were sold by them as a module.You will never re-key information again .
 This software is so easy to use and so helpful if you need to pull data from legacy systems !
 I 've been using Monarch since version 3.0 . It just keeps getting better and I keep getting better at it . It 's relatively simple to use whether it be handling a small amount of data or thousands of pages -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating -RRB- of data . It has definitely helped simplify my life .
 This application is a total lifesaver if you need to extract data from `` greenbar '' reports to spreadsheets or databases if you want to avoid programmer intervention , or do n't want to spend hours tediously re-keying data.It 's easy to use , has powerful string and calculation functions available to further filter the extracted data , and makes your life a WHOLE lot easier!I used this to extract mainframe generated data and import it into Excel in a previous job , turning what used to be a two DAY project into a five MINUTE project!If you work in a mainframe , or report-centric shop , buy Monarch and watch your productivity SOAR ! My management thought I was the best thing ever , since they did n't know about this product and my productivity was so much higher than my predecessor!Monarch ROCKS !!! It 's an analyst 's secret weapon !!!
 I am very happy with this product . It is running on an XP Home operating system and all is well . It is important to completely remove any existing antivirus product before installing this one . When I sent e-mail to tech support they responded within 24 hours .
 I have used Panda Titanium for the past two years at our small office with 11 PC 's . You really can install it and forget about it . Works great and runs invisibly without slowing down your PC . I 've used Norton , McAfee , PC-cillin and others in the past and Panda beats all of them by miles .
 I have been using Panda for the past 4 years with none of the incidents described inthe bad reviews . Quite the contrary , Norton and McAfee are so bloated that they will slow down or cause confilcts more often . I use this software on my desktop , a 3GHz XP Pro system running DSL thru a Linksys firewall/router , running ZoneAlarm -LRB- free edition -RRB- as a software firewall . I also use this on my 2 show laptops -LRB- I do computer work for meetings and conferences -RRB- both Gateways running XP Pro , and my wife 's laptop running Windows Me -LRB- soon to be upgraded -RRB- all without incident . I have NEVER caught a virus or trojan or worm since running Panda . Also , as I need to shut off all TSR programs -LRB- terminate and stay resident -RRB- and other unnecessary background software while running a show to make the computer more efficient , Panda is easily shut off , whereas McAfee will turn itself back on randomly after you turn it off , and Norton 's bloatware -LRB- look in the system startup and see just how many programs it loads . Astonishing ! -RRB- is near impossible to turn off.I 've never needed tech support from Panda , so I ca n't speak on that aspect . I do freelance tech support building , configuring and repairing PCs and have found that most problems stem from downloading ` free ' -LRB- beware of anything ` free ' -RRB- software that installs spyware and adware -LRB- I use both Spybot and Adaware -RRB- , and having lots of TSRs , especially unnecessary ones , like Quicktime and Real Player , and not keeping the system clean and updated . Learn how to get rid of these and tighten up your system no matter what antivirus you use .
 It is true that it slows down the boot time of your XP machine , I completely agree but having used Norton and McAfee , Panda runs like a dream compared to the other two . It does n't interfere or cause problems they way that the Big Two do.If you can live with longer boot times , you will really enjoy the protection that you get from Panda Titanium . I highly recommened it !! It is a worthy alternative .
 I love this program . It is easy to install and configure . I have n't noticed a difference in the start-up and shutdown of my machine , so if there is one , it is slight . I have had the virus protection turn off once , but it was after not restarting my computer for several days . If you 're concerned about spyware and hijacking , I recommend Panda over Norton or McAfee .
 This is a replacement of the copy lost in a move and a crashed computer . I love the program because it has so many assets from which to draw research for my writing . There are many different versions of the Bible , commentaries , Bible dictionaries and a myriad of other helps . The seller did a great job getting the software to me promptly . It was in great condition and as advertised . If the opportunity arises , I will definitely shop with this merchant and recommend him/her to anyone who asks .
 This is an excellent product for studying the Bible . The references are great and the little popups are extremely helpful .
 Print Artist Gold 23Great software gld I git a copy as I lost the original a few years ago .
 Got this years ago and it still seems to do what I need -LRB- as someone who does minimal photo editing -RRB- - brightening photos , cropping photos , a `` fix everything '' button . Crops better than the free Picasa , but otherwise not better .
 I got this game a long time ago . I still play it sometimes and it is still very fun . The graphics are good -LRB- for its age -RRB- but not the best . This is more of an action game than a flight simulation . If you are looking for a flight simulator , do n't get this game . You can be the japanese or the americans in the campaign choice . I recommend that you be the japanese first because the levels are easier and you can get the hang of the game . Also , in the japanese campaign , upgrade the bomber plane first so you can get past level 11 . Thanks for reading !
 Course OverviewThis course series will help individuals prepare for certification exam 70-067 . This exam is a core requirement for MCSE certification . To become a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer you are required to pass four operating systems exams and two elective exams that provide a valid and reliable measure of technical proficiency and expertise.Learn ToMicrosoft Class - 922 Supporting Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 Core TechnologiesAudienceThis course series is intended for professionals seeking MCSE certification.Deployment Optionse-LearningAccreditationNASBA credits
 This resource made biology easier to learn and more fun to learn . It is very helpful especially when biology teachers tend to be a little boring and hard to listen to . Another biology reference that I found helpful was : The Ultimate Study Guide for Biology
 I have the beginners Guitar Coach CD_ROM , so I was expecting something similar when I picked up Intermediate Guitar Coach . At first I was a little put-off by the different interface , but now I 've got into the product I 'm very impressed.Firstly , this product does n't devote much time to theory and discussion -LRB- tab is again used - no standard notation -RRB- . It basically launches you straight into a series of songs that progress in difficulty as you go . There 's a good variety of songs from lesser-known traditional ditties , Spanish classical pieces , to some modern day classics . As the cover suggests , the product is geared towards accoustic guitars rather than electrics.Intermediate Guitar Coach has a similar structure to the beginner Guitar Coach product in that each level has a tune , chord and fingerstyle arrangement . New techniques are introduced as required for the given song -LRB- eg . barre chords , alternate tunings , etc. -RRB- but do n't expect coverage of these in great detail outside of their usage in the song you are learning . Each level then finishes with a `` Cool Song '' , which is undoubtedly the best lesson . The songs are full arrangements of well-known tunes that you can impress your friends with . Kudos for the choice of songs which really are cool -LRB- or at least interesting -RRB- and each have a different technique to learn without being impossible to master.Each song has video and tempo-adjustable midi accompaniments which move along with the on-screen tablature to assist with your learning . You can create your own loopable section of video or midi to concentrate on difficult areas . There are also smaller `` tip '' videos which concentrate on the more difficult sections in detail . There are also Real Audio versions of each song with the guitar and/or vocal tracks removed so you can perform with your own virtual backing band . This feature has definitely assisted my progress in each song . There 's some introductory pages for each song which introduce the song 's chords , new techniques and the like , but most time is spent on the one page where you master the song using the above features.It also has the obligatory metronome , tuner -LRB- including a digital tuner , which has n't worked real well on my PC setup -RRB- and links to a hidden website to download a neat little chord application - these are fluffy extras , in my opinion , rather than necessities . There 's dozens of similar freeware products around , but hey , I 'm not complaining.The first lessons are rather simple and anyone who has only learnt some basic technique could play along , but the learning curve moves steadily upwards . I 've managed to make it about half-way and am trying to master a nice fingerstyle arrangement of The Eagles `` Love Will Keep us Alive '' . The final songs , which look really cool but are beyond my skill as yet , are by Black Crowes , Robbie Williams , Radiohead and Blind Melon -LRB- from memory -RRB- . They sound great on my PC , but I must learn some patience before I get there on my guitar.I 've been really impressed by this product in its ability to allow me to master some great tunes . The beauty of this product is not in the depth of material , but in its ease of use , so that you can easily work your up to playing along with the songs at tempo . It also helps when you actually like the songs that you are playing . At this stage of my development I 'm sure a bit of theory would n't go astray , but I 'll have to look elsewhere for that , as Intermediate Guitar Coach does n't concentrate on this area . Its geared towards getting you competently playing some intermediate level songs , and it does this very well indeed .
 This product is a good follow on to Guitar Coach . Both products follow what I call a building blocks approach to learning . Everything you need to learn to play a piece of music is there for you in great detail and each block or section of training builds on previous blocks.Most guitar tapes , videos and CDs have mostly old songs that are nice -LRB- and probably public domain , so the producer of the training material does n't have to pay royalties to use the songs -RRB- , but they do get a little old after awhile . Not so with Guitar Coach or Intermediate Guitar Coach . Both have recent songs that sound good and are fun to play.I have Guitar Coach and Intermediate Guitar coach and find both to be excellent learning tools . I have several video lessons , and a shelves full of books on how to play guitar . I have found that I am making the most progress with Charanga 's Guitar Coach and Intermediate Guitar Coach CDs over everything else I 've tried , not to mention I 'm having a lot of fun in the process!Thanks to Charanga for making such a fantastic product !
 Used both Emedia Guitar Method 1 & Intermediate Guitar Method . This product complements the Emedia products very well . The Intermediate Guitar Coach is very challenging , but the beauty of it is it allows you to work more on technique and playing in time with the whole band where emedia gives you a great theoretical approach with learning the different techniques and reading it in standard music notation . Both companies make it a great multimedia combination .
 I was told about this by someone else . It is beyond wonderful . I plan to purchase a couple more sets for Christmas . Beautifully packaged as well .
 This is an excellent DVD for beginner in-line skaters . It is easily understood by children as well as adults . Stresses the importance of protective gear and how to wear it . It clearly shows different ways of braking , as well as , basic strides and backward skating . This DVD guides you on to become a good intermediate skater . If you need instructions on how to care for your skates - look elsewhere .
 Excellent dvd covering most things a beginner needs to know
 Worth every penny . For the beginner -- or , say you just have n't skated in manymoons -LRB- like myself -RRB- and would like a brief refresher/reminder -LRB- course -RRB- onwhat to do & how to do it .
 I 've only been able to watch and not practice due to a recent ankle surgery but it is very informative and is easy to follow . I used to be able to skate -LRB- about 20 yrs ago when I was younger but its been a while and I wanted something to help . This is a great training aide and once I am fully able , I will be on the road trying . I would recommend indeed for someone trying to learn .
 Not the best quality of video realization you see the cars in the background , but very instructive you learn from the very beguining , very good and the teacher knows his woork . I higly recomend it
 I am a beginner and have a child who recently got a pair of skates . This DVD instructs how to wear gears at start that is good for beginners and kids for safety.Instructions are thorough , and we like it very much . The pace is a bit slow and somehow boring , so I cut off one star , but this is totally a good buy ! I recommend .
 Will run from disc . I used for many years on an XP Computer . 7862 is the code to unlock extra fonts etc -LRB- Got from Broderbund -- It 's too old to register . -RRB- Upgraded to Version 18 to run on Vista x64 then Windows 7 x64 . Made lots of greeting cards from this disc !
 I have used this package for awhile now and I am just amazed at all the original plugins that keep showing up and adding value to this program . It was easy to setup and use . It 's hardware requirements were also lower than Windows Media Center . I am using a remote with mine and have it conected to my HDTV in the front room . And the most important part is the wife likes it and uses it .
 Meedio is a comprehensive tool allowing everyone from the beginner to the expert to experience the `` whole house media '' revolution . The software is simple enough for newcomers to get started with just a few mouse clicks , yet it also offers sophisticated features aimed at those who want the power and flexibility to meet more demanding requirements . Finally we have a solution that is easy to use , powerful and flexible enough to create a system that meets our wants and needs , rather than a piece of software that is pretty on the outside but only offers a limited set of features!In addition to the full list of features available in Meedio Essentials , the software supports a comprehensive way to add custom functionality to the software . Through an active and healthy community of users and developers on the Meedio.com web site , the Meedio experience is enhanced beyond what competing products could even dream .
 Meedio is the most customizable and powerful HTPC software I have come across . I have used it for a year and am amazed at the number of plugins that are continually releases . Nothing else comes close .
 Meedio Essentials is the best software for people wanting a simple setup to watch movies , listen to music , and see pictures on there TV all the way to people like me who love to tweak every aspect of there home theater system.Meedio is by far the most flexible Home Theater software on the market . With over 200 plugins you can do anything you can imagine , and if you happen to imagine something there is n't a plugin for , you can easily write one yourself with minimal programming skills.Meedio unchains you from the blue Microsoft Media Center theme and allows you to download dozens of new themes or create one yourself . You can have a one of a kind living room experience rather than being confined to one look.Meedio also does n't contain you to what types of video or music files you can play , or how those files are organized . Using a powerful database engine you can create custom views to organize your media in any manner you desire.Don ' t take my word on Meedio , try it out yourself . I am sure you will come to love this peice of software as much as I do . Meedio has revolutionized my home theater and it will do the same for you . I have never had anyone over who 's mouth was n't on the ground when they saw everything Meedio does for me .
 Before you buy this product be aware that Meedio was sold to Yahoo as of April 20th , 2006 . Everything is in limbo . As of yet there is no information coming out of Yahoo .
 I 've been a Meedio Essentials user since the early beta days and it really is amazing the amount of power this software has . The developers really listen to their customers wants/needs and implement those features in new releases . The best part about Meedio is the helpful community . There are thousands of people who lend a hand to help people who are new to the HTPC world in everything from setting up Meedio , to recommending hardware purchases , helping people recover from lost data , and even assisting new software developers in creating their first Meedio plugins . You wo n't find a more helpful group of people in the HTPC market . Try Meedio out and be sure to checkout the Forums ! Did I mention there are over 200 third party plugins and themes to extend the functionality of this software ? Simply the best !
 This product is the best way to organize your digital media -- photos , music , video , etc.Info from the product 's web site : control your mediaLike most people you 've probably built up a nice collection of CDs and music downloads . You 've taken more digital photos than you can keep track of . And you may even have stored your home videos and other movies in digital format . You 're faced with the problem of keeping track of all of those files in a single place so you can actually find and enjoy them.Meedio Essentials starts with powerful tools that quickly and easily create a single library of your digital media . Through intelligent Import Plugins it can even automatically categorize your files no matter where they are stored . Meedio Essentials supports a variety of third-party Import Plugins.Whether you prefer to view by genre , by artist , or any other category in the Media Library , Meedio Essentials makes it easy to find exactly what you want , when you want it , using only your TV and remote control or touchscreen . You can even customize multi-level views , create new categories , and choose how items are displayed on-screen . And if you ca n't find what you 're looking for you can even search for it using Meedio Essentials ' on-screen interface.Meedio Essentials comes complete with integrated media players so you wo n't have to worry about buying , installing , and configuring other applications . Or , you can use almost any other third-party media player.Works with all major music and video formats -LRB- if you can play it , Meedio can organize it -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Everybody uses their mac for different things , but this is one piece of software that should be on absolutely everyone 's Mac.DiskWarrior is a great program that has helped me out of a jam a couple times . Once , in the middle of a project , my Mac locked up and then would n't let me log back in completely . Needless to say , I was a little concerned , since I had a deadline looming.I ran down to the local Apple store and paid too much -LRB- Amazon 's price is great ! Better than you 'll get at Apple 's stores ! -RRB- and ran it , nervously thinking it 'd never work.After a semi-slow boot to CD , the DiskWarrior interface came up and prompted me for my password . I entered it , clicked on `` Rebuild '' , and prayed.In about 5 minutes , DiskWarrior had informed me that it had found errors and fixed them , and had rebuilt my directory . I half expected to lose some work or files , but I clicked on `` Replace '' . Then I rebooted , crossing my fingers.It worked.And not only did it work , it worked wonderfully . My Mac had booted up faster than I remembered it booting . I logged in -- again , no problems , -- and was able to pick up exactly where I left off before the crash.DiskWarrior has given me some reassurance . It 's not the safety net that a full drive backup is , but I do n't need to worry about something going horribly awry.And , it 's more than just a disaster recovery application . You can schedule periodic tests of your drive -LRB- s -RRB- , and it will alert you if anything has gone wrong . So , mine checks hourly and I have some additional peace of mind . Furthermore , you do n't need to be a gearhead to get this to work . I do n't want to spend hours making software work , and this is so simple and intuitive out of the box.It 's great for infrequent maintenance , too . It will clean up directory structures that have gotten messed up , and everything seems to run a little smoother.Bear in mind that a lot of files seem to bog this down . It takes about five minutes to run a full test on my main hard drive , but my second storage drive , with less -LRB- but larger -RRB- files usually gets done in about a minute and a half.But , really , that 's peanuts when you consider that you could spend all day reformatting and reinstalling , or recovering from a backup and redoing lost work.Alsoft has made a wonderful product and I do n't regret anything -- except that I could have gotten it cheaper if I 'd bought it through Amazon . If you own a Mac , you really should get this if you do n't have it already . Its one success in my case more than paid for its cost , had I been forced to start from scratch .
 You know a programming team is good when you can take an application written for one environment -LRB- In this case Mac OS 9 -RRB- and convert it to a completely new environment -LRB- Mac OS X -RRB- and still maintain the look and feel of the original application . That 's the case with the new Alsoft Diskwarrior 3.0 -LRB- http://www.alsoft.com/DiskWarrior/ -RRB- . It 's hard to believe they did a complete rewrite of the product when you compare the last Classic version to the OS X version.The software comes on a Bootable OS X Jaguar CD so it should be able to boot all the latest computers except the new G5 's and PowerBooks manufactured since September 2003 . The CD also contains DiskWarrior 2.1.1 , which was the last of the Classic version.To run the application , just insert the CD into your CD-ROM drive , tell your Mac to restart and then hold down the ` C ' key to boot off of the CD . Once the system has booted you will be presented with the DiskWarrior Main Window . Next you will select the drive you want to repair from the pop-down list box , and then click the Rebuild button . Then wait for the program to run its thorough test on the drive and discover everything it that 's wrong with it . It will also at this time create an optimized directory for the hard drive . After the test are completed DiskWarrior will present you with a report showing all the things it found wrong and what it wants to do to correct them . The amazing thing about this program is it has n't done anything to the hard drive until you approve and it keeps all of those changes in memory until then . This is a concept that I wish Symantec would take with Norton Disk Doctor . While Disk Doctor gives you an option to create an undo file , there are many times that if your running a repair from CD , you do n't get an option to create an undo file -LRB- In other words if the only writeable drive you can write to is the one your repairing , why would you want to risk corrupting the drive your trying to fix -RRB- . On my PowerBook and iBook it seemed to take a long time to run . While I can understand my PowerBook being a little slow -LRB- PowerBook Lombard/333Mhz/256MB RAM/10GB Hard Drive -RRB- I was kind of surprised that it took my iBook -LRB- Dual USB/500Mhz/384MB RAM/20GB Hard Drive -RRB- so long to run through its test . Just for kicks I ran a timed comparison of the previous version of DiskWarrior to the new version . When run on the same drive on the same machine , they actually came within 1 second of each other in completing the rebuild process . I believe that there could actually be a speed advantage to the new version if it did n't load a bunch of additional files during Step 8 of the directory rebuild.The most interesting thing that DiskWarrior found on both machines was the HFS Plus Disk Wrapper had a problem . This was a common issue when Mac OS 9 was released and I thought Apple had fixed the problem a long time ago . The reason I found this interesting was because the Classic version of DiskWarrior never reported this problem.One other thing that DiskWarrior allows you to do is to install it on your hard drive . Once you do this DiskWarrior will monitor your hard drive for any pending failures . This is important feature because currently OS X does n't report any errors that come from SMART ATA hard drives . SMART ATA hard drives have the ability to monitor themselves and report a pending drive failure . This could be a critical feature because it might mean the difference between getting your data off the drive versus not getting it at all after failure has already happened.Things that I would like to see.Although Alsoft has a product called DiskExpress Pro for disk optimization , it would be nice to see it added to the DiskWarrior product so they had a complete drive care package , especially at the price of $ 79.95 . Pro 's - Still fixes problems that Disk Doctor ca n'tCon 's - Would be nice to see this as a complete drive care package
 I 'm not the kind -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- to always share my experiences , good or bad , with products . However , I must say that Disk Warrior is the BEST . My iBook had crashed , losing a year of research , two vacations ' worth of pictures , etc. etc. -LSB- I 'll never not backup again -RSB- . Disk First Aid and Apple 's help desk were useless . I took it to professional data recovery people , who said that they 'd charge me $ 600 whether or not they saved a damn thing . DiskWarrior for OSX did what the others could n't -- it rebuilt my drive , and I got back every single file , zero loss . This product is truly miraculous !
 I had a 500mhz G3 128mb iMac . It started off with a mysteriously empty folder . When I ran the Disk Utilities , my 20 GB of info mysteriously went down to 5 GB , and Disk Utilities could not fix it.So , in response to product recommendations on Amazon I tried this product . My first few attempts resulted without success . The `` Barber Pole '' froze , with a lot of activity out of my CD , none of the Hard Drive and a warning on the progress meter that speed was inhibitted due to memory . This is why I 'm giving this 4 stars , as the product should modify it 's minimum parameters , and suggest to people how to work around them if you fall below these parameters.I had great success using the following steps .1 -RRB- Get another Mac operating OSX , a G5 with 512mb worked for me .2 -RRB- Connect the Good Mac and the Bad Mac via Firewire -LRB- not USB -RRB- 3 -RRB- Start up the Bad Mac HOLDING DOWN THE T BUTTON . This starts the Bad Mac in `` Target Mode '' IE it 's basically an external firewire connected hard drive .4 -RRB- You 'll see a Firewire Screen saver appear5 -RRB- Start up the Good Mac off the Disk Warrior disk .6 -RRB- Find the Bad Mac 's hard drive while running Disk Warrior .7 -RRB- Cross your fingers and hope for the best !
 After several OSX upgrades on my G4 and never having run this software , even though I was n't experiencing a disk crash or any problems , I decided to give it a try anyway . -LRB- I had purchased this to have on hand as cheap insurance in case of later problems -RRB- . After running it , I was surprised at how much faster my computer seemed to run . The fact that it optimizes the directories rather than just patch them probably has something to do with it . At any rate , everything seems quicker now and given that , I believe this product is worth the money . Not only can it fix a corrupt disk , but it can tune your disk so that it operates more efficiently even if you are n't experiencing problems yet .
 I ordered Diskwarrior and it took what seemed like ages -LRB- overnight -RRB- to recover my disk . However - it worked ! I got all my precious files back . Also very useful as a general maintenance utility to clean up an existing drive . Worth it .
 Great product . Just used to save everything we thought we had lost , following a run of Tech Tool 4 . Worked for days trying to save files with Tech Tool tecnical support . Disk Warrior worked in a matter of minutes . What a relief .
 A tech person told me a software raid could not be rebuilt . Purchased DiskWarrior and it found my raid and rebuilt my software striped raid with 5 drives . Great product for me , pulled me out of data darkness . To use the download , I also had to download Stuffit Expander
 Shame on Apple . The built-in Apple utilities were unable to recover my drive from the `` keys out of order '' -LRB- a bug in OS X -RRB- . DiskWarrior earned their hundred bucks by recovering my machine in about 15 minutes.My copy was purchased at he Apple store . Unfortunately , they were the only local outfit with this in stock . In a way , I paid Apple for being inadequate .
 I had trouble with final cut pro on a Macintosh G4 . Then I bought this alsoft DiskWarrior and it fixed the problem ! Great item . thanks
 My G4 has been beautifully stable but software conflicts brought it to its knees . It is terrifying when your hard drive disappears and the disk utility repair functions are useless . If you see the warning , `` overlapping extent allocation '' , breathe easier ... DiskWarrior handles it . Before you call an expert -LRB- who over the phone suggested my drive had died -RRB- try DiskWarrior . Within 30 minutes , I had my computer back .
 This software totally saved me.I have an 80gb external fireware drive that wasnt playing nice . After running the apple utilities and Norton and getting nowhere , I was faced with some very unpleasant options.It took three attempts to fix everything , but each time it got a little further than the last and picked up where it left off . It cranked for about three hours total and gave me a detailed report . I couldnt understand a word of it , but it looked extensive ; pages long . The bottom line is that everything is working fine now.I ran it on my powerbook afterwards . That machine had a clean bill from Norton , but Alsoft found thousands of things that needed fixing . It fixed and defragged for 12 hours and all sorts of little things run smoother now.I really love this software . If you are totally f**ked , try it .
 My hard drive was broken but not totally fried . DiskWarrior allowed me to see my files -LRB- other tricks like starting up off a System disk or starting my computer as a FireWire drive did n't work -RRB- and to back them up.FIVE STARS!DiskWarrior could n't repair my drive , though . Also , the packaging and documentation seems a bit chintzy for $ 100 . MINUS ONE STAR !!! Final count : FOUR STARS !
 After spending an afternoon with an AAPL tech and failing to resolve repeated crashes , he suggested DiskWarrior . So glad he did ! Not only are there no more crashes but iMac running as fast as it did out of the box 2 + years ago !!
 I bought it for a friend 's birthday and it arrived almost overnight and he has used and enjoyed it immensely . So I was very satified with my purchase as I am with almost everything I buy on Amazon 's site
 The best at what it does -- save drives and data akin to how Norton Disk Doctor used to ably salvage OS 6-7 information ` back in the day . ' This functionality , akin to most ` leading ' Mac utilities , comes at a literal high cost . No one -- likely not even Alsoft -- will accuse DiskWarrior of being cheap . Related , their discs ARE cheap quality ... but work.Akin to renter 's insurance , you never think it 's worth the premium until you need it . The alternative is hundreds of dollars + days of lost productivity having an authorized repair center attempt to salvage your machine . If you 're a novice/intermediate user , buy this software -- its your best defense against an ` oops ' you wish you could rewrite . Couple this with free , automated system utilities -LRB- eg Onyx -RRB- , and you 'll have a happy Mac.Power users , however , beware . Significant OS X upgrades -LRB- free or purchased -RRB- render your version of DiskWarrior obsolete . While DiskWarrior does what it promises well , it only does so on specific OS iterations . Newer , paid updates -LRB- 1-2 times a year -RRB- from Alsoft will remedy this problem ... updates that admittedly become old fast . Thankfully they 're pretty affordable.Moreover , using backward compatible versions of DiskWarrior with older OS X offerings is akin to removing the proverbial mattress tag
 Disk Warrior was a life saver for Me.My G4 Quicksilver developed a serious problem one day after givingme no indication there was any problem in the offing . I make it a habitof repairing my permissions about once a month , and thought thatwould protect me.After developing this problem , I did a disk repair using the nativedisk repair in the utilities . I found I had a number of over lappedextent files . God knows how I got those , or what they are.Apple tech help advised me to get some software like Disk Warrior , and that it might allow me to save my data , and not have to reloadthe OS , and all my applications.Disk Warrior was a snap to use . I graphed my hard drive first , andfound to be heavily fragmented . Then I did the repair of my harddisk . And my computer booted right up , and none of data was lost.In fact my computer went right back to operating like it had been.With no lingering problem . And when I went back and graphed thehard drive it was perfectly organized.I would recommend this software to anyone . I plan to use it everycouple of months as part of a regular maintenance program for mycomputer .
 I had some 30 overlapped files -LRB- thanks to MSN -RRB- on my 10.2 OS G4 . The most recent Techtool 4 could n't do a thing . And the recommendations I saw on the net to run older versions of First Aid did n't work either . My computer was killing itself due to all these files sharing the same space.DiskWarrior worked . Period.A few caveats , however.The PDF manual states quite clearly that you should first run DiskWarrior directly from the CD ROM before doing other things - such as installing the program on your own hard drive . It would have been nice to have that in writing.The running of the program is simple and consists of , I believe , two mouse clicks . What manual do you need to do that ? The program does what it does and it requires very few acts on the part of the user . But still , a printed manual would have been good . A mere 25 page leaflet would have been more than sufficient . Seems like this would n't add too much to the production cost of the software.The big drawback here is time . DiskWarrior is sloooow . The start up takes several minutes and the maintenance itself , at least in my situation , took some five hours . I 've never had a disk utility take so long to fix a problem . In any case , if you 've got to fix your computer and you 're using this software , do n't plan on cheerily getting back to your computer in just a few minutes.This is the second version of DiskWarrior I 've owned . I had Vers . 1.0 which seemed to work , but it never saved my can . It always seemed that either Norton or Techtool could take care of almost any problem that DiskWarrior could . But not this time with OS X. I 'm sure others have had differenct experiences , but this is still a good program . It 's not going to fix all problems -LRB- no utility can -RRB- , but it just might save your computer if it specifically has disk directory problems . Ultimately , you really do need to have at least two utilities . One of them is either Norton or Techtool . The other is DiskWarrior .
 I have n't tried out Tech Tool Pro 4 but I do know that DW flat out works . I have a late 2004 iBook that had serious errors and read `` Invalid Node Structure Error -LRB- 2403 , -36 -RRB- . I went to an Apple store talked it through with one of the staff and bought it upon recommendation . Came home , backed up my HD , popped in DW and after it ran everything was fine . It even gives you a detailed report about what was wrong and what was fixed . This thing saved my computer without a doubt.One caution ... this is not a quick fix tool . It took roughly 12 hours for it to fix my HD . But I do n't care at all . I would definitely buy this tool .
 Disk Warrior does one thing , and that is rebuild the disk directory data . It does n't fix it like norton does . It gathers all the info about the stuff on your disk and writes a new directory for it and jettisons the old one . That 's it . That 's all it does . If the directory is not the problem , Disk Warrior will not fix it . If it is tho , Disk Warrior will cure your ailments 100 % . Directory issues amount to 95 % of the issues I have run into with Hard drives.I keep this program on my fixit disc along with nortons . I run this first , and if need be , nortons . I have run Nortons exactly once since converting to OS X 10.1 . This program is worth the price .
 Diskwarrior is an essential utility for Mac OS X. I do n't even wait til applications start quitting unexpectedly to use Diskwarrior . I even leave my Diskwarrior CD in the CD drive . I do a restart with the Diskwarrior CD and let it do it 's thing to keep the directories in tip top shape as I start my day . After awhile , this becomes second nature . . like brushing your teeth .
 I thought my iBook was toast , along with 5 years of family photos , iTunes downloads , art and writings I had done -LRB- for publications -RRB- , etc. . I tried rebooting , disk first aid , fsck , etc. , but it looked like my laptop 's hard drive was DOA.Even my local Mac tech scratched his head and said there was nothing he could do for me except recommend an out-of-state co. that would physically rebuild my hard drive for about $ 2000 , if I wanted all those memories back.Being that I was short about $ 1900 of that , not to mention the additional pennies needed for a new computer , on a prayer I ordered DiskWarrior.I stuck it in the drive , pressed ` C ' , and in 20 minutes , five years of my life came back on screen . I was floored.It was so simple , even a non-techhead like me could do it.Don ' t trash your Mac til you try this . It is a miracle worker . Even if all else has failed , this is worth a shot if your hard drive is fried .
 I was at the Apple store checking out new Tiger OS and happened to ask the tech guy 's advice on new TechTool Pro 4.0.4 . I had just been online for an hour reading bad reviews on TechTool , so I was curious of his take on it . He told me about DiskWarrior and said that it was superior to TT Pro . As you know , Disk First Aid does little to help or repair serious stuff , so , from what he said , DiskWarrior is a must-have tool to protect your hard drive . He really highly recommended it . The catch is , and I did n't ask , maybe they sell them there and he was just trying to talk me into buying one . -LRB- I avoid their high prices and buy everything on line anyway . -RRB- Too bad shipping prices are soaring !!
 The title speaks for itself . Used on Mac OS 9.2 .
 Fantastic . I took a chance and spent $ 100 on this software when my mac would n't read my external HD . Disk utilities said something about a journaling error . It was money well-spent . My external is back . Go Obama !
 My experience shows this to be absolutely worthless software . I do not understand how anyone could give it a good review . I wasted money on it based on the reviews that I 've read . It scanned my drive , pointed out three problems , and told me the drive was unfixable . I installed Tech Tools Pro 4 and it scanned the same drive , reported the errors and fixed them . Twice Disk Warrior has proven to be totally impotent . Walk on by this product and invest in Tech Tools Pro 4 . Would that I could get my money back . -LSB- Added 7/28/11 -RSB- I 've since come to highly regard this software . I use it professionally . It has saved our bacon many times . It works as advertised . One just needs to understand how it works and what it does . Every Mac owner should own a copy of this software and use it often to keep his system in shape . It identifies and fixes many file system problems that Disk Utility does not catch .
 Saved a disk that was damaged with Norton Utilites 2.0 in half an hour . Highly recommended for Mac OS X users .
 Oh yeah!Life is good again!I spent all last night worrying about a disk that Tech Tool 4 screwed up so bad that it would not show up on my desktop . I spent most of the day trying to retrieve the disk with no success . I downloaded Disk Warrior and within three minutes I was back up . Simply amazing ! I am now an evangelist for the product and will use it monthly to rid my system crashes with my complex system setup . I even got the disk icon back!BUY IT-USE IT-LOVE THE PEACE OF MIND !! Thanks Alsoft ! I love you !
 You know you 're in trouble when you wake up to your wife 's computer making the Mac startup sound every 30 seconds . No sleeping in today . Had to drag myself out of bed to see what the problem was . Her iBook would n't boot . It was displaying an error I 've never seen before.Called Apple Care , booted from the Tiger disk , ran Disk Utility to analyze the hard drive . Bad news , damaged disk . Apple suggested that I try something like Disk Warrior , or reformat the disk and reinstall the OS -LRB- and all of the applications -RRB- - not my idea of a good day.I opted to give Disk Warrior a try , and I 'm glad I did . To be honest , I 've seen this sort of error before on Windows systems , and based on those experiences I did n't have much hope that Disk Warrior could actually help . Boy was I surprised after Disk Warrior did it 's thing and the iBook booted right up.I paid full price at the Apple store because I need a solution ASAP . It was well worth the few extra dollars .
 I have used this program frequently to repair disks that Tech Tools 4 and Norton Utilities programs have messed up . The upgrade to the Tiger compatible version -LRB- 4.0.3 -RRB- was downloaded quickly and easily at no cost . Recommend highly.Feb . 17 , 2010Subsequent versions work very well with Leopard and Snow Leopard -LRB- free download if you bought the version for Leopard -RRB- . Still highly recommended - especially for repairing damaged directories and volume headers .
 If your OS gets a little buggy , this is THE fix . You will not need any other disc repair software for whatever your problem is . I run it every couple of weeks just to keep things clean and fast . Seriously , if you 're bumming that something is up with your mac or it 's acting funky , pop this in and you 're back in biz
 This morning , I am bowing to the gods at Alsoft . After Apple 's Disk Utility failed , I purchased DiskWarrior at the recommendation of MacWorld magazine . As previous reviews have noted , it was n't quick , but it worked ! My computer was running , but clearly sick -LRB- confirmed by Apple 's Disk Utility 's inability to complete its review and repair -RRB- , so I was able to back up my data and start Disk Warrior in the evening so it could run overnight . It took 12 hours , but it corrected all of the issues and my dear old Mac is now zipping along . From reading these reviews , clearly there are some problems that DW is great at solving , and some that it 's not ... but the reviews , in general , were a great help to me because they encouraged me to be patient , and let DW chug along until it was done .
 NOTE
 This is an outstanding program , and it has rescued me from what seemed like certain doom a number of times . Great for fixing catastrophic disk problems , but also essential for disk maintenance . Highly recommended !
 Well , actually , no I ca n't . But I can put my recordings spot-on key with this software , and even * I * sound pretty good . I use this with Cakewalk Sonar Home Studio as an add-on tool and edit my files destructively -LRB- rather than using it as a normal plugin , say , a reverb -RRB- and it works flawlessly this way.The interface takes a little getting used to - it 's very innovative , and once you learn it , you will find it is intuitive and easy . In fact , I believe Autotune has stolen the idea this interface now for their products.The sound is * awesome * . You can tweak so many factors to get a natural sound - it can really work miracles . You can use it to put someone a little more `` on '' to touch up a track , or use heavier processing on a single note to save on otherwise good track . Or ... I 've used it on vocalists who literally can not sing a note - really . I 'm not talking about being a little off key - I 'm talking about singing up in pitch when the melody goes down , etc. . The end result was amazing - they sounded great . Yeah , sometimes tracks end up simply unsavable , but it 's amazing what this software can do . An by tweaking the `` formants '' of the notes , you can avoid the dreaded `` Cher '' effect , unless of course this is what you want.I 've also used this effectively on instruments such as violin to put them right on key too . The end result sound completely natural and transparent . I 've used it to raise a vocal track up a third or fifth to create a harmony - it 's ridiculously easy to do things like this.Melodyne will also adjust the timing of the notes to correct rhythm problems , but I 've had less luck with this feature . Perhaps I 'm not using it correctly , or perhaps my Norwegian ancestry results in rhythm tracks that are just not savable.Note that this review is for the older version of Melodyne Uno . There are now updated versions that sound even better .
 If you own a Variax guitar , which is a pretty nice product in itself , Workbench is a must-have . I found it easy to install -LRB- and update -RRB- , and even easier to use . More importantly , it multiplied exponentially the things I can do with my Variax .
 I own a Line 6 Variax 600 guitar and this product is a must have if you want to play around with it 's infinite sound capabilities or programs , or download the myriad of guitars created by users from alternate sites . Works flawlessly . However , does this product need to be $ 100 . ? The interface and cable probably cost Line 6 a few nickles each to mass produce . Come on Line 6 and stop scalping your supporters !
 Workbench is a great program to play with . You can switch pickups with guitar bodies , change tunings , change pot parameters , etc. . . it 's a lot to play with so it takes some time , but it allows you to find that `` right '' sound if you 're willing to give it time . Some problems include a warble sound if you virtual capo too high on the fretboard or with some tunings - this is especially true with harmonics . All in all this is a great program , but as another reviewer mentioned it should not cost $ 100 . I got it for free with my Variax 600 as part of a promotional deal . Now I really want the new Tyler VAX . It 's suppossed to have 4 times the dsp power , which would handle the problems I mentioned .
 My granddaughter had this program for our old computer . She loved it so much we bought it for the new computer . I like playing it too , when there is time .
 Nice lil set . . got this at a great price . . my four year old loves it , and uses it on the regular . . so FIVE STAR . .
 I am quite pleased with this product . Even though I was only able to download one movie because I need more memory in my pocket pc to be able to store more movies . Right now I am only running factory memory on a HP Ipaq 5455 . You will need more then factory memory to store multiple movies.For such a small screen , the movie really looks good - be ready for miniature movies ! I would highly recommend these pocket pc movies - great entertainment item for the person on the go ! Lots of fun .
 If you have ever liked to watch Sherlock Holmes movies these are excellent time killers . I purchased this CD-Rom mostly for the novelty but I actually found myself enjoying these movies . I sometimes find I have time to kill ; waiting for my car at the service center , downloading files from the internet , etc. and this occupies those dull moments . They also bring back old memories of watching them as a kid . Three movies for 10 bucks is a good deal !
 This is the Best Chinese-English Software out there . Move your mouse over a character to get possible translations , including coloquialisms . Type in the pin-yin to get matching characters . Studying Chinese becomes quick and painless . I bought this for my husband for his Chinese class he 's taking , and it shaved about two hours of his homework time to not have to search through the dictionary by hand to find characters . Well worth every penny .
 The claims made for language software are often overblown and result in disappointment for the purchaser . This product is different . It does exactly what it claims . Of all the many books and programs I have bought for learning Mandarin , this is undoubtedly the one that I use every single day.If you come across an unfamiliar character on a page , draw it with your mouse or brush and Wenlin will bring up an entry which provides the definition , the origins of the character , an animation that gives the correct stroke order for writing the character , a full list of all the words that contain the character -LRB- from its Chinese-English dictionary of 200,000 entries -RRB- , all other characters that use as a component the one you have selected , cross references to the Hanyu Da Zidian , Grammata Serica Recensa , Karlgren 's `` Analytic Dictionary '' , etc. . The latest version will even take you to the Unicode website page for the character.If drawing the unfamiliar character does n't work , there are many other ways of finding the character you are looking for . You can type in the pinyin , if you know the pronunciation , for a full list of homophones . You can find a character by drawing one of its components . And , best of all , you can copy and paste electronic text directly into Wenlin.Do you want to convert full form character text into simplified , or vice versa ? Wenlin will do it for you . Do you want to export the documents you have created into Word , Powerpoint , etc ? You can.Free updates are available online for Version 3 onwards -LRB- Version 2 , which employed a smaller dictionary can not be upgraded , so avoid it -RRB- . I feel so enthusiatic about this product that it has made me write my first ever review of anything.As a previous reviewer said
 I am a late adopter of Wenlin , I started to use it only almost two years into my studies , preferring traditional dictionaries . For the memorization of characters I 'd suggest starting students stick to printed dictionaries for some time before they start using software like Wenlin.The user interface of Wenlin is cheap , almost retro
 Make sure and get the latest version.Wenlin Software for Learning Chinese Version 4was released earlier this year . Wenlin is one of the best software programs for learners of Chinese . I 've used it since version 3.0 and prefer it over all other Chinese learning software .
 You just need to get this . It is that simple . It 's inexpensive , easy to use , and produces amazing results . Your printer can only print what is given to it ... and if you edit on your monitor and you think the green is green ... and the blues are blue ... and its not calibrated ... there is no telling WHAT your gon na get out of your printer.Think of it this way ... it gets your montitor and your printer talking in basicly the same language ... so what you see is what you print.Or continue to pull your hair out ... lol.Good investment of very little money.Roman
 I bought this product for donation to an outfit Called Bloomington Sister City Organization . They were loooking for a product just like this one.So far the group is very happy with the Dream Weaver product I donated.Kodo
 I bought this a year ago and it is still delivering excellent content . The only thing is that something keeps re-ordering my lines . I 've put up with this in lieu of the ability to edit my webpages with little effort .
 I upgraded from a much earlier version . This one runs just fine on my new iMac with Leopard . It is easy to use and powerful . I am getting ready to upgrade again to the CS3 version soon .
 I ca n't rave enough about this program . I am blown away by the ease and time efficiency this provides . If I could give it a higher rating I would !!!
 Great Product - I found it to be very easy to use and hassle free !
 For an amateur in web design , Dreamweaver 8 helped me along without having to learn all the numerous coding that goes into creating a webpage . I would have liked if the program had basic templates available to use , at least for the layout of the page . Perhaps it does and I just have n't been able to figure it out . It is hard to create fancy designs if you are n't a web design professional , so the page I 've been working on thus far is pretty basic and not very flashy . Other than that , the software is very easy to learn and I enjoy using it .
 Face it . If you want the best Web design software , get Dreamweaver . Sure there are other products that will do the job , but you will not find one that does so much , is so easy to use , and has so much support available in terms of books and Web forums . When I say it is easy to use , I am talking about knowing how to use it and then using it correctly , of course . You can do a little or a lot , depending how much effort you want to put into learning it . For Web design , this program is tops . Now that Adobe owns it , it will continue to get better .
 Dreamweaver 8 is the best HTML editor on the market hands down.There are numerous small design changes from MX 2004 to 8 but the fantastic workspace from MX 2004 is fully intact whether you are a hand coder or a design coder . In fact the hand coder screen -LRB- code display -RRB- has undergone some very nice time saving improvements -LRB- i.e. 1 touch comments -RRB- that are very welcome.The larger improvements that you will find are increased support for CSS , XHTML 1.0 strict , XSLT , JavaScript , XML , and more . Also new is the built in validator for the different types of HTML and CSS ... That is a massive timesaver all on its own . Finally the code generated in design view is much cleaner in my opinion . MX 2004 had the habit of putting the code in place without cleaning up previous code ; Dreamweaver 8 fixes this problem nicely.Now that Adobe owns Macromedia I fully expected that Adobe 's great customer support would be available and I was right . The customer support was fast , courteous , very helpful , and very patient with all my questions . Not once were my hypothetical questions treated like a burden.Macromedia had a very high quality , industry standard product on the market with Dreamweaver MX 2004 . Now Adobe-Macromedia has an even better product with Dreamweaver 8 . You can feel Macromedia 's attention to details throughout the product and you can see Adobe 's very high standards being lived up to in every nuance.Worth every cent and maybe a little more .
 I 'm an amateur at website design/building , so understand that I 'm not very `` deep '' in Dreamweaver 's abilities . However , I got the program to switch from Adobe GoLive CS2 which had many quirks , bugs , and frustrations . -LRB- One example - while you upload your changed files to the web server in GoLive , you ca n't do anything else in the program . Single tasking !?!?! -RRB- After just 30 minutes or so of working with Dreamweaver to update my site , I 'm already sure I 've made the right decision ! I have a long way to go in learning what it can do , but my first impressions of the product are excellent .
 I 'm new to web design . I 've tried other products , including Frontpage , and found them too cumbersome to use and the results were not what I wanted . Dreamweaver is the best . Easy to use , with more tools to make your web pages look great , even for a beginner . And there is a lot of support and tutorials on the web to help you out .
 You 've GOT to be kidding me ... What web developer -- or even a power-user uses Windows 98 anymore ?? I am stunned that people who written reviews in here are even mentioning this `` flaw '' . Dreamweaver rocks !!
 If you are familar with the Macromedia line of products then this one is not a surprise -- it 's a good ide . This version comes with support with most of the web programming languages out there -- including xsl stylesheets . The application loads quickly with rare crashes , has standard and secure ftp support , database connectivity tools , and common web elements . Using it just for code editing is also great.I would suggest buying a suite that includes this one versus purchasing itsolely .
 Dreamweaver consistently ranks high in the field of WYSIWYG web site editors . This release does not stray from this position . Considering GoLive and FrontPage are the current competition , it is not hard to see why -LRB- will be interesting to see what comes out with Microsoft Expressions Quartz -RRB- . As with previous versions , Dreamweaver 8 has the standard Dreamweaver interface . When you install , you have the option of setting up like a developer or setting up like a designer . It is not as easy to change the scheme -LRB- or not as evident -RRB- , but this is not a major deal as a single developer rarely changes the setup of his development environment.Dreamweaver 8 touts itself as the king of CSS and it has certainly made some wonderful inroads . By default , you can create styles in a page or in a stylesheet . Unfortunately , it falls a little short in allowing you to change your mind in this place , as well . It would be nice , for example , to drag tested styles from a test page up to the stylesheet . Instead , I have to manually cut and paste or recreate styles . Yes , this is minor , but ca n't someone make a tool that does this ? I would also love to see a tool that recognizes I have already created a style with the same feature or allows me to use the standard font and paragraph changes and automatically create a style . But , I digress , there is no tool that does that ... yet.The CSS Styles tab gives you a great way of getting down to the properties of a particular CSS style . If you do not want to bring up the designer , which is how you normally create your style , you simply add properties to the style in the CSS Styles tab . Very nice feature . A little different than the properties view in MS products , but much more compact.Dreamweaver 8 is better at . NET development than FrontPage . It also allows a variety of other development paradigms
 I have recently become more serious about web page design . I looked at other products and tried them out . However , Dreamweaver has exceeded my expectations . I am not an advanced user by any means , so my rating might have a `` new user bias '' to it . My first web site used a WYSIWYG editor similar to Frontpage . Then , I downloaded the 30 day trial of Dreamweaver and redesigned the site . Productivity greatly increased and the interface is very easy to navigate , once you get used to it . The new web site is by far more impressive , user friendly , and feature rich without a cut in productivity . Learning Dreamweaver is a pleasure . If you are familiar with web design , the learning curve is very nice . I was making web pages within a couple of hours of downloading the trial . Tutorials are readily available in the Help menu and on the Adobe web site . Of course , you can always find a good book here on Amazon . If the price of Dreamweaver can fit your budget and you are serious about making impressive web sites , I highly recommend the consideration .
 Pros
 If you use a lot of CSS DW8 is fantastic . This is a huge headache saver and time saver for CSS developers . In my mind the price for a new DW 8 will quickly be made up in saved development time.On the otherhand plan on SLOW development . Adding this to your system -LRB- like MX -RRB- is like tying an anchor to your desktop or stepping back five or six years in the computer world . From what blogs & reviews I have read it aint a RAM issue , this is just slow . I am on Mac OS X 10.3.9 Still if you are a web dev DW is king , personally I would n't give it up for anything but the perfomance issues must be addressed .
 I am not a web designer by profession , but I still wanted to produce good looking websites as part of my personal business . Dreamweaver 8 is easy to learn and powerful , much better than MS Front Page and worth every penny . Even if you do n't know how to read or write code , Dreamweaver will do most all of the work for you using an easy graphical interface . The tutorial also is very helpful for first time designers and explains almost everything you will want to do .
 Having used Dreamweaver for many years , as both a design and coding -LRB- PHP -RRB- tool ... it was wonderful to begin using 8 and right away noticing the MAJOR improvements.Most noteably it seems that they got rid of a lot of the `` bloat '' that made MX so sluggish . Another major plus is the posting window that puts along in the background , freeing DW up to continue working on other things.Thoroughly impressed so far . Have not played too much with new CSS support but looking forward to seeing improvements there as well .
 I had been using dreamweaver 4 forever . I had upgraded to MX but could not stand it . MX once opened for the first time you look at it and go `` what the hell is going on here '' nothing was where you thought it would be , I am pretty sure the designers were drunk . So I went back to using 4 . Just got 8 and it is smooth and easy . Things are much different but all better in so many ways . I like programs that you do not have to look at the instructions when you upgrade to a new version . They realy put some thought into making it very intuitive . Go for it and dont look back . Avoid MX like the plague it is though .
 This version of Dreamweaver is mounds better than 2004 . It loads just as fast as MX did , runs flawlessly and stable , just like MX did . MX 2004 sucked , plain and simple . It was buggy , slow , and it had all that activation crap processes running in the background . I must have counted a total of 3 extra processes running just for Dreamweaver to run . Just for the crappy licensing . CSS has been better intergrated and so has flash video . This is definetly worth the upgrade . Being as how adobe just bought macromedia , i imagine the versions are only going to get crappier since adobe has no competition now . So i 'd upgrade to this one while you have the chance , as no other web editing software really compares to dreamweaver .
 I love Dreamweaver -- I 'm medium-level computer literate , nothing fancy , but DW is so easy to use I can set up websites for home and business . This new version no longer works with Windows 98 , so if you have that , get the older MX version . But there is nothing wrong with the newest version otherwise !
 Mastering Microsoft Office Made Easy Training Tutorial for v. 2007 through 97 ' How to use MS Office Video e Book Manual Guide . Even dummies can learn Access , Excel , Outlook , PowerPoint , Publisher , Windows & Word from Professor JoeI highly endorse this product and found it very easy to follow and understand . I was so impressed with the product that I purchased several other products from TeachUcomp .
 I 'll start by saying I am not very skilled in computer usage . I know just enough to make me dangerous . I needed to learn how to use power point . I read and studied what was available for sale at Amazon . I thought this program provided the most `` bang for the buck '' . I was not disappointed . Mastering Microsoft Office is user friendly . It describes how to use the various Microsoft applications in easy to understand language that make it easy for unskilled people like me to become proficient . I highly recommend it .
 I skipped a version of Deramweaver and just upgraded to Dreamweaver 8 from Dreamweaver MX.The box contains the Dreamweaver installation CD , and that is pretty much it . There is no printed documentation , no quick start guide , no registration form ; everything is ether on the CD , or on the web.You can install the Dreamweaver on a Windows computer or on a Mac , but not on both.If a previous version is still installed , the Dreamweaver automatically locates it on first start and migrates the sites -LRB- at least when upgrading from MX this works very well -RRB- , otherwise you need to enter the serial number of the Dreamweaver you are upgrading from . I find it useful to write down the previous serial number on the new CD envelope , so that I have it handy in case I need to reload Dreamweaver on a new computer in the future.I really like that the Dreamweaver 8 seamlessly operates with different Doctypes and even allows converting from one Doctype to another . This is great when working with older web site designs for brining them up to date with modern standards . It can also validate markup and show you if there is anything in the document , or the entire site , that does not conform to the standards.What 's more , Dreamweaver can clean-up XHTML files , and HTML files created by Microsoft Word . The later command does not work very well , but Microsoft Word is known for creating a mess of HTML that is very difficult to deal with , so every little bit helps.Besides markup validation , Dreamweaver can check such aspects of the web site documents as
 Pros
 Why did I wait to upgrade ? This is so much better than Dreamweaver MX 2004 -LRB- which , I loved by the way -RRB- . It is far more stable on my Mac . Dreamweaver MX 2004 stalled and crashed unexpectedly on a regular basis , but so far I have n't had ONE crash with the upgrade . It also handles CSS so much better -- there were a few CSS features that I could * never * get to work right on 2004 , and it 's simple as pie to do it in version 8 ! I also loved the tabbed pages , so I can have more than one page open at the same time.I do n't do terribly sophisticated sites , so I can not comment on some of the other features new to DW 8 . But I do know that quite a few things that always bugged me about earlier versions of DW have now been fixed . I can not be more happy !
 I upgraded from Dreamweaver 4 . Since I did n't have the versions in between 4 and 8 , I can categorically say this is a major improvement over what I had before.The FTP feature is probably the most noticable . Before the upgrade , uploading files took so long that I ended up using FileZilla . The other problem , as mentioned in other reviews , was that Dreamweaver would not allow the user to do anything else while uploading . That has changed . Now , I can go on to the next file and work while the FTP works in the background . It 's not as fast as FileZilla , but it is MUCH faster than DW4 's file action.The CSS support is also a major improvement . I consider myself to be at an intermediate skill level with DW , and before , I never tried the style sheets . When I started building my site , I found out the hard way how useful the sheets are , and this version helped my transition tremendously.There are a few drawbacks . The first is its tendency to have a mind of its own when I 'm working with tables and layers . I 've had to go into the code window to figure out what 's going on at times . The other problem is that it occassionaly locks up the FTP program -LRB- but I can shake it loose by stopping and restarting the upload -RRB- , and it 's such a resource hog that it slows everything down almost to a stop at times . Since I work from a laptop , I ca n't add the RAM necessary to deal with it , but I already have 512mb , so this truly is a hog!I also have Fireworks 8 , and the documentation does n't recommend running them at the same time unless you have twice the RAM I have . I found it interesting that I can run them at the same time , and those are NOT the times the DW freezes up ... Overall , I love this upgrade . I ca n't speak to the versions between 4 and 8 , but if you 're like me and have n't upgraded in a while , then this is very much worth the money . I 'd like to see it get more efficient , but for my level of experience and use , it 's great.Christina Wantz FixemerOwner , Operator of Wantz Upon A Time Book Reviews
 John Sebastian Bach - Brandenburg Concertos 4-5-6CD 11 tracks , 60:32 UPC -LRB- Barcode -RRB- 018111001472Track List01 Data 06:5902 02_Brandenburg Concerto No 4 In G Major 07:1303 03_Brandenburg Concerto No 4 In G Major 03:5304 04_Brandenburg Concerto No 4 In G Major 05:0405 05_Brandenburg Concerto No 5 In D Major 10:3906 06_Brandenburg Concerto No 5 In D Major 05:0307 07_Brandenburg Concerto No 5 In D Major 05:2308 08_Brandenburg Concerto No 6 In B Flat Major 05:5409 09_Brandenburg Concerto No 6 In B Flat Major 04:4210 10_Brandenburg Concerto No 6 In B Flat Major 05:3811 11_Brandenburg Concerto No 6 In B Flat Major 00:04
 Macromedia Flash is essential if you are looking to make professional web pages that are very design oriented and interactive -LRB- animations , games , rollover images , anything -RRB- . With that said , I do believe that the price is a little too high for the product.All in all , it is worth the buy if , like I said , you are serious about web development . Check any top notch website and you are guaranteed to find flash .
 Actually , I never used the GUI . Everything I wrote was with actionscript . You can do more if you have the time to learn the object model , and build your own library.Alas , in the end , computers just are not fast enough -LRB- that is , the customer 's computers -RRB- to really build seemless dimensional graphics with flash unless you have much fancier tools . And besides , apple does not support adobe -LRB- and why should any of us for that matter -RRB- , so in the end I think its wasted effort as the technology market changes.It was fun during the early , less complicated days of Macromedia , much like DOS , C , HTML , Clipper , and even Visual Basic , but those days are over now .
 I am so happy with the new Flash 8 , and am even more delighted that Macromedia re-introduced the ` normal mode ' -LRB- although not called normal mode anymore -RRB- for designers . They have also introduced a new way of skinning video , and I absolutely love the new On2 VP6 video codec . There are so many improvements from MX 2004 that I would be writing forever to tell you about them . As a senior designer who has been using flash since Flash 3 , I think that Flash 8 Pro is the best ever yet ! Well done Macromedia .
 This item was just what I need at the time . It arrived in a timely fashion and was well packaged .
 I purchased this set for my 8 yr old daughter in 3rd grade . She is enjoying the Mathra game but does n't seem to like the Mystery Mansion much yet , for some reason . She keeps going back to the Mathra game and she will play it for hours , it holds her interest and she does n't get frustrated with it , even though it does seem to challenge her skills . She has requested that we get more Cluefinders games for her to play and learn with . I have Windows XP on a desktop PC and we do have some issues with this game freezing-up , she says it does save where she 's at , so she just turns everything off and reloads the disc , it does n't seem to bother her much . I 'm not sure if it 's a software issue or perhaps it 's an issue with clicking the mouse too fast or too often and freezing the PC , just be aware of this if you buy this disc set . I consider this a good purchase for us .
 The Corel WordPerfect Family Pack is super value for anyone not needing a full professional office software suite -LRB- such as WordPerfect Office Professional or MS Office -RRB- . The WordPerfect 10 wordprocessor is easy for the the beginner -- with the `` Perfect Expert '' to help and prompt you to your completion . Yet , it 's fully featured for the advanced user . Included is Dragon NaturallySpeaking for WordPerfect , a utility that you train to your voice so that you can talk and it will type !! Also included is the Quattro Pro 10 -LRB- spreadsheet program -RRB- , Avery DesignPro -LRB- similar to PrintShop -RRB- , online Encyclopedia Brittanica , and McAfee VirusScan -LRB- virus checker -RRB- . It 's a deal super deal for a super software bundle !
 Personally , I dislike thinking that I absolutely must buy only Microsoft products just because they dominate the market . Frankly , I do n't like feeling like a sheep and so I avoid Microsoft products whenever a viable alternative is available . Corel 's WordPerfect Family Pack 4 presents a very viable alternative at a quite reasonable price . I 've been a fan of the various versions of WordPerfect for more than a decade and it 's still my word processor of choice -- and would be even if I were n't rebelling against the dominance of Microsoft . If you can cope with using something good that is n't what virtually everyone else uses , I think you 'll like this product -- and save some money as well .
 Honestly , if you do not have this software product in your collection , you are missing out a lot of great stuff here . The value that you are getting for your money here is worth every penny . From wordprocessing to photoediting I think this is 100 % better than Microsoft Works Suite , the value appears in terms of more software and even hardware , I do not see anywhere in Microsofts Works where you are getting a headset , and Avery publishing software is truly exceptional I have version one of that software -LRB- it came with Office 97 Pro -RRB- and does every thing perfect , creating list , business cards etc imagine what you could do with this new version . Photo-editing software is satisfactory , its no Photoshop but it does get the job done . Lets not forget , Dragon Naturally speaking an excellent Voice Recognition software , it really takes the hassle from those who hate to type , one thing to remember , to get the best results from Dragon you have to practice , so that it can get use to your voice . You are also getting tons of Clipart , what else can I say but this product is better than MS Works Suite and is worth the -LSB- price -RSB- . Buy it you wo n't regret it .
 Word Perfect Family Pack 4 is a great combination of programs . If you do not need the advanced features of a full version of Word Perfect , this one works great -LRB- also works with XP Home Edition -RRB- . The drawback for me is that I need to open documents that were created in more programs than this version allows.WP9 will open most documents -LRB- all I have tried -RRB- and works well on ME , but the spell checker -LRB- and other things -RRB- hangs up on XP Home Edition . -LRB- I have heard there are problems with the full version of WP10 . -RRB- Avery Design Pro is a great program !
 Always liked WordPerfect and the packaging in this group is great.Had been looking for virus software anyway and when I saw the rebates offered on this suite thought I could n't lose.Gave it only 4 stars because manual is lame . Only limited info included and that is mostly for WordPerfect.One warning tho ' , be careful when installing the McAfee . If you are a Windows 98 user you might run into some trouble especially if you have an older version already installed . -LRB- I had a demo/temp version that came with my computer . -RRB- Have n't looked , but McAfee customer service said there were instructions on installing this under those conditions on their web site . This bug will cause your machine to not boot properly ; so make sure you visit the site first . Fix was straightforward and the rep was very knowlegdable and easy to talk to . Have n't had any trouble since then . Would n't let this stop me from buying the Family Pack or installing the McAfee.Haven ' t sent in the rebates yet , but it is a shame that to get a decent manual to use with WP or Quatro it will cost more than the all of the software included in the pack . < sigh >
 I needed software that everyone could enjoy and use in the house . I was more than pleased with Family Pack 4 , which helped us write reports , create posters , labels , everything.We even have had a lot of fun using the talking -LRB- I think it is called Natural Speaking -RRB- feature.I recommend this package , you will get multiple use of it .
 I purchased this a few weeks ago with rebates as an incentive . The programs are great , and Dragon Speak is awesome . I had heard some bad things about it , but it has worked well for me . All in all , a MUST BUY !!!
 This Family Pack4 arrived including all pieces and partsas described . Installation was easy and the variety of programs is creative and well worth the purchase ... It 's a super affordable addition to our computer software .
 Great deal for the money . Dragon Speaking worked better then I expected . I wish they included Quattro Pro .
 Richard Bonynge conducts the National Philharmonic Orchestra for this rendition of one of my holiday favorites , the Nutcracker . Paired with Chorus Master John Andrews , the two deliver a wonderful performance and recording of the Nutcracker . This was originally recorded by Decca Records Company , Limited , of London in 1974 and re-released on cd format by PolyGram Records in 1994 . The audio is rich and clean and the performances crisp , tastefully subtle , dynamic and powerful . Bravo !
 The reason why Bonynge 's recordings with the National Symphony are so magnificent , especially his performance of opera overtures , is because he was married to the great soprano Joan Sutherland . He conducted numerous opera performance of hers , so he has an inate sense of what live theatre sound should sound like . He operates from the perspective of a live conductor performing for a live audience expecting a big and dramatic sound without the advantage of an acoustically perfect recording studio . And in this Nutcracker performance you get his rich and powerful sound for this storied ballet.I am constantly amazed to see the Dorati performance with the Detroit Symphony get more notice than this one . There 's no comparison . And the difference is clear in the final Apotheosis scene . Dorati and the Detroit Symphony rush through it and give it an abrupt ending . Bonynge and the National Symphony however draw it out with all the boom and crash of the cymbals , as we expect from Tchaikovsky 's music , to extract the maximum emotional intensity possible . This is exactly what I would expect from a conductor grounded in live theatre performances .
 My 4 1/2 year old love , and her big brother -LRB- 6 -RRB- likes helping her out when she gets stuck . The vocab , logic , & math portions are great , but the magic artist deluxe was a bit disappointing
 Before obtaining this product I had never attempted to erase a hard drive . The easy to follow directions took me through the process step by step . I also liked the certificate that you may print after you have completed the program . I have already provided a copy of one to the individual who previously owned the PC .
 I used SecurErase 8 on an old computer that I was giving away . The instructions were easy , that was important to me . It worked good . I will keep it in my library in case I need to use it again on another computer .
 This product will definitely clean your system . If you utilize the government clean erase , which is the equivalent of the government 's process of erasing data off their computers , it will take 6-8 hours . I utilized this option , started the gov. clean erase before I went to bed , the next morning the process was complete . When you reinstall your operating system back to its original configuration from your restore CDs , make sure that you take out any hardware -LRB- memory pci 's or pci-e cards -RRB- which you have installed -LRB- not a part of the original desk top -RRB- out of your box . I forgot this and so I kept getting blue screens , error messages , and basically a dead computer when trying to restore my Windows system . I freaked thinking SecurErase destroyed my computer . But I took the hardware out , through back in the installation disks , recovered my system , rebooted my system , powered down , then reinstalled my extra memory and pci-e cards , fired it back up and my computer is back online . If you want to make sure that your system is back to it 's ` original ' operating system , this is the way to go .
 worked easily as promised . no true way to prove if hard drive is completly clean , but appears to be .
 My 8-year-old son thinks this game is awesome ! There are all types of big machines and he is the operator . There are several different views and he can dig , blade , dump , and wreck . This is a great game for any kid that is interested in big construction machines .
 This game has very good physics for all those people that like to tear things down and build them up again . I personally liked this game because it kept my attention for a very long time . I recommend this game .
 The video game loaded easily , my kids and I fully enjoy the game and had no problems loading and playing the game on Windows 7 eventhough that is not listed as a valid operating system . Thanks
 My six year old son loves this game . It does need to be run on an older PC though . I tried it on my laptop running Windows 7 and loaded it in Compatibility Mode for Windows XP and set the screen for 256 colors but I can not see the control menus . I can run the game itself okay but the controls for the radio , exit buttons , etc. are fuzzy . If you just click around to figure out what they do , some buttons work and some do n't . I put it on my older Pent II machine running Windows XP with a graphics accelerator card and it works just fine . I can see everything well . Maybe this is the problem another reviewer had when he said he could n't see an exit button . The only complaint my son has is there 's no backhoe . The equipment you use are dump truck , excavator , bulldozer , front end wheel loader , and a wrecking ball crane . Some have attachments too like a hook for the crane . The wheel loader has a forklift attachment . The excavator gets an auger and a jackhammer . You can switch stations on the radio -LRB- very cool -RRB- and get 360 views outside plus inside cab views . You can do the missions or just drive around crashing into things . Some of the buildings can not be demolished . I like the fact that the foreman is friendly and encouraging in the training mode . A good game for kids . So , set up your old PC with this game and you 'll be left to use your new computer in peace !
 If you want an awesome piece of software to protect your home/small business against wireless intruders this would be it . The software has this very easy to use interface that actually can interface with your wireless router . I do n't know how it does it but it is very cool . I have a Dell router and installed the software and it knew I had a Dell router . It prompted me for by admin account and password and presto I have easy security on my network . It shows you in this easy to use inteface who is connnected and allows me to keep them or restrict them . This is a must have security software !!!!
 I 've often bought programs similar to this one and they did n't work much and were a waste . Not this ! It 's easy , and works ! Useful to see the current connections too . They gave the correct list of default passwords for the routers . It works with the Linksys Range Expander and you can Friend/Foe/Unknown that devise . I was worried it would not work w / my network , spend hours on this , frustation , but none of that ! A charm . Highly recommend !
 Since I 've gotten my dvd burner I 've tried many different programs to copy my dvd 's . I used Nero -LRB- which came with my computer -RRB- and downloaded countless trial versions of software trying to find a program that would let me copy all of my dvd 's . Nero worked great as long as I wanted to make an exact copy and it was under 10 tracks , but any dvd 's I had that had more than that would give me errors . I recently downloaded the trial for dvd copy 4 , and right away I was able to make exact copies of ALL OF MY DVD 'S . I bought the full version off Amazon and in the book it showed me so many different things . It easily let me merge dvd 's , copy the files to my computer , convert the video for my iPod and so much more without any problems . So far this program is the best -LRB- and one of the cheaper -RRB- programs I have seen and I highly recommend it to anyone who is having problems with their dvd burning software .
 ... and our 4-year old daughter gets a kick out of it . Some of the games are a little hard for her , but the target age group is 6-10 so it 's amazing to see some of the stuff that she IS able to do on it . Highly recommend !
 I like the concept for this game . You have to visit various friends and locations to gather ingredients to make cookies . Then you take the ingredients to the cookie factory and use them to make cookies . The cookie making part is great because you can thumb through a `` cookbook '' and choose a recipe for which you have the correct ingredients . This gets kids thinking about how recipes/cookbooks work if they have n't yet had much cooking experience . It is an extremely rudimentary `` cookbook '' but still , the concept is there and this is n't a cooking program anyway . After you choose your recipe , you have to put the ingredients into the cookie making machine and the cookies are make . there are about 10 -LRB- give or take -RRB- different kinds of cookies . When you visit the locations to get the ingredients , you have to play a game to be awarded the ingredients . Some games are very easy , and others -LRB- such as orange collecting at orange blossom acres -RRB- is difficult yet fun . I always have to help my 4 yo with the orange blossom game , but she enjoys watching me figure it out . She can do the rest of the game by herself . She really likes this game.I give it 4 stars because it is a fun game . Not the best ever , but certainly worth the price and I would buy it again and would recommend to others . I would probably give it 4 1/2 stars if that option were available .
 I bought this game for my almost 4 year old and she loves the game , she does n't seem to be tired of it yet . But then , I will admit that she has quite a selection of games so she does n't really ever get bored plus I limit her computer time which makes it even harder for her to get bored of the computer . From my point of view just from helping her get started in the beginning , the game is pretty ok , definitely worth what I paid for it so I do n't regret buying it at all . Usually what will happen though she 'll play this game and then start bugging me to go in the kitchen with her so we can make cookies , cupcakes or a cake . I always let her `` help '' me bake when she wants to but this game intensified that desire so it has actually led to even more quality time with her , so as far as I 'm concerned buying this game was a very good decision .
 I bought this game for my 5 yrs old daughter.The game only works on XP , it 's not a new game.But it 's still cute and fun for little girls.The game teaches kids to solve problem with their creativity.Like collect ingredient from river , make the orange felling from the branches safely . And build a cake house with all kinds of cookie and candy.The themes are simple but cute enough for little girls.The only insufficiency is the activity is few , only 4 . That 's why I give it 4 stars .
 As a small publisher , I find this version still does the trick . I 've played with CS2 , but there is n't much there that is n't in CS1 -- at least for my needs . InDesign is the benchmark for all design software . I 'm able to typeset manuscripts , design covers and interior layout , and package everything to get it ready for the printer . Unless you 're an absolute design genius , CS1 is more than adequate .
 I bought the updated version of Monopoly about a month ago and I 've been impressed with the new features that the sofeware comes with . Not only can you choose different cities , but you can add your own photos , rename the different properties , and add or subtract how much you get each time you pass go . I highly recommend this game . It is worth the money that you will spend to get it .
 Is the new version of Monopoly worth it ? In a word , Yes ! Though I do miss the animations that were in the original Monopoly , this version not only has the new player pieces , but comes with 10 different city boards and allows you to make your own as well ! The interface is user friendly and I would recommend this to any board game fan .
 This game is extremely addictive and excellent so I 'll talk only of its faults . The graphics are decent but the words do n't show up on the gameboard as crisp as I 'd like to see ; that could be just my PC though . There are some minor visual bugs that are annoying but do n't affect gameplay much , such as `` mortgaged '' tabs not appearing on certain properties when appropriate , and the trading screen sometimes does n't change when you tamper with it while the AI opponents enter another trade offer . The interface is excellent except for the fact that the AI opponents interrupt your activities sometimes with trades and house-building , which can be annoying since you ca n't do anything until the AI is done . The AI is not strong since it will let you buy a railroad & utilities monopoly ; also the PC will fall for imbalanced trades such as the player getting a yellow/green set in exchange for say , an orange or light blue set . You should be able to win any number of computers every time with these clues . I went to the website and did n't see any patches or patch news , just some ads for other Hasbro products and some monopoly tournament news . There are only 6 very repetitive soundtracks , which is dissapointing , but the 10 city boards do add variation to each game . The voice acting and token animation are top notch.In conclusion , Monopoly 2 is definitely superior to the boardgame
 This is way better than the first one ! 3-D and colorful . Mr. Monopoly 's voice makes the game funner.Making your own board is easy and fun . Add pictures to your board.Use the 10 included city boards that make Monopoly better.Change the rules of the game like the number of houses , how much turns in jail , and what you get for passing GO and more!This is one of the best games I 've ever bought !
 IF YOU THOUGHT THE FIRST MONOPOLY WAS GOOD , WAIT UNTIL YOU SEE THIS ! I WAS AMAZED BY THE GRAPHICS AND ANIMATION THAT WAS PUT INTO THIS GAME . NOT ONLY CAN YOU PLAY THE CLASSIC GAME , BUT THE 10 CITY VERSIONS ARE ALSO INCLUDED . BELIEVE ME , IT IS WORTH THE MONEY YOU PAY FOR IT . CREATING YOUR OWN PROPERTIES IS ALSO ONE OF THE MANY GREAT FEATURES THIS GAME ALSO HAS .
 Earlier version better as it included board editor where you could create your own street names . Otherwise , still a very enjoyable game .
 I agree with all the other review , I would have liked to seen the orginal PC version , to see the actual propertys.My bug was that the opening sequence seemed to run in ultra slow motion ; I called Hasbro on this and they gave me a bunch of gobbledy-gook , too . If this happens to you , hit the spacebar or escape key until you get to the main menu . Then you 'll be OK and enjoy.About the game play , it is really good translation from the original . For the modern PC/Cd rom ; a great improvement from the DOS version I had for my IBM P/S2 Model 25 AT/XT -LRB- 720 kb -RRB-
 The Monopoly software really enhances the game . It is full of creative animations and also allows you to play on many different boards based on different cities -LRB- I like this feature -RRB- , and also allows you to design your own board and play on it . However , Mr. Monopoly 's commentary becomes annoying after a while , especially his usually stupid comments about what number you rolled . -LRB- You can turn this off though . -RRB- Also , the board on the screen spontaneously rotates in full 3D . This gets me dizzy much of the time . So if you like Monopoly the board game and do n't have motion sickness , you should play this .
 The Monopoly PC game has a lot of features , such as trading , auctions , etc , but to see the board well you 'll want to enable 3D mode . Unfortunatley , that really slows down the game , even on a fast system . Using Monopoly 's online playing seems complex and I 'm not sure if it even works anymore.This game is good for kids and adults alike , though , so a whole family could enjoy it . Also , when you play against a computer you can select how smart it is , which allows you to select a novice AI , moderately skilled AI , or expert AI . Overall , this is a pretty good game .
 I love this game . My only suggestion is that the houses and hotels should look like houses and hotels instead just like the game board tokens . The properties run the spectrum from landfill to high end real estate so it 'd be more fun to see a realistic building -LRB- s -RRB- that corresponds to the property . Even better would be several building styles from which to choose .
 Its typical monopoly . Graphics are good . Takes time -LRB- 20 to 30 seconds -RRB- to load even on a fast pent 3 , 450 , 44x cdrom . The interface is moronic , even for kids . This is NOT MONOPOLY 2 . There is no such thing . . just plain Monopoly . I think this software was written by some beginner programmer , because they do not tell you how to connect online and its confusing until you figure it out , but if you like monopoly this is what you 're stuck with until they actually DO come out with a better version that has a more logical interface . Id say if you like monopoly is worth the 20 bucks .
 One misses the smell of the ` real ` money ! I remember seeing a bit of the original version and quite liked the artists impression of the properties as you landed on them , missing in this version . There 's alot of information on the screen , especially when trading or checking status and think I may need magnifying glasses . However , thoroughly enjoying games with the family that do n't involve leaving a boardgame lying around the floor for days ... can we simulate money smells please ?
 I 've owned this screensaver for about 10 years now , and have enjoyed the images as a screensaver usually once a year or so.However , my current computer is Windows 7 -LRB- 64-bit -RRB- , and even when I set compatibility mode to Windows XP or Windows 98/ME , the installer will not run.The images are all locked in . cab files , so perhaps someone more technically inclined will add a review with an alternate method of unlocking the images.My personal solution is to install the screensaver on my older Windows XP machine -LRB- yes , installs there , but not in compatibility mode on Win7 -LRB- 64-bit -RRB- ! -RRB- and then copy the image files over and use Windows 7 's built-in screensaver to enjoy them.The images are all 1024x768 , which was great when I first purchased it a decade ago , but now almost everyone has a widescreen monitor capable of 1680x1050 -LRB- about 2.5 times bigger -RRB- . My solution is to pick a screensaver animation that applies random motion effects/transitions to the directory with the images , and that way the images do n't look pixellated from zooming to fullscreen.The quality of the images themselves is great for the resolution . I also own one of Lassen 's coffee-table books , and for the price , this collection of 40 images is great.Just keep in mind you might need an older computer to run the installer so you can copy the images onto your personal USB drive and put them on the computer you intend to run the screensaver on . -LRB- Not sure if the software company licenses you to use the images on more than one computer at a time , so I suggest erring on the side of caution by deleting the images/program off the installation computer once you have the images on your one personal computer . Consult an attorney if you want to buy one disc and use the images on multiple computers legally . -RRB- FYI , I contacted Mr. Lassen 's staff a year or two ago to inquire about an updated version of the software -LRB- from any software company -RRB- and they told me there were no plans at that time.I see that Mr. Lassen has a forthcoming 2013 wall calendar and mini-calendar , so perhaps interested fans should go to his website -LRB- Google it -RRB- and send a polite email inquiring about a future release of his screensaver with images large enough to be fullscreen on a 1080p -LRB- 1920x1080 -RRB- monitor.I hope the above comments lead others to sample Mr. Lassen 's work and enjoy it at least as much as I do .
 First of all
 I 'm an exhibit designer so please keep in mind what I use this program for . I do n't use the landscapes except for my personal projects . I do n't do allot of maping or exterior lighting . I love the hot keys and found them easier to use than 4 and love the moving windows and the lighting is spectacular . It 's much faster to get to files and objects . Much more work space and tutorials are great . The only down side is after about a year of using it every day , it seems to be acting a little funny , like a car that needs it 's oil changed or something . Only a handful of times I 've had the program shut down in the middle of a project.I only wish that the the units were much easier converted to inches -LRB- down to the 1/4 '' -RRB- The larger the sceen the longer it takes to render and saving people takes forever.Ove all ... lots of fun and have taught teenagers to use it in an hour.Best , MIke
 I 've read recently that Corel is essentially giving up the fight to win control over the office suite software market . They 're apparently acknowledging that Microsoft Office is the _ de facto _ standard , and are going to be continuing this product line more or less as a legacy commitment to their installed user base . Future upgrades are to be more and more conversion happy , making sure that your Microsoft Office files can be edited in Corel and then exported back to Microsoft without a hitch.Some might see this as an unfortunate abdication , but I tend to view it as a smart choice in a changing situation . In the Windows market , they clearly have been beaten by superior advertising and third-party interest in their Microsoft competitor . It is comparatively difficult , for instance , to find many books to help you unlock the full potential of Quattro . It is also hard to find many specialized spreadsheets for Quattro . This stands in stark contrast to the abundance of instructional materials , plug-ins , and function-specific spreadsheets available for Excel.Happily , this is not the case with Paradox , the included relational database , and Word Perfect . There are more than enough instructional materials around to help you become proficient in these parts of Office 2000 . Both have many devoted followers , and you 'll have no problem quickly getting up to speed with the largely intuitive programs.Out-of-the-box usability is thus a mixed bag . Some parts of the package are well documented , some are obscure , but still Corel has the advantage of the superior product . They also have the advantage of having maneuvered themselves as the first Linux office software solution . And it 's guaranteed to work well in Linux because Corel have developed their own Linux OS.Plus , the Corel website is one of the best and most helpful places to be on the net . Try saying that about Microsoft 's cumbersome , charge-you-around-every-corner site . When you buy a Corel product , you really do become a part of a family of other users who inhabit the ultra-friendly , ultra-useful Corel.com . Beyond that , though , Corel itself puts tons of instructional materials on its website , so you 're likely to find the answers to your questions , if you 're willing to do a little digging . Some with slow web connections might find this arrangement unbearable , and will logically choose Microsoft simply because they can find out how to use the software a little easier . This is an important consideration for some people , but I tend to look more for long term usability , rather than ease of initial use.By choosing to stay in the Windows game by improving their product 's portability , and by more aggressively marketing Word Perfect as _ the _ Linux solution , Corel is playing a smart waiting game . Since the upgrade version of this software is less than $ 200 the risk you might take by joining Corel is a negligible one . It 's affordable enough to be running alongside Microsoft Office , and it 's hedging your bets on Linux ' importance over the next decade . The more you use it , though , the more likely you are to find that you keep opening up because you actually _ want _ to , not because it 's a good investment .
 I do n't know why every one is buying Microsoft Office . People have told me that it 's easier , but , respectively , I know that 's not true ! Microsoft says that WordPerfect is inferior because it is n't WYSIWYG , which they say is because one `` has to '' use the code editing feature to make quality changes . That 's a falicy , because the code editing feature is there to make it so that you can more easily see where the codes start and end and then edit them so that less memory space is taken up with codes . I made the same document in both suites and edited both the best I could after initially making it and the WordPerfect version not only looked better , but was two to three times smaller in the memory it took up . I know that hard drive space is not much of an issue today , but I would think that any conscientious business person would still find ways to save space and money and would certainly like to have better looking documents . So why not give WordPerfect Suite 2000 a chance ? Microsoft may have more options but WordPerfect gives you more power to actually edit your document .
 I am not sure why people insist on leaving bad marks on a game that is a classic when they try to run it on their new PC . Its like trying to play a VCR tape in a toaster ... . The catch is ... you CAN get your Windows XP to play old games . Just go to Microsofts website and download the 45 day trial of their windows 95 emulation ... it lets you play all your classic software . If you like it , the cost is very reasonable . And do n't try using anything but bread in your toaster ... even with a download , it usually ends in quite a mess .
 Several reviews mention the difficulties of running the game in Windows XP , I encountered some difficulties myself ... and here is how to change them.Firstly , do n't autoron the first CD when you first insert it , open up the CD , and right click the TLCTour.exe , in Properties , click to emulate running it in Windows 95 . The game should now install and run fine . There are a few screen glitches , as it changes between the regular setting and the 256 colors of Windows 95 , however , the game runs easily , without needing any downloads , from what I 've seen.On a side note , however , the game seems to rarely actually catch any fish .
 In order to get it to install on Windows XP , you open `` my computer '' and right click on the cd and click `` open '' . You 'll then want to change the way it installs from `` windows 95 '' to `` windows 98/Windows ME '' . Then it will install and play just fine .
 I have played the game before and wanted a newer version , but the one I got is n't compatible with my computer , and I would like to know if I can get another one that I can use with the up dated version that I now have ?
 I bought this game for my computer , but could n't get it to work in my computer . So I gave it to my sister and brother in law . My brother in law got it to work in their computer and I have heard from them that it is a wonderful game .
 This game is the best one that I have ever had ! It is so fun and exciting ! I loved the way the stories got mixed up . It was so funny . Let me tell you . If your looking for a good game for your kids , this is the one to get !!!
 My 4 year old son and 7 year old nephew both love this game . The graphics are great , the story and games are fun and educational . The kids navigate and are able to interact easily . The barnyard life explored is a particular favorite of my son 's - - Oscar delivers the information perfectly ; facts mixed with a slightly quirky , silly manner . Just great .
 This title from the Tivola series is a recurring favorite with my two boys , age 5 and 8 . They have had it for a year , and unlike other games that they play for a couple of weeks and then never touch again , they always come back to this game !! They have learned a great deal about animal behavior and pull it out every couple of weeks to enjoy it . No other software title has had the `` long-lasting '' value that this one has .
 This is the software that is tons of fun and does not pollute your childs imagination ! My kids spend hours playing this one and I like it because they are learning while they are playing in the story . The most important message in the story line is to help your friend in need . The game is rewarding and thus also make your kid feel like they have accomplished something . GOOD STUFF !
 My daughter loves this game ! We have played it many times and she has yet to really tire of it . Surprisingly enough my 2-year old loves watching and playing along too . A great game with a gentle spirit and a sense of fun .
 My 4 yo kid loves it and it makes him practice his French . He makes up dialogs around the story and asks whenever he does n't know the meaning of a particular word . Perfect . I was afraid of the quality of the CD-Rom since we bought a used copy , but it runs just fine .
 This is the software that is tons of fun and does not pollute your childs imagination ! My kids spend hours playing this one and I like it because they are learning while they are playing in the story . The most important message in the story line is to help your friend in need . The game is rewarding and thus also make your kid feel like they have accomplished something . GOOD STUFF !
 Forget the overhyped and clunky Creative Suite 2 - the first Creative Suite -LRB- released in 2003 -RRB- is STILL the best collection of apps for serious graphic designers.Photoshop CS simply ca n't be beat - and this is the last version of Photoshop that does n't have strange things happening to your Layers palette or the placement and options of your tools around the screen.Illustrator CS is amazing as the typography features have been improved substantially over version 10 . With the new 3D feature even untrained 3D-wannabee artists can try to make their designs * pop * off the page more using it!Indesign is no longer the buggy , dodgy mess that it used to be . Now a reliable and intuitive page playout program , there is no reason for you to ever start up Quark again.Golive is still the finest WYSIWYG HTML editor on the market , and is far simpler to use than Macromedia -LRB- er , Adobe now -RRB- Dreamweaver . Unlike Golive CS2 , this version does NOT take forever to start up.Acrobat 6.0 Pro is also included in the bundle , but as many actual users of it know , there 's not a whole lot to it . It 's good to have with the rest of the programs but hardly a big selling point . And Version Cue ? Nice to play with , but not too essential to productivity.Finally , the best thing about the original Creative Suite over CS2 is the LACK of Adobe Bridge . That horrible app is a resource hog and takes the place of Photoshop 's old file browser . People should avoid CS2 if only because of that programming abomination.So there it is folks - an overview of the best software collection ever released ... Adobe 's Creative Suite !
 The Adobe Creative Suite is a great product which is easy to learn and use . Creativity is limitless once you learn the tools and become adept at it . Also the shortcuts are invaluable .
 Wonderful artwork and very magical effects ! Great choice for the under 6 crowd but may get a bit boring for older kids . My 7 year old still enjoys it but may play with it for a very short time . Still worth it for its story book feel . I really like this title . It was worth the wait !
 One word
 I wuv this program , very nice . Much better than Winforms and I am even member of company ! Very nice , yes . Very nice .
 The Master Genealogist is a great genealogy tool to record all your family information . TMG as it 's known by in the industry , lets you store unlimited events per person and cite unlimited number of sources on that event . You can records multimedia exhibits as well as research notes along with all your names , dates and places . Wholly Genes has the benchmark technology for importing data from other databases as well as the GEDCOM format . Even if you 're currently using another piece of software , TMG will probably be able to import it directly.The reports output by TMG are very customizable as to the sentences output as well as the format of the report . Even though there is a long list of items that can be customized , TMG comes configured so that there are defaults for all the reports and settings . Learn as little or as much as you like about customizing tags -LRB- events -RRB- , sentences , and report formats . The charts include fan , descendants , pedigree , and hourglass charts as well as several ` book ' formats for genealogy narratives . The outstanding chart-printing program allows you to tweak the output to fit onto pages and add photographs or other graphics . These are great for family reunions.Other tools include a master place list , relationship calculator , and date calculator . The master place list alone has greatly assisted me in cleaning up the place names in my database ! You still have trouble remembering what 6th cousin 2 times removed means ? Then use the relationship calculator on any two people in the database and let it do the tree climbing . The date calculator is always handy to figure out the birth date from the tombstone or obituary that says age
 I have been using The Master Genealogist , -LRB- which we all call TMG -RRB- for over five years . I picked TMG as my genealogy program because it offers me a way to enter every piece of relevant genealogical information , and record the source of that information . It also permits me to keep track of conflicting information , and even information that is known to be in error.The current version of TMG -LRB- version 4.0 d -RRB- takes some getting used to because was written for an older version of Windows . But it is still head and shoulders above the competition . There is a new version on the way . For a preview you might want to check out Family Tree SuperTools.But do n't wait ! If you are just starting out , or if you are switching from another program , you wo n't go wrong if you join us satisfied users of TMG.Two of the biggest benefits of buying TMG are that you will find a great group of users in the online TMG mailing list at Rootsweb , and you will find , if you happen to need it , excellent user support from Wholly Genes . Most people never need to contact technical support.My advice to both beginning and experienced genealogists
 If you are looking for a full-featured genealogy program which provides maximum flexibility in documenting the sources of information , you can not beat this product . You have a wide variety of reporting options that should fill anyone 's needs.You such options as incorporating your own definitions of items to include in documenting a persons life as well as their wording on reports.The fact that many professional genealogists use this program says a lot for it .
 If you care about your genealogical data - how it is recorded , how it is displayed , and the tools you have to work with it - you need The Master Genealogist . It offers unparalleled control of data entry , recording of sources , and formatting of reports and charts . Get it `` your way . '' Offers tracking of research tasks , and colored accenting of people entered by criteria you define , and much , much , more . If you want the best , this is it !
 that is what I was told . . and it was true . I do use the Gold Edition of both 4.0 d and the new 5.0 versions with WinXP and I have zero problems . The most unique feature of TMG is that it will allow you to chronologically record ANY piece of information ... it does not take a program modification to create a new field as TMG is ` event ' oriented , therefore , any event can be recorded in full with date , location , all individuals who were present at the event , individual notes and even will allow you to create a different sentence structure to be output to narrative reports . Some people think TMG is more difficult to learn but it is only because we are used to having a special field for each item . . this is truly the most flexible genealogy software available . I have used PAF , Brother 's Keeper , Family Tree Maker , Roots . . and a couple I do n't even remember . I would NEVER leave TMG . . it just gives me everything I need . . and has definitely made me a better genealogist .
 I have used this program since it came out and while it does involve a little more thought in learning it , totally worth learning all it can do . Just plain Phenomenal !
 Wholly Genes has given up a glimpse of what 's to come in the next version of The Master Genealogist v. 5.0 ! Family Tree SuperTools lives up to its name as the premier utility for genealogical data exchange . Want to share your genealogy database with a cousin ? You use different software ? Then buy SuperTools . It imports data from most genealogy software into projects where you can compare the data and print beautiful charts.Import as little as 1 database or as many as you like -LRB- limited only by your disk space ! -RRB- . The charts include fan , descendants , pedigree , and hourglass charts . The chart-printing program allows you to tweak the output to fit onto pages and add photographs or other graphics . These are great for family reunions.If you own The Master Genealogist you have the best tool to set up data to be used by SuperTools , but it handles GEDCOM as well as native formats of so many different genealogy programs ! The screens are highly customizable and then you can save the layouts . This saves time when you want to see different windows with different types of projects . Other tools include a master place list , relationship calculator , and date calculator . The master place list alone has greatly assisted me in cleaning up the place names in my database ! You still have trouble remembering what 6th cousin 2 times removed means ? Then use the relationship calculator on any two people in the database and let it do the tree climbing . The date calculator is always handy to figure out the birth date from the tombstone or obituary that says age
 This program is great . Unlike many other genealogy programs , it can do many things that others ca n'tFor starters , it can read -LRB- directly -RRB- data from a number of other programs -LRB- TMG , FTM & PAF among others -RRB- without having to be re-entered or without using an intermediate file -LRB- GEDCOM -RRB- . It can create slide shows of the entire family to display during family reunions from its own files and/or from other files on the computer . The charts that can be created are excellent and can even be modified as desired by moving , adding , or deleting information on the chart after it is generated and before it is printed . The chart program used to produce the charts is an included free standalone program that is one of the better graphics programs available and by itself is worth the price of Family Tree SuperTools.My main use of this program is as a gift to some of my relatives and friends who do n't use The Master Genealogist -LRB- TMG -RRB- . This way they can read my data from TMG and compare it with their data from another program . A number of them have switched permanently to TMG which has even more capability than Family Tree SuperTools . But all have said they like this program.As for Customer SERVICE , I got it when I called the vendor for help . One relative happend to ask a question on the RootsWeb mailing list for Family Tree SuperTools and they received a phone call within an hour . Of course , not everyone will get service like that , but it impressed me .
 This two-in-one tool provides both analysis and display of your family history data . It lets you import your data directly from many popular programs - there 's no loss of data from GEDCOM transfers . You can import several different databases - yours , those received from cousins , and those downloaded from the Internet - and keep them separate so you can examine and compare them.Analysis tools include side-by-side display , filters , color coding using a variety of user-defined criteria , and Internet searches . You can compare names , dates , facts , and sources from different databases . Or you can search your own data for people in specific places or times to look for connections . Just being able to color-code people who are ancestors of a given person , lived in a given town or state , or the like , turns the display itself into an analysis tool.As for output , my favorite is the variety of highly customizable `` box charts '' - Ancestor charts , Descendant charts , Fan charts , and more , each with seemingly endless numbers of options . And once the chart is generated , you can edit it further , moving , adding , or deleting elements , to get just what you want . You can print them on your own printer , or send them to the Company 's printing service for beautiful wall-size charts at reasonable cost . I 've had some done for my own walls , and given them as gifts to family members . They loved them!Multi - media is n't my thing , but if it 's yours , you can create `` slideshows '' with photos , sounds , and other media which you can display or send to others . The media files can be either in your genealogy data or elsewhere on your computer.All in all , a very useful tool at a reasonable price .
 I 've used Family tree supertools since shortly after it came out . It is a utility that any user can add to their bag of tools whether to get a different set of reports or to review their family history data in a different light . It is a sensational add-on to almost all programs.Wholly Genes works hard to please their customers and this program , like their others , is a worthwile addition to your ancestor research tools .
 I have used IMHO the absolute BEST Genealogical program there was ever made . This program adds extras to your genealogical tools in searching out your past family details .
 software was an exceptional value and a wonderful tool.We were able to keep an eye on our computer savvy teens while they surfed the net.It was easy to setup , and to understand . Invisible to the users of the computer equipment and gave us multiple opportunities to set different ways to capture the information we needed.We found that the parental controls with in our internet access did not provide the protection and monitoring for the instances of Instant Messages or if the youth created an additional e-mail account from a free e-mail provider.This software allowed us to track instant messages between ... -LSB- an individual -RSB- and our child . The information from the screen shots as well as the key stroke report provided the authorities the information and documentation to capture and convict this individual.Only problem we had was that once you viewed the reports and screen shots , the directions said that you could hide the software access point but we found when we closed the setup screen the application shutdown and we had to reboot to reactivate the application.Online help was helpful but at times , written for those more computer savvy then we are .
 QuietEye is an excellent computer monitoring program for parents who want to see what their children see on the Internet and what type of email and chat dialogue they are sending and receiving . It operates exactly as it claims to . It is simple to install and easy to use , even for the novice . It runs completely unseen , and the file , if you can find it in your programs list , does not give any clue as to what type of software it is . Therefore , your teens will never suspect they 're being monitored . The reporting pages and snapshots are clear and easy to understand . I highly recommend it .
 Living in the city , my two teenage daughters are exposed to everything and everyone . Using this program has allowed me to `` double check '' on them and what they tell me is going on in their lives . If something happened to them by an online predator or anything else , this allows me to go instantly to what `` I see '' as invaluable information . Safe than sorry I guess.I did have to use some support , but it was prompt and I was up and running . If anyone is looking for a useful program at a good price , I can recommend this .
 What I like about Quiet Eye is my teenager has no idea it is there . Even when you look at the Programs folder , its not visible . However , if you set a password , then your child will obviously know its there . My teen chats online and I was concerned who she was spending so much time with , so now I see EXACTLY what is being said to who , using the screen-shots feature . Another feature is keystrokes -LRB- although its called something else -RRB- , which enables you to see text-based shots as well pass email passwords and any other key words your child types . I had a little trouble after I first installed it , because I could n't get it to open . It took a few restarts and there it was . It does however , lock up frequently when I try to delete screen-shot logs -LRB- they take up a lot of memory -RRB- . Overall , definitely worth the price .
 I 've used this program for over a year . It works great ! It remains hidden in the background and when called up by the proper keystrokes -LRB- alt-shft-q -RRB- becomes visable . It captures screenshots at predetermined time intervals or when keywords are typed . The keywords can be anything you choose such as profanity , drug terminology or anything else . You can view the snapshots and get kids passwords to view their email from another location . It groups the snapshots into `` sessions '' . A session is the time between you logon to the computer and logoff . If you never log off you will have hundreds of pages of snapshoots to view.It works fine with Windows XP , but you have to disable the feature that allows multiple users to be logged in at the same time.The only problem I have is it has selection to delete multiple screen snapshots . That function has never worked for me , I must delete each snapshot `` group '' individually.It also has a feature that will pop up to alert the user when a keyword has been typed . It can also be set to show that it is activly monitoring the system . I do n't think this will work as our kids are getting pretty savy and would figure out how to disable the program . I think it works best when hidden so we can watch what they are doing and where they are going.If your a parent that wants to know what your children are doing on the internet or with the computer , this is the program for you .
 So far , I am happy with this product . There were a few minor problems during installation , but nothing too serious . Once the program was up , it only took a matter of a few minutes to get all of the features working . I am curious as to how the program will effect system resources on certain settings . So far , I would say that this program does what it was made for . The image captures are a little blurry but it is still clear enough to see exactly what kind of web sites the browser has been to .
 Using this software we were able to see that our child was being coerced by a coach to engage in sexual activities . We were able to prevent the worst from happening . Every parent should have this software .
 I bought the software a year or so ago.I liked it . . the only problem was when I had a problem with my PC . . I had to re-format . I re-loaded Quiet Eye and uninstalled several times . . It keeps getting an error message.I emailed the company . . and to this day ... no response !
 I find this product very good and easy to use . I had another product before that blocked web sites and it slowed down my computer very much . This program is like its not there . It hides . And spies . So I know what is going on my computer when I am away . Gracias .
 Its old school but MAX was fun to play with !!
 Although he sometimes turns the phrase you said into something different , this is a great game for both young and old . That is why I give this product a whopping 4 stars !
 I reported a problem on my first review on my order and now I would like to add to my negative review of the company , Tech for Less . I reported that while the program was fine , the box it came in was squashed and led me to wonder if this was a used program . I paid for a a new one . Amazon sent the review to Tech for Less and within 1 business day Tech for Less sent me an email apologizing for the condition of the box and refunded my payment . I applaud the handling of this and would recommend them .
 This program is a superior value for the money . The output is well above its ancestor -LRB- Raydream Studio 5.5 -RRB- . The interface is very simple -LRB- even easier than Poser -RRB- . It has two drawbacks . First , the manual is in PDF format on disk -LRB- this always sucks -RRB- . Second , there is a limit on image size -LRB- think about using it for web page graphics , only -RRB- . The Eovia website does NOT do this program true justice . However , they hide the fact that it will only make web graphics . feh . BUY IT ANYWAYS . When I think of those sad dorks using POVray , my heart swells with pity ... I can do in ten minutes what used to take hours of blood , sweat and tweaking.It takes some brains to make 3D graphics , so do n't get too discouraged . Once you get past the learning curve , though , oh man ... it 's a sweet , sweet little package for creating 3D graphics and even animations .
 I purchased Carrara 3D Basics for a Middle School class in Advanced Technology where 3D Animations will be one of 18 modules the students can choose from . I needed something that would let them quickly see the end product but have enough depth to let them explore as much as their time and talent allows . It fits this requirement perfectly . Students can follow the Quick Tour and build a working 3D animation within the three week time frame of a module . Advanced students can go on to specialize and it has the depth and complexity to let them explore and learn for several weeks . The 3dXtract ezine and forum is a highly valuable resource and I am deeply indebted to them for their tutorials .
 I bought this as practice for my 8-year-old granddaughters who took typing in school this year . Have only had it a few days , but they are glued to it during their free computer time . It enourages touch-typing and accuracy.We 've found only one flaw . One of the girls pressed the back-arrow to see what would happen and she lost several chapters of the work she had completed . I 'm not sure what caused the glitch -- expect it was operator error , but could n't identify it.They are having a lot of fun practicing , and they are improving speed and accuracy in a short time . I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because I think a children 's program should make it difficult to wipe out completed work . If it were n't for that , I would give it 5 stars .
 My son had never really typed before and he failed the first typing test a few times . I thought he was just going to give it up . But he had lost his computer game privileges for a few days and asked to play the typing game . Longing for computer stimulation , he really got into it and was soon playing the games offered in the software . I like the emphasis on correct finger placement , offered in a fun way , and the fact that the games only test kids on the keys they have already learned . Well worth it .
 My 8 year old loves it , and I see how pretty fast she is using correct finger placement -LRB- unlike me . . -RRB- and getting faster at typing . I think that the way the software is setup , combining games with learning is perfect.We 've tried others , like the disney one in the past , and they never held her interest .
 My 9 yr old son enjoyed it at first , seems like playing a game . He has now figured out that he is `` learning '' and it is n't as much fun . It does teach typing , but I wish there was more mandatory practice before moving on to the next group of letters and more emphasis on proper posture/sitting/finger position . Overall , I 'm glad I purchased it and my son is learning how to type without hunting and pecking .
 I bought Typing Instructor for Kids 3 for my 4 year old son . The product is recommended for children age 7 and up . As a result , I let him know it was available , but I really did n't expect him to touch it for a few years . I do NOT recommend children so young using any typing software , as their hands are not big enough for the keys . With that said , here is what happened ... My son got sick for several days and I was running out of quiet things for him to do , so I allowed him more time on the computer . He eventually came across the Typing Instructor for Kids 3 disk and has been glued to it ever since.The program does need to be run from an administrator account when using Windows XP . Since my son knows the rules of the computer AND follows them , this was n't a problem for me , but it might be a problem for other families.I noticed in some reviews that there were complaints about not enough rewards/games . This is due to user error , not the product . There are actually 3 islands
 This is a pretty neat program , even for adults . We used it to introduce our nephew to touch typing and he made a lot of progress in two weeks , after he got past the not so intuitive opening bits . -LSB- Best to just jump past them . -RSB- Then I tried it to touch up my own typing skills -- worked well . The `` kids stuff '' is sort of fun once you get to a certain age , and the key thing is the keyboard exercise .
 I have had a hard time finding learning softwear that works on newer computers , but this one runs fine . My 8 year old will play this game so it ca n't be to bad .
 This is a great product for teaching your children how to type . Keeps them entertained . Just make sure you get the version that works for Vista . This version does not .
 My 9 yo liked this a lot , and found it fun to `` play '' . Very cute graphics , and has good drills .
 Good educational software , and fun to learn . Both my 7-year-old boy and his 10-year-old friend like it .
 Since I updated from Word 95 to 98 in October , 2000 , I have had a great deal of difficulty accessing a usable list from the built-in Thesaurus ; plus I discovered that the dictionary is not nearly as complete and easy to use as in the previous version of Word.I am a writer , and though I own twenty or so dictionaries in hard back , I required a tool that was easier to carry with me on the road than my back breaking load of books . I needed access to the many varieties of words and their second or third meaning , as well as other words with similar meanings . Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary & Thesaurus program link directly into Word ; so , with the click of the button I have a thorough and user-friendly link to my Word World.I also am an Editor . It is imperative that I know what the meaning is of a word that one of my client uses , so if it is unfamiliar or not obvious , I now have the means to quickly review alternative definitions and edit a work with the writer 's choice in mind.This is an excellent program from a renown source . The only aspect that bothers me is that when I click on a word in my document , the program inserts it again and adds a paragraph break ; this means that once I check it I then have to make the correction manually by both retyping the misspelled word and deleting the second entry and line break.This caused me to give it a 4 star rather than 5 rating .
 In writing papers , sermons , even letters , I 've found this resource to be invaluable as a `` quick check '' to be sure I 'm using a word correctly , look for a better word , or check my spelling . As for features offered , the program gets five stars in my book . The problem is that Merriam-Webster has apparently taken their Windows version of the program , with all of the clunky , non-intuitive interfacing that goes with that platform , and simply `` tweaked '' the code to make it work on a Mac.A few examples :1 . Once you 've searched for a word , you have to double-click in the entry box and delete the first word before you can begin typing a new search word -- whereas Mac standards dictate that you 'd simply Tab back to the field to select all and start again .2 . There 's no hot key to toggle between the Dictionary and Thesaurus searches , or between the Basic Search , Advanced Search , and Browse functions -- you have to choose these features with pop-up menus and tab buttons .3 . When you launch the application , it opens a window that is pre-configured for a 17 '' monitor . No problem on my desktop G3 -- but on my iBook the window is partially off the screen , so I have to shift the window manually to see all of it . Furthermore , though the window frame resizes , the CONTENTS of the window do NOT resize -- and there are no scroll bars to see information that may be hidden if you shrink the window too far . -LRB- NOTE
 As a college student , I am required to read many books and accomplish quite a few difficult assignments . This software allows quick and easy access to understanding words that I often come accross that I am not always certain of the meanings . I am too rushed for time to stop and look up words such as `` purfle '' and `` obdurate '' , but can easily and quickly look them up with this software . I am around many different computers on and off campus but most of them do not have this software available . I consider myself lucky to have access to the Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary & Thesaurus on my home computer .
 This loaded easily and quickly into my i book . The collegiate dictionary is excellent and the pronunciations are helpful and standard pronunciations . The search functions are great . My complaint
 The Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary & Thesaurus computer program -LRB- on CD -RRB- is an excellent value . This program is very useful for anyone who types a lot on his/her computer or is a writer . This software is very easy to use . Once you install the dictionary you can get started right away with searching for words . The interface is intuitive and simple , and there are a huge number of words to search from.There are also many valuable options that come with this program . You can look up homophones and synonyms . If you have a jumbled word like `` DOIMSW '' you can quickly use the option for `` Jumble '' option and find out that the word is `` WISDOM '' -LRB- or if you have letters like `` RETINAS '' you 'll find numerous words -RRB- . You can search for words that rhyme with each other . You can even search for words from specific dates -LRB- like 1777 -RRB- . If you do n't know the exact spelling of the word there 's a few neat options that you can learn to find words -LRB- involving special characters like * , & , ^ , ! -RRB- . This dictionary also is very convenient because you do n't need the CD to run the dictionary . You can just install it and then quickly use the program anytime . If you want to hear pronunciations , however , you need to use the CD unless you install all the sound . The pronunciation guide is very useful and the sound is realistic.The dictionary provides both entertainment and education for me . I find myself just playing around with the program , typing in random letters to see if there 's a jumble , looking up synonyms , listening to the pronunciations for vulgar words , and just browsing the vast number of entries . I 'm confident that buying this dictionary is a wise investment .
 An excellent doctoral professor recommended Merriam-Webster because it 's the standard for APA and other professional associations . Most importantly , Merriam-Webster provides linguistically correct definitions as opposed to politically correct definitions like some of the other more conservative dictionaries .
 This is one of the most usefull pieces of software I 've purchased in recent memory . I find myself opening this program constantly .
 I 've been using this for sometime , and until now , I 've found all the words I was looking for . I used to have Encarta dictionary and I feel that both Encarta and Merriam-Websters are equally good - both have a thesaurus and both have audio of the pronounciations . Some words have examples of proper usage in a sentence - but I would have been more satisfied if all the words had it . Not a big problem for me since I tend to look up words as soon as I see them in an article -LRB- is ` nt that one of the main reasons that you get a CDROM version of the dictionary - so that you dont slack off ?! -RRB- . Definitely much more bang for the buck than Encarta dictionary -LRB- > $ ... for the deluxe pack that includes the dictionary -RRB- .
 I like this product very much . It offers different ways to screen for results , such as rhyming or jumble making it useful this way for crossword solving . The definitions and synonyms found are hyperlinked . Most words are also pronounced which makes this program especially beneficial to those who speak English as a second language . While it does n't offer itself as more than a dictionary/thesaurus , would like to have a more complete reference tool - atlas , encyclopedia , etc. .
 I really like the more academic approach to this dictionary and thesaurus . I did n't need the audio pronunciations , but the search capabilities and cross references are very useful for the editing work I do . My only problem was that the macros did n't work . There are supposed to be macros that create a button on either the toolbar or in the tools menu for WordPerfect . They would not install , so I 'll just keep the program open on another window . The macro would have been nice , though .
 An absolutely `` Complete '' Bible . All the information needed for Bible study , including information on each chapter , maps , in depth information on people of the Bible . I use it over and over again.Complete Multimedia Bible
 I was wary at first of buying this because of only one sketchy amazon review.Aside from the cheesy country music that plays during the lessons every now and then , this is an excellent program that makes complex topics in united states history very simple . I wish they had this for every school subject . The quizzes with 100 multiple choice questions per disc -LRB- 6 discs in all -RRB- are great review , and the questions are very SAT II-like . One warning though , you wo n't find every single topic in u.s. history . This software only culls the most prevalent topics in high school courses.The old-ness of this program and its interface make this and its ancillaries -LRB- dictionary + encyclopedia -RRB- very easy to use . All you have to do is plug and play .
 United States History
 You wish the publishers could indicate the years of production and the original titles . These 4 CDs , featuring the renaissance , romanticism , the pre-modern era , and the 20th century , were part of the 10 CDs of History Through Art , starting with Ancient Greece , copyrighted by Zane Publishing Co. 1994-96 . At that time they were considered highly valuable tools , essential for any school libraries . Now they are somewhat dated in the technology and design . The pictures are of slightly poorer quality , but quite acceptable . Besides numerous slides of paintings , sculptures , architecture and photos , there are brief narrations and text encyclopedias . You get a lot of interesting information , especially the historical background . There is lovely background music that matches each period of art . These 4 CDs are still very worthwhile for information and enjoyment . The price is reasonable . -LRB- They cost twice as much if you buy them separately from Fogware Publishing . -RRB- Please note the following in small print on each CD . `` Product not licensed for use in schools , colleges , or public libraries . '' The copyright date is 2000 , which is misleading .
 This is a very extensive set of information on CD covering states and national parks . I 'd highly recommend it for students as well as adults interested in the great USA .
 United States Geography is a 10 CD set containing thousands of images , hours of multimedia presentations , over a thousand questions and answers , and a electronic glossary . It features the following regions
 Excellent program . Easy to use - to create or edit DVD movies - if burned on DVD+R / W disc.Easy to create animated chaptersChoose NTSC or PAL format - will play on most home theater players
 I have been using the try before you buy copy . And so far it has done everything that I have asked of it . I look forward to using the full version . I really like the fact that I do not have to use a menu with it . Which makes it like using a VCR and having the tape autoplay when you put it in . Menus are good if you are wanting to add extra stuff . But make no sense to me if you are only putting a movie on the DVD . I also found it easier to edit the beginning and ending of a movie . I look forward to using more of the features .
 Works well with settop DVD recorded disks used as the source . My only complaint is that it is very hard on the fingers to hold the mouse buttons while searching thru videos . But of course this is n't a $ 600 program either !
 ULEAD Movie Maker 3 was part of the software package when I purchased my computer . Everyone swears by Nero , but I have found ULEAD to be extremly user frienly and simple . I have had no problems with burns . After reading the comments I feel fortunate to have the software meet my needs . I downloaded the trail of Nero and after one use I removed it from my computer . I 'm ordering ULEAD 4 only because I want to share the program with several computers and prefer the most recent version on my Lap Top.FYI
 I 've tried 3 other DVD editing programs . None of them can hold a candle to Ulead . It is the only one I 've found that can work with . vob files . It 's editing functions allow for precise , absolute control .
 I Have My Own Video Production Business And Have Used Several DVD Authoring Software . MovieFactory 4 Is A Steal For The Price That ULEAD Charges . You Can Customized Your Menus With Your Own Photos And Music , Move Menus Around , And Choose From Over 50 Templates . I Edit My Movies In Adobe Premiere Elements -LRB- The Cheaper Version Of Adobe Premiere -RRB- And Then Transfer It To MovieFactory 4 For More Control Over The DVD Menus . My Customers Love The Personalized Menus That I Create For Them ; Wow ! If Only They Knew That The Program That I Use Cost About The Same Price That I Charge Them For The Customized Menus.VideoMaker19@Yahoo.Com
 I was using Trend Micro PC-Cillin and kept having viruses . I could not figure out why until I read an article in PC World that told that Trend does not detect or remove spyware/adware . Knowing that viruses can come in with spyware/adware I realized that my problem was in part the protection I bought . Taking a friend 's advice who sets up computer systems and networks them for a living I bought the stand alone Norton Bundle of Anti Virus and Personal Firewall . I must say I have never been more pleased than I have with Norton . It has kept me protected solidly and I feel it was worth every penny and do not forsee ever switching again . Being told by a co worker i was not smart to have switched from Trend I decided to double check some of Norton 's scan reports by doing the free scan at the trend site and the program that before was telling me i had all these viruses was now backing up what Norton told me and saying i was totally clean . Go figure . It might be not as easy to install or use as Trend claims to be but when you want computer protection you want SOLID protection not just the easiest thing to use .
 We use this at work and it is by far the best antivirus program out there . At home , I use the Macintosh version . The best I can say is that there are so many virii on the Window 's platform you 'd be silly not to have something like this installed . If you 're tired of virii , worms , trojans , spyware , etc. . . , there is another solution . Get a Mac . The piece of mind you get knowing that the operating system is nearly impossible to infect or crack outweighs the tiny learning curve in switching to a different operating system . How many virii have I gotten at my Mac at home in the last 6 months ? Zero . How many at work ? At least one a week via email . Even our CIO -LRB- Information officer -RRB- is putting in a proposal as I write this to migrate the entire server and desktop system to the Mac OS X platform , and we 're a fortune 500 company . The money saved alone in downtime from systems getting infected -LRB- if you ca n't work , you ca n't produce ! -RRB- , more than pays for the minor expense of making the switch . NAV is good . But unless you keep your virus definitions up to date , you 're asking for a heap of trouble . And how many users really take the time to update their definitions even when the program prompts them to do so ? I can count them on one hand .
 This software is very well done -- exactly as software should be . The basic features that get you 75 % of the way there are completely intuitive , really without using the manual . You can quickly adjust brightness levels of photos , crop , etc.But behind these simple but powerful starter features are an incredible range of really powerful photo editing tools . I just created an photo party invitation with a picture of our 4 year old and used layers to make it look like the cover of a popular magazine . The help files for the more complex features -LRB- texturing , text additions , rotations , etc. -RRB- are very clear and easily searched.This is a `` killer app '' for photo manipulation , at a great price . I highly recommend it for anyone with a digital camera .
 I disagree with the previous reviewer that said Photoshop Album included in the Photoshop Elements bundle was bad . I am a new digital camera user , and I have been very impressed by both packages in the bundle . Album uses `` Tags '' which you can attach to your pictures , making it possible to easily sort your pictures by topic , person , date , event , etc. . For example , we recently went to the circus , and I imported my pictures to Photoshop Album , and assigned the tags . So , now I can sort out all of the circus pictures from my other pictures , or can sort by date , or by animals , or by family members who went to the circus . With this kind of power , you do n't need to worry about where the files are in your directory ! Photoshop Album will do some basic editing , and Elements will do advanced editing , and is very helpful in sizing your pictures for printing . I highly recommend both Photoshop Album and Elements . Well worth the money !
 I love the photoshop elements for the features it offers to a casual photo enthusiast like myself . As for Photoshop album that it came bundled with , I ca n't say the same . I have been a long time ACDsee user and I found Album 's file organization structure really awkward to use . ACDsee allows you to see photos as well as other files in their folders and directory trees . If you know how to use Windows , you know how to use ACDsee . Photoshop allows you to see only image files and arranges them in a calendar chronicle order . This is a problem when you need to delete or transfer photographs in between different directory locations . In short , Album might be a good image viewer , but it fails pretty bad when you need to use it for photographs organization . Actually , Album is not as good as ACDsee as a image viewer either because it takes longer to cache and display images . Still loving Photoshop Elements though , just do n't pay extra for the album .
 I would highly recommend this product , and Amazon offers the best deal . This verison of Photoshop is less bells and whistles , but extremely user friendly , especially for the novice phot-imager or seniors , especially .
 I TRIED BUYING FROM OTHER SOURCES AND HAD BAD EXPERIENCES , I JUST WAIT FOR SELLERS ON AMAZON TO HAVE WHAT I NEED . I 'M VERY PLEASED WITH THE EXPEDIENCY WITH WHICH EVERYTHING WAS HANDLED . I WISH ALL ON LINE PURCHASING TURNED OUT THAT WELL.THANKS TO ALL , BOB
 I 've used this Photoshop 2.0 since January 2007 , since it was originally loaded on my Sony Vaio desktop tower when the PC was new in 2004 . I went from film to digital at the beginning of '07 and have been using 2.0 nearly 4 years now . I 've used Elements 6 , CS and Lightroom also , but find Elements 2.0 to be also highly dependable , and not as difficult as the newer -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- programs might lead you to believe . Even though I have the later versions still available , I really prefer the 2.0 ! My Vaio went down in July due to a bad capacitor on the mother board , and happily the 2.0 version is still out there at a few locations .
 I do a lot of amature photography . I run older operating systems I had to restore my computer do to a virus . I had lost my old adobe disc . I was thrilled to get the one from you in excellant condition at a very good price . It arrived at my home a few days after I ordered it ! Thanks again .
 Good product on Windows , but did not work for me on Mac OS-X Leopard . Hence the 4 stars . Finally had to uninstall , even after getting `` help '' from tech support . Got Gimp instead -LRB- for free , and just about as good as Elements -RRB- .
 I have owned The Book on CD Rom for a couple of years now , and think it is truly awesome . There are many study helps on it , and also a journal , for personal use . There are beautiful photos of places in the Bible and also a daily One Year Bible guide , where if followed , by the end of a year you will have read the entire Bible . I very highly recommend it , for new Christians , and for those of us who have been in God 's Word for years . God Bless Everyone !! If you purchase this item , I am certain you will enjoy it .
 This item is excellent , It 's very easy to use , has some very good features like pronouncing words at the click of a button , which as you know the Bible is full of tough ones , also individual word meaning at the click of the same button . I find it an excellent value for the money I put into it .
 I highly recommend this product for meal planning . I get recipes from my Cooking Light subscription and to avoid piling up the paper around the house , I enter in the recipes by copy/pasting -LRB- from the CL website -RRB- into this database , including the nutritional info . You do have to manually enter the ingredients , because it 's in a database format.Here are some top reasons to buy :1
 I purchased this primarily because it was inexpensive and had meal planning functions I was looking for . it does what I need and I get recipe updates whether I need them or not .
 If you have ever looked in a printed Atlas , you will note that for Africa , South America , and SE Asia , the countries are so small you can hardly find them . At least Goode 's World Atlas is that way . This software shows each country on a full screen and shows the roads and railroads . If it is a large country such as Argentina , the map of the country is scrollable . When you bring up the country there is an index of the cities and geographic features shown to the left . Scroll down to the feature you want to find and click on it and behold , it is place on the screen and a bright red circle placed around it . That sure beats trying to find it using a magnifying glass and longitude and latitude . Another nice feature of this atlas is that when you select the country from the index , the country is displayed and to the left an index of pertinent data about the country . You can display the monthly temperture ranges in C or F. Monthy rainfall in in . or cm . Number of cars per 1000 population , number of PC 's , number of TV 's and a wealth of other information . Please note that some of this data such as the number of PC 's is not known for all countries.Do you want to know how far it is from one place to another within a country . Click on the first place and then click on the second and the milage is given . Not bad . I compared the number of place names on the map of Paraguay with the Goode 's map of Paraguay . There were 50 % more place names and feature names given.Now for the critique . The interface is a bit bazar . Definitely not standard . When you start up the program , it displays a video of the earth with some unappriate music playing . Gee , who wants to watch a video of the earth to music . I guess some VP must have designed that . I sat there staring at the thing for about 10 seconds wondering how I get to the atlas . Finally , I clicked on the video and wa la it took me to the atlas . Now there are no maps of oceans and no maps of territories such as Greenland . This is a real failing for a world atlas . But this write up is for version I . When you try to connect to DK 's home page from the atlas , you get a message that the page is no longer available.Other than the flaws mentioned , this is a great product and vastly better than all but the really expensive -- $ 100 printed atlas .
 As with most things , you 'll get out of this whatever you put into it . This is n't osmosis , and you 'll have to work -- but the efforts will pay off . I 'm using it on 2 different Mac systems , and I have no problems whatsoever . Interface is intuitive , everything is easy to follow -- all you have to do is commit to the process and let it do its thing . Before you know it , you 'll notice that the language really is seeping into your head , and you 'll start to notice yourself speaking in your mind what you 're seeing around you.Commit to a routine schedule , daily if possible , to make sure you do n't spend too much time away from the process . Also , give it time , and do n't get frustrated if you have to go slow or keep redoing lessons -- just redo whatever you need to , knowing that you 'll learn it all the better the next time through .
 The method employed in Rosetta Stone is similar to the intense methodto which I was exposed in college . Thus far -LRB- after three weeks -RRB- , I 've beenimpressed by the ease of use , the logical progression of information , automatic `` reviews '' , and many other aspects of the software . If one spends ahalf hour or so per day , the software provides an efficient way to learn newinformation and to reinforce previously learned information . The quality ofthe images , voice recognition , native speakers employed and combination ofspeaking , listening , reading and writing make Rosetta Stone Italianboth effective and fun . I would highly recommend the product .
 BACKGROUNDUsing Rosetta Stone French -LRB- v. 3 -RRB- on a Mac iBook G4 -LRB- 10.3.9 -RRB- . Using home school addition . Have used it for last 6 weeks.SUMMARYIn spite of the cost , the awkward port from Windows and difficult network set up , it 's still best of class for learning a foreign language.REVIEWPowerful , detailed and complicated
 Easy to use , easy to install . Documentation not that clear I had to play with the program on my own to find out what to do . Would be nice if a dictionary either written or in a file were available . Plan to buy the Spanish one for my wife and onec I finish the Italian will probably get the French one .
 Very easy to use and intuitive product . Have tried several other products because I did not want to spend the money on Rosetta Stone . When it was all said and done , I just wasted my money on the other products and forked out the money to get a class product .
 Am enrolled in Italian 101 and find that the Rosetta Stone V 3 has helped me apply what I 'm trying to learn in class . IMMERSION - the best way to learn a language as one absorbs the knowledge rather than just cramming information into the brain!My first language was Spanish and learned English by `` Immersion '' in school at a time when no one in class was able to communicate with me -LRB- no such thing as ESL in those days -RRB- . Am planning to purchase Rosetta Stone in Spanish as a Christmas gift for my family as Spanish is very necessary in the working world of today .
 We previewed this product earlier . This newest edition is fantastic ! It 's a great help in learning the Italian language . We 've been to Italy three times on our own thus far and hope to return a few more times . Getting comfortable in the language has helped us out of a couple of difficult moments . We hope to progress more to speaking the language .
 I bought Italian Level 1 , 2 & 3 a few weeks ago . I have almost gotten through level 1 so far . I am satisfied with the product . It is easy to understand and navigate . The concepts are introduced in a logical manner . It is entertaining enough to encourage countinuing with the lessons . One negative point about Level 1 at least is that sometimes it moves a bit too slow and does n't let me practice enough on things that I do n't immediately get . It offers the answers to the questions too quickly without allowing for sufficient time to think through what the answer should be . Otherwise , I think this is a very good tool to get the basics of the language.Also , I saw in some other reviews that people were not sure whether it would work with Vista . I have Vista and have n't had any problems so far .
 rosseta stone was purchased for a friend graduating from college 3 months ago . she is going to italy in sept and can converse already
 This product was not Mac compatible so unfortunately I had to return it . However , the return process was extremely easy and I got my money back before I even mailed back the product . This seller is very reliable .
 First its really expensive , but I would highly recommend Rosetta Stone for learning a language . It is very easy to load onto a computer . I put mine on a laptop . It comes with headphones and attached mic and the program helps you to setup the volume levels and voice recognition . This gives you an interactive set-up to hear and pronounce the words correctly . If you are going to travel and use the language or have others to pratice with I think its a really good way to get started . How well you do is dependent on how much time you put into it . Lessons can be repeated so if you stop for a while and feel you have to start at the beginning , you can .
 This is a great visual way to learn Italian ; very easy to use . The price was the best I have seen .
 this product was easy to install and even easier to use . i was suprised at how much i learned after just 30 minutes . it was shipped right away and i had it within a week . i could n't be happier
 Microsoft Windows Vista Business 32-bit for System Builders -LSB- DVD -RSB- Software makers , bless their little `` off-the-shelf-selves '' do really try to make things better and after working with this on a considerable number of builds over the last 18 months , it is pretty good . Make sure that you have enough band-width to download 45 updates to start with . Do not install production programs until it is updated it self . It will still need anti-virus protection . I would say run from upgrades and only make a clean install on a crip new machine assembled with Vista products in mind . For future upgrades , remember 64 bit is coming . While we hate to say good bye to good old XP It is time . Hope this helps .
 My intro to Creative Suite was via the Windows version of inDesign 1.0 and Illustrator . In the five years -LRB- ? -RRB- since , I 've switched from those stand-alone products to the entire Creative Suite for the Mac . Most of my time is with those two packages -LRB- illustrator and inDesign -RRB- as well as with GoLive and Version Cue.Illustrator has always been -LRB- for my 5 yrs -RRB- , and remains , excellent . My prior experience has been with Visio and Aldus Intellidraw -LRB- does anyone else remember that product ? -RRB- . Illustrator has the usual Adobe peculiarities which , once familiar , prove to be incredible time savers.For someone who would be satisfied with MS Word , if it worked properly , inDesign is good -- but overkill -LRB- and I mean that well -RRB- . Still , I spent 4 solid years with it , before moving on -LRB- ? -RRB- to Apple Pages -LRB- it 's better than Word , but lacks high-end features of inDesign that I do n't need most of the time -RRB- . inDesign , to my experience , works nearly flawlessly . Coming from an office that is very Word orieinted , my only complaints with inDesign are -LRB- i -RRB- steep Adobe-like learning curve , and -LRB- ii -RRB- tough exports to MS Word . As to point -LRB- i -RRB- , inDesign is similar to the other Adobe products , hence , the time you spend with inDesign will benefit your usage of Illustrator and vice versa . As to point -LRB- ii -RRB- , exporting works fine -- you just have to do it `` story '' at a time.As to GoLive , I do simple web page creation and editing . GoLive is more than adequate for these functions and , I must say , I like it . Having come from a Front Page background -LRB- 5 yrs ago -RRB- , I found GoLive a little difficult to understand , at first . However , once I got the hang of it -LRB- over one solid weekend of playing around -RRB- , I liked it . Early versions struck me as a little unstable -LRB- e.g. , going back to GoLive 5 , if I recall the number correctly -RRB- . However , the recent versions have been just fine.Version Cue is a interesting . I relied on it heavily for 3 yrs and I still do , to an extent . It 's great for holding Version Cue product . However , do n't get tempted , as I did , to use it as an extranet for folks outside your organization . It was not intended for that , I do n't think , and does not do it well . That said , it 's a cool way to store not only the many files created by inDesign , Illustrator , etc. , but also related MS Word , Excel , PDF , and other files . Overall , the product works `` pretty well . '' I relied on it for some fairly heavy and time-sensitive products , without failure . Still , there were times with the earlier versions that I wondered whether it was going to leave me in a lurch . It never did . The more recent version seems stabler , though , I do find myself migrating over to a more conventional DAV server for the same functions -LRB- albeit without versioning -RRB- . One gem in the new product is Adobe Bridge . I 'm not quite sure how to describe it , except as a `` desktop '' that 's great at viewing Adobe files . -LRB- Go figure ! -RRB- . It allows you to bounce around your local drive -LRB- as well , potentially , as network drives and Version Cue projects -RRB- to visualize your Adobe files . The integration is great
 I am compelled to write this review since at least one reviewer complained about the installation being a problem . I did not see any problem whatsover . It was simply a breeze on my Mac powerbook G4 . As to the quality of the product itself , it is too early for me to give a rating since I have just started using it . I will update this review in a month or so .
 The Adobe Creative Suite Premium CS2 is an awesome product . I 'm a scientific illustrator and this new CS2 contains almost all the software I need for my illustration and graphic design work . There are a lot of significant improvements over the previous CS version . Of all the programs I use Illustrator the most . Illustrator 's new `` live trace '' and `` live paint '' features are really cool ! Each of the programs -LRB- Photoshop , Illustrator , InDesign , GoLive , and Acrobat -RRB- work very well together . The new Bridge is great for finding and previewing image files . Photoshop and Illustrator are the industry standards . If you do professional work this is the best software to have . The price may seem a little steep , but in my opinion it 's well worth it . I highly recommend this product .
 This version of Windows Vista is the OEM version , which means that it does not come with a box or a manual , just a `` Quick Install '' guide . This is the FULL version of Vista but another thing that it is lacking is support from Microsoft . Because this version is intended for -LRB- as the title suggests -RRB- system builders , whoever that may be , they are the people who are supposed to provide the End User Support not Microsoft . It does , however , still include Windows Update so there do not think that you will not be getting updates from Microsoft , because you do . But if you are building a computer for your grandmother , and she BSOD 's Vista , its up to you to fix it ; Not Microsoft . Another difference between this version and the full 400 $ version is that this version only comes with the 32 Bit version of Windows Vista , but the full version comes with both the 32 and 64 Bit versions . So if you are pretty technology Savvy and you do not need Microsoft 's support and you know what type of processor -LRB- 64 or 32 bit -RRB- then the OEM version is the version for you .
 For the most part its been an OK transition . My recommendation is that you go slow and do your homework first . I 'm running a P4 , 3.2 GHZ X 800 with 1 GB Ram DDR -LRB- upgraded to 2 GB 's max for this board -RRB- , two hard drives , 200 GB -LRB- volume 1,2,3 , -RRB- 160 GB -LRB- volume 4 , bkf -RRB- . I wanted a clean load so I backed up on DVD 's and formated my hard drives . I chose volume 1 for the operating system alone so in case of problems I could rework it . I put all my programs in volume 2 , I had all the original disks to reload if necessary -LRB- be careful with this if you have used downloaded software it often has a short time limit of downloading it again , on these I back them up to CD right away and file it for times like this -RRB- . Volume 3 is for all the data , images , -LRB- my Photoshop needs space -RRB- ect . Volume 4 is an overflow for volume 3 data and all of my backup and is on a separate 160 GB internal hard drive . For me the time for this planning was well worth it . If you get it done up front it can save you hours or days later . I 've learned by my errors . It is also easier and safer to back up data on 3 without having to mess with the rest and if I get a problem which is going to happen the solution is a whole lot simpler . Plus you can lock volume 1,2 , in Vista and for the most part keep out all the Cyber bad guys with there Trojans and viruses . On 3 , 4 the most I have at risk is the last 2 hours and I can manually adjust that if it is an important project . Vista definitely requires a lot of RAM and space . As you just have to test some programs I good registry cleaner would be a good investment I went with Registry Booster rated 5 out of 5 by Tucows and CNET and I 'm happy with it at $ 29 . The issue of software is likewise interesting , I had less problems than I expected after getting around the `` tech support '' at the various companies . Example
 After having read a lot of reviews on another `` egg `` cellent site , I was afraid that I would dislike Vista either for incompatibility or the sluggishness of it . I was bracing myself for the worst , but very pleasantly surprised to find that on my clean install , everything worked perfectly . Vista seems much more `` automated '' than XP and found all the drivers for my hardware automatically from the web . After the very easy install , which by the way , unlike XP , uses a graphical interface , I began to reinstall my software . I chose the 32 bit version of Vista because at the time of this review -LRB- Nov ' 07 -RRB- , Apple 's iTunes v7 .5 was still not compatible with the 64 bit version of Vista due to a programmer 's bad judgment in creating a `` hardpath '' to a 32 bit Windows file . Evidently , this type of program is unlikely to see an easy fix to 64 bit compatibility.My software all installed without any problems , including Adobe Photoshop Elements and Premiere Elements , PC-Cillin 2007 , Fidelity Active Trader Pro , Sony Picture Browser with AVCHD Player , and of course iTunes.Vista is just simply gorgeous when compared to XP . I was a hardcore Apple fan since 1979 , having used the Apple / / e , Mac SE , Mac IIci , and original Apple PowerBook 20 MB HD . Since I have n't used Apple 's OS extensively since the System 7.1 days of the 90 's , I ca n't compare it to the current Apple OS Leopard . I have heard that Vista has taken -LRB- i.e. stolen -RRB- a lot from Apple 's OS X . In any case , Vista is just simply beautiful when compared to XP . It 's quite obvious that the graphics for even the windows are rendered with my graphic 's card 's 3D engine.As for security , I am uncertain if it is any more secure than XP , but you will probably all want to turn off the `` UAC '' which is an amazingly annoying feature in Vista where almost any action causing a new file to be installed to be verified by the Vista user . It is really quite amazing that Microsoft actually thought that any user would actually leave this feature on . It 's almost something Microsoft would do to just cover their behind by telling a user that it was their fault if their computer was violated if they had turned off Microsoft 's `` recommended '' safety feature . It is utterly the worst obvious feature of Vista , but thankfully , very easily can be turned off.Regarding hardware , I have a self-made PC with an AMD FX-60 -LRB- 2.6 gHZ dual core socket 939 cpu -RRB- , 3 GB RAM -LRB- latency 2.5 -RRB- , DFI LanParty UT nF4 motherboard -LRB- NOT overclocked -RRB- , and XFX 7900 GT GPU . This used to be a fairly mid-high end PC about a year ago , but far from it currently . Intel 's quad-core CPU 's are just tremendously faster -LRB- and ridiculously cheap -RRB- . The DDR2 RAM is also sickenly cheap nowadays.Why did I list all the hardware specifications that you think only a techno-geek would be interested ? Because it 's important that you understand that Vista is a much more `` active '' OS and requires a dual or quad-core CPU . Vista even does a hardware check and gives individual ratings for your CPU , RAM , video , and hard drive . It is thought that in the future , 3rd party software written for Vista will not just state what minimum hardware is required , but give specific ratings on each of those components . This way , you can check to see in a very clear manner , if your specific computer can run a piece of software.One very last important consideration , is the decision to purchase this OEM `` system builder '' Vista vs the `` retail '' version . The `` retail '' version costs almost twice as much as the system builder OEM version . Unlike the past OEM version of XP , you CAN NOT re-install the OEM Vista -LRB- 32 or 64 -RRB- on more than one PC -LRB- as defined by its motherboard -RRB- . In other words , if you purchase this systembuilder version , install it . Then in 1 year , by another faster computer , you can not re-install this single copy of Vista onto the new PC , even if you delete the old copy . The `` retail '' version allows you to transfer your copy to a newer PC and costs a lot more consequently . The `` retail '' version also provides you with both a 32 bit and 64 bit installation . Although you get only 1 key and thus can only have either 32 or 64 bit installed -LRB- but NOT both -RRB- , you can switch from the 32 bit to 64 bit version later as you upgrade your hardware or for whatever reason.I am quite pleasantly surprised by how easy I was able to install Vista and by how fast it runs on my PC . I recommend that you back up all your information before your install , and do the `` clean '' install , rather than the upgrade . Also , although you can keep your XP on a separate drive or partition and dual boot with Vista , there is a known problem with confusion that occurs with vanishing files important for Windows to perform a RESTORE operation . But , if you use 3rd party software to back up your drives -LRB- disk imaging -RRB- , then dual booting with Vista and XP is a nice option . -LRB- Remember , to dual boot , it is tremendously easier to first have XP installed 1st , then install Vista later . If you have Vista 1st , and then add XP , it is significantly more difficult and requires some technical knowledge . -RRB- Sorry if this review is somewhat rambling , but another `` last point '' . Vista uses RAM in a very different manner from XP . Vista will try to have your frequently loaded files ALWAYS LOADED . Studies at Anandtech show that Vista must have a minmum of 1 GB to just be functional . At 2 GB , there is a DRASTIC increase in real world application speed . 3 GB also gives a big performance boost over 2 , but not as drastic as going from 2 to 3 GB . Should you get 4 GB RAM , which is the theoretical limit of the 32 bit version ? I would say probably not . Because of a strange technical problem , Vista 32 bit will only access 3.5 GB and not the full 4 GB . If your finances will not permit the purchase of more RAM , then Vista does offer a method for you to use your USB flash drive , believe it or not . Just plug in -LRB- up to 4 GB usable -RRB- your USB flash drive , respond to Vista 's request to utilize it , and it will try to use your USB flash drive rather than your hard drive when virtualizing RAM to speed up your OS.Good luck to all . I certainly was afraid of upgrading after reading so many mixed reviews and knows that it will always take a little `` courage '' to go and upgrade before Service Pack 1 is out .
 Installed this as a second OS on a MacBook Pro - runs perfectly . Everyone likes to knock Vista - but , bottom line , given a well equipped machine - Vista is way ahead of XP . As a developer , there are things I just could n't do under older OS 's . This package with the Ultimate version is excellent value .
 I installed Vista Ultimate OEM on my Dell XPS laptop with minimal trouble . The basic install had drivers for almost all of my hardware . The drivers for the nVidia graphics are n't the greatest , there are some screen flickers when opening some programs/windows that did n't go away after installing the latest driver . Also , I 've had the screen lock up and display only multicolored lines when restarting a paused DVD . I 'm pretty sure that this is an issue with nVidia 's drivers and not Vista . Hopefully this will be fixed when a newer driver becomes available . My only other real complaint is the lack of support in 3rd party utilities , particularly firewalls . These issues aside , Vista seems pretty stable and to be more secure than XP . The interface is pretty nice , with many small improvements . If you are n't buying a new computer right now or absolutely need to have the newest thing , waiting till Microsoft issues Service Pack 1 for it may be a better option . Hopefully most vendors will have better drivers and better program support by then .
 Needed to repair the Vista that came w / my used laptop . This was the right disc at a good price . Note
 Install SP1 and you 'll be happy . Not with it if you already have XP though .
 Is a very good option , you do n't need to buy the FULL VERSION , this DVD include everything also the anytime upgrade , that mean that include ALL VERSION of Vista just that you can only activate the version you buy .
 Again Vista is another reason why you should always look for OEM deals . It 's even better that Microsoft lifted the restriction of having to buy OEM software with a piece of hardware .
 Even though a few drivers are not up to pace yet Vista works great with Intel D845GVSR Micro Board and I have discovered that indeed one can install a PCI Video card and just set the BIOs for PCI instead of Integrated . Right now I 'm hoping to find a Video Card that supports DirectX 10 and with WHQL Logo for Windows Vista Drivers that are n't too expensive , so if someone finds a good one , let me know please . I do n't know how perhaps leave a review yourself.PS
 For years I used the paper & ink book format of the Preacher 's Outline & Sermon Bible and loved it . Now this software version is even better . Everything I need to make sermons or Bible lessons is at my fingertips . Every NT passage is clearly outline and supplemented with excellent commentary , support scripture and life application . I really like the way it integrates with my other WordSearch products . There is no end to all the Bible translations , commentaries and other works I can compare , copy and paste with a click of the mouse .
 This is some great Bible study software . It has loads of resources available many of which are free along with some excellent choices to purchase . This software is easy to use and has proven to be one of the primary study tools of choice for me .
 I 've owned almost every edition of Printmaster and upgrade every few years . It 's great and reasonably priced . However , go straight to the Broderbund site and buy the latest for $ 29.95 rather than spend a fortune on an old edition .
 I have always loved the printmaster program . For a few dollars . . what an investment ... making cards , callendars , programs or journal pages etc. . Easy directions and lots of options . I love it !
 For any video I know of covering Gruenfeld , particularly from Black 's perspective , this is absolute tops -LRB- forget the stuff from ChessBase ... or disregard a long term master 's advice , as well as my many GM friends -RRB- . Considering this opening is extremely complex , it should get five stars ... but it can not cover it completely -LRB- author is truly superb -RRB- , hence 4 . A must have for anyone ELO 1800 + and extremely useful for others somewhat below -LRB- e.g. , 1400 + -RRB- ... enjoy at a great price . Seller has made mistakes with me in the past -LRB- I own about 100 top chess videos -RRB- but seller not only made good for their mistake but also sent me free copies of other SW such as Chessmaster -LRB- still my favorite for actual playing against any decent to great computer -RRB- and others ... seller is ***** and if they make a mistake -LRB- not likely anymore -RRB- , just email them and they will more than compensate ... I guess this is why Amazon chose them among many !
 First , go to www.hash.com and view the online demo . This will tell you more about what the software is capable of than any review will . Additionally , you may find that you can get the software cheaper when bought directly from Hash.The software is , simply , figgin ' amazing -- it does everything they say it does and more ! The graphics are INCREDIBLE.HOWEVER.The catch is that while the software can do it , UNLESS YOU HAVE SIGNIFICANT KNOWLEDGE IN ANIMATION you 'll become frustrated . If you do have even the slightest bit of expereince , you 'll LOVE this package.THERE 'S GOOD NEWS , though . The software comes with an amazing manual that provides beautiful walk-throughs of the software 's main features , which teaches the basics of animation and gets something up pretty quick!THERE 'S SIGNIFICANT BAD NEWS , though . The manual is nothing more than a light collection of tutorials . Do n't expect to find everything laid out and clearly explained . The online help is barely adaquate as a user 's guide but is just fine for a reference guide . In short , if you know what want to do , know what you are supposed to do , know what it 's called in terms that Hash uses , and you understand the implication of what will happen when you do it , then the online help will tell you the ` how to do it . ` THERE 'S EVEN MORE BAD NEWS . I 've been looking , and looking , and looking for printed books on this software . I ca n't find any that pertain to recent versions . At this moment , I see there 's a Animation : Master 2000 book that 's out of print , but the software is at 2005 . Some graphic artist could clean house by documenting this tool.TECH SUPPORT . Tech support is * GREAT * for installation and basic questions . Tech support is about the industry average for any real questions or advice -- meaning , they do n't get back to you for a very , very long time , if at all.RAZOR AND BLADES . As for the software , value over cost reaches near infinity -- the bang for the buck is impressive . However , without training materials , you 're going to go back to their site and buy the many , many volumes of training materials on VHS and DVD . DO N'T BE FOOLED BY THE SALES DEMO -- which until itself is awesome . The capabilities demo you see on the website is smooth , well rehearsed , and impressively edited for sound and presence . The web demos have poor audio and the VHS demos look like someone just had a camera at a expo booth . Quite often the demoer will work himself into the very problem you have , say `` oops '' , stumble a bit , say `` I know why '' , and press some shortcut key that solves the problem and move out without explaining what went wrong , how he knew , or how to fix it . The ` tutorials ' are just topical demos . Beware.ON THE UPSIDE , this product accelerated my 3D knowledge and helped me figure out how to use features in POSER that I did n't understand . Between Poser and Animation Master , I 'd pick Animation Master for ease of use and power . However , I have n't seen a lot of downloadable models.ONE MORE THING TO BE CAUTIOUS ABOUT . Be careful when they sell you an upgrade , which comes at a very fair and impressive price . There 's a weird scheme where they treat the software more like a subscription . The CD you buy today will also let you download an upgrade patch in the future . But at that point the free ride ends . If you buy the upgrade , they send you a CD with the software YOU ALREADY HAVE , and that is used as the `` key '' to allow you to download the next upgrade when it comes out . For your troubles , you get ` extras ' on the disc that do n't come with the downloaded patch.BOTTOM LINE
 I really love Animation Master . You can do some pretty incredible things with it , if you have the time and patience . The software is very stable -LRB- few crashes -RRB- , and its relatively easy to learn . If your into animation and or/filmaking , I would highly recommend it . However , there are some things to consider.There is a very steep learning curve , especially if you 're new to 3D animation . Do n't expect to make `` The Empire Strikes Back '' overnight . Learning how to animate figures and objects is difficult enough . Learning how to effectively create your own models takes several months , maybe even years . The software itself is much more advanced than what ILM was using just a few years ago . The problem is PEOPLE POWER . It takes literally a staff of experienced people to add the level of detail that you see in big budget hollywood movies . One person working on a computer can make some really impressive stuff -LRB- AFTER A LOT OF WORK -RRB- , but be prepared to keep things in perspective . Start small -LRB- like modelling inorganic objects such as airplanes or spaceships -RRB- , and keep your animations under 5 minutes , before attempting your magnum opus . You 'll spare yourself a lot of frustration.My biggest complaint with AM is that its incompatible with all the other consumer 3D amimation platforms out there . Programs like Poser , Vue D'Espirit , Bryce , and Carrara are compatible with each other , for the most part . Animation Master promotes its product as `` all you 'll ever need '' , so they consiously avoid making there sofware compatible with other platforms . So , if you 're serious about eventually taking your 3d to a proffesssional level , you MIGHT want to consider investing in another application such as Poser , etc. . That way , you 'll not have to reinvent the wheel every time you tackle another program .
 The Disc that comes in the box will include the installers for the Mac version of the software in addition to the Windows version . Just so you mac users know we have n't been left out in the cold : -RRB- I 'm a bit biased so do n't know that I can offer an honest review of A : M. . . I did write the book on how to use it so I would obviously have some ulterior motives . But if you want to pursue character animation either as a hobby or a future career , there is no other package out there at even close to the price of A : M that delivers more character bang for the buck . Is it perfect ? well no ... but then neither is any other piece of software A : M has it 's little idiosyncrasies , and 3D is still a complex and deep subject for any one to tackle -LRB- a good book perhaps ? ;-RRB- -RRB- But the workflow and the animation tools alone make A : M worth the price . A : M also has a dedicated and friendly community of users that has been helping newbies come up to speed for over a decade , one of those not in the box features that really adds value to the product.Cons ? A : M does not an industry standard approach to modeling . -LRB- which some of us who do n't like modeling in the first place actually would consider a pro . -RRB- So if you want to learn to model for a career you might consider another program.-David Rogers
 As a stop-motion animator by trade I thought it was about time I investigated 3D computer animation . After several unsuccessful attempts at creating with other -LRB- probably more well known -RRB- 3D apps someone at work suggested I try A : M. I have to say this has got to be the most intuitive and easy to use 3D software available . There is a full online manual on the CD and a more newbie friendly printed ` quickstart ` book that will guide you through the basics in no time . The modelling is different to most other apps in that you create your characters by drawing with splines . I guess it depends what you ` re used to but I , and all of my animation friends that now have this software , actually much prefer this way of working . Also , there are no extra plugins to buy for Hair and Fur - it ` s all included and works beautifully . I love it !
 Hash 's Animation : Master 2004 is an amazing software . The workflow is very well designed . It 's a great tool for the artist and not the technical computer person . It 's fast , easy to use and cheap . All that you hope in an animation program .
 If you ever had dreams of becoming an animator , and doing stuff like Shrek or Finding Nemo . Then buy Animation Master ! It has MORE features than some of the other 3d packages , at a cheap cheap price . I 've been using since ver3 . The software had some ups and downs . I can really say this is the BEST version of Animation Master yet . I am so happy I stuck with Animation Master , because I guarantee that many larger productions will start using it because of it 's price point and amazing features.You ca n't go wrong with the price . Regardless of price Animation Master has the BEST character animation tools , hands down .
 For character animation , Hash 's Animation Master is a top-quality program at an affordable price . The workflow is intuitive and the software has features usually only found in high-end 3D packages ... hair , particles , etc.Whether your animation project is a cartoon or a 3D animation , Animation Master shouldbe your software of choice .
 Super , amazing thoes are just two of my thoughts when I think of A : M.I have had it for a month , and I 'm amazed at what it can do.I 've made a few things with it and it just blows me away at how high tech it is.So if any body is interested in telling there stories using moving pictures this is the best software for it.Oh , I almost forgot A : M best runes on windows xp , with a Pentiuem 4 , and you should have at least have 5GB . min . -LRB- or a fast running mac -RRB-
 AWSOME!I have had the software and I ca n't express how much it helped me learn how to animate . I came into the animationg world only knowing what keyframe and motion capturing meant . Now , well ... I am not Pixar , but I am almost there.It has exited unexpectantly a few times , but otherwise is very stable.If you can get the demo do get it , but I did n't know there was one until I got the software.Bottom line
 I 've been an A : M user for probably 10 years now . I 've used it for school , I 've used it professionally and I 've used it as a hobby . If you 're an artist who want to make his/her own characters and animate them , this is a superior package . One of the great things about it is its unified workflow . The modeler , the rigger , the lighter , the animator , the renderer , all live in the same program and all work well together . I 'm not saying A : M makes all of those automatic . Such a program just does not exist . But there is no better workflow for 3D animation than exists in A : M.The all-spline modeling is a somewhat different strategy than polygon apps use and that 's where most people who come from them to A : M get confused . They 're trying to use lame polygon techniques that are really awkward workarounds rather than using splines to their real advantage.Animating in A : M is something the other apps can only wish they did as well.If you 're coming to CG with the notion that all that great imagery you 've seen in movies is the result of a computer program and not the ingenuity and hard work of talented humans then you will be disappointed with any CG app . Something that just offers you some premade choices with a few variations , like Poser , might be a better for you.But if you 're person with a story idea that you 'd like to get off that storyboard you 've been dreaming up and get in front of people , A : M is a really strong tool for making that happen .
 My son loved learning from it ; now my daughter is enjoying learning from it too ! Thanks .
 ANOTHER WONDERFUL PRACTICE TOOL FOR KIDS . MY CHILDREN FOUND IT VERY HELPFUL DURING THE SCHOOL YEAR AND I FOUND IT TO BE GREAT DURING THE SCHOOL VACATION TIME . BUY IT !!!
 Microsoft Expression StudioI am familiar with Visual Studio and . Net , have used it in several languages and different projects . And I also used Frontpage for a while , though I must admit I abandoned it quite a long time ago . So I was reintroduced to Expression Studio by way of being given a copy of Expression Web firstMicrosoft Expression Web Professional Design Tool . And while I think there is a much steeper learning curve with this product , I am very happy I stepped up to Expression Studio.First of all , this type of product is going to have a somewhat limited audience . If you just want to create webpages , you should be looking to Expression Web or one of the competing products by Adobe , Macromedia and the like . I can honestly say that Expression Web has enough extras included in it to even create some light apps and easily achieve CSS type functionality.Now , what if you need to build some front ends for web applications that require more in depth methods and detailed integration of components ? Then THIS is the program for you . I am just getting my feet wet with it but they 've brought a lot of cool components together here.In addition to Expression Web , this also includes Blend , Design and Media.Web - Design web pages and light appsBlend - Integrate your web pages with web tools and partsDesign - Design graphic pieces easily to use on your pages / appsMedia - Catalog and retrieve your web applets for easy use on different projectsThe Design tool is not an Adobe Photoshop level tool , but like all of the Expression Studio pieces it has some time-saving methods included to help you design common elements . Even though I use both Photoshop and Corel for different graphics stuff , this tool is still useful only for the speed of use it provides when it comes to those common picture and button elements.Of course the Silverlight aspect is still just in its early stages , but so far I have seen a lot of cool stuff made with it . As far as the integration stuff , easier to do basic stuff than Flash . And what 's also cool is that you can drill down to the code level and change things very easily . So those who are not hardcore programmers will no longer need to also get Visual Studio to make web apps.The main con is really the -LSB- ... -RSB- issue . This is about -LSB- ... -RSB- more than the Expression Web product , which is the meatiest of the 4 included tools . There are lots of cool templates included with it . Unless you really want to create completely new templates , you will probably think the Studio product is overkill . Truthfully , many people will get most of what the need with Expression Web . There 's no real way to know without trying them out . For me , I wanted to have the full Studio because I saw a cool demo of how to use it and I knew I could save some time with the Blend and Design components.Like I said , still getting into this but so far I 'm glad I did . I loved my Expression Web and now I 'm loving this . Hopefully whatever kinks are there will be ironed out in short order.If you want to try this before you decide on one or the other , you can download an evaluation copy from Microsoft . Just take my advice and work on it for at least 1 or 2 weeks befoe you decide . There 's a lot of stuff in here that you should test out.Enjoy !
 Great product ! I will use this product daily for professional use in my classroom and personal use with my church .
 Being a developer , it 's always nice to find something that surprises you with its utility and overall quality . This suite is comprised of four -LRB- 4 -RRB- products , Web , Design , Blend , and Media . So far , they all work well except for Media which seems very sluggish at times . I 'm not sure , yet , why it bogs down but it may well be a setting that I 've neglected or set mistakenly . I do have a large amount of audio-visual material for it to catalog and I may have mis-configured it somehow . That said , though , the rest of the suite has , so far , worked very well.Expression Web is the page/site building tool . It stresses the use of Cascading Style Sheets -LRB- CSS -RRB- and/or ASP.NET for the design and implementation of web content . It 's such a step up from FrontPage that it 's not even comparable . FrontPage created the muddiest code I 've ever worked with . Because of that , I stopped using it and just hand coded everything . I also tried other authoring tools on the market but they were all just glorified text editors and were n't really very helpful over a good editor . When I first downloaded the eval version of Expression Web , it was an early Beta version and it was very sluggish . However , this release version is very responsive and produces very good content.Expression Design is a graphics design package with both bit-mapped and vector-based graphic tools . I particularly like the vector tools . I 've used Photoshop for a long time and have missed the vector drawing abilities I used to have in CorelDraw . However , I came up with work arounds and such . However , Expression Design may well satisfy my need for Photoshop -LRB- and its exhorbitant price -RRB- . It 's a very versatile and useful package . Its use of layers is great just like they are in Photoshop . Many other graphics applications that are in this price range are lacking layers and it 's a serious loss.Expression Blend is almost staggering in its capabilities and implications . When coupled with Visual Studio 2005 -LRB- included -RRB- and knowledge of the . NET Framework , its a fantastic front end design tool with lots of great animation tools . I 'm still getting my feet wet on this tool but , from what I 've seen so far , it 's gon na be fun!Expression Media is the only disappointment so far . It 's why the package only got a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star . It seems to choke pretty easily . I have about 11000 photos , ranging from JPGs to TIFFs to NEFs -LRB- Nikon raw images -RRB- to PSDs -LRB- Photoshop 7 -RRB- , and although it sees all of them and imports them , the viewing and responsiveness of the program is very sluggish and crash prone . It 's crased three times already on me and I 'll probably wait for an update or service pack before re-trying it.Hope this helped . Overall , I highly recommend this package to web develpers that want to use newer , standards-based web content development . The package also is a great helper for developing application graphic content such as custom buttons , etc. . . for use in Visual Studio 2005 and beyond .
 Installed fine with no problems . It did not ask for proof of Frontpage ownership . The differences between Frontpage and Expression Web are huge . The help files lack much in the way of help . Be prepared to order books on how to use Expression Web .
 I did n't even know that FrontPage was being discontinued till I consulted the website for help on a technical problem . I ended up buying the upgrade to Expression . Transition was flawless , enabling me to find all my old files right where they should have been.Only one disappointment . I still ca n't find a way to change the default font . It 's a nuisance to manually change it each time I upgrade my web page .
 I had never created a website , but with a very rudimentary knowledge of HTML was able to make some slight modifications to an existing website with Notepad . I had looked at purchasing FrontPage , but reviews said that it did not work well with Vista , which I had . Therefore , if I was going to buy any program to create a website , price forced me to Expressions Web . After checking the Microsoft website for EW , I discovered that the `` upgrade '' version would install if there was any version of Microsoft Office on the computer . For the $ 99 price , I felt I could not go too far wrong.The install went extremely easy as I do have Office 2007 on the computer . I read the complete EULA and think that it will actually allow me to install EW on multiple computers as long as only one copy is being used at any given time . -LRB- If you want to install it on multiple computers , which I did , be sure to read the EULA . -RRB- Some of the reviews had said that the tutorial did not work . They were right . I discovered that the small tutorial had used the word `` click '' at one point and it should have been `` right click '' . Once that discovery was made , I was able to complete the tutorial . The written documentation is very skimpy , but it does offer some help to a novice if you read it several times.There is no wizard program to help you create a website as there is in FrontPage . There are , however about a dozen templates . I wanted to create a new website for my family genealogy association and I needed flexibility in having several links to multiple pages with different topics . I chose a `` Business '' template that I was able to modify to fit my needs . Without any knowledge of HTML , I would not have been able to make these modifications . I also used the help screens and never found one that had instructions that would work for me . I do not know if the help screens were not accurate , or if the problem was caused by something that I had incorrectly done before I went to the help screen . There were also lots of trial and error procedures , but after about 30 hours on the computer , I was finished.I did not use EW to upload to the web server ; instead I used a separate FTP program . I also had the luxury of uploading my beta versions to a subfolder on the website so that I and others could test it out.I am giving Expressions Web 4 stars because it was economical to buy , easy to install , gave me no problems while running , and did allow me to create a good looking and very functional website . Now I am going to try and find a good instruction book for the program .
 I thought FrontPage would be hard to beat for ease-of-use . I am startled at how quick the adjustment was . Expression Web has the intention of being much more standards-compliant than FrontPage , so some handy FrontPage features are missing . But CSS can compensate for them , and Expression Web 's user interface is so well-designed that even CSS does not seem so daunting.Speaking of user interface , it seems to me that Microsoft has combined the best features of Visual Studio 's user interface and the Adobe CS -LRB- e.g. Photoshop -RRB- interface -LRB- and resisted the dubious `` ribbon '' thing it introduced in Microsoft Office 2007 -RRB- . Working in Expression Web seems very natural ; things are easy to find , highly customizable , there when you want them.I think I will be able to use this package for a long time .
 I am using Expression web all the time and am very satisfied with it . To view my web site go to www.arrowgem.com It is easy to use . I find it easier than the old Front Page.Richard Hanson
 I must say I loved FrontPage , and I was not sure about this upgrade . It is harder than it looks , but does make nice pages . The `` simple '' use of photo galleries from external sources is a joke for anyone not an expert . This is the biggest downside of the program . The navigation setup is a lot different and not as easy as FrontPage , but is manageable . Over all it should be an okay program for building and managing websites . Be patient and read everything , and watch the training video , it takes time but is worth it .
 I watched the quickstart video from microsoft expression http://www.microsoft.com/expression/kc/resources.aspx?type=quickstart and was able to figure basic html changes from front page in a day . After importing I found it better to copy and past text and functions/objects to remove errors into a new page rather then edditing them in the imported page . Imports include errors -LRB- highlighted in html -RRB- but does make it function without front page extensions . Even then I had to redo it a 4th time because if you copy text it comes with bad code unless you specify text only . The biggest improvement on my site was switching to layers from old style frames . The advantage is when you paste text or art into a layer it is fully drag positional vs a frame . Using Styles -LRB- text type and font and color prespecified at the begining -RRB- was easy as when ever you define a font it creates a new style and posts the info for you . This can cause a mess of extra code so watch and try to use as few styles as possible rather then creating more and more and then when you redifine the style it change all text using that style even in different locations keeping uniformity . I had to go back through as somehow I got around 25 styles -LRB- a fifth time -RRB- . But now I have an error free compliant website .
 I have been very happy with this software . It 's kind of the new FrontPage but they work together perfectly . All my thumbs are up.C S W
 Software has worked well . I really miss the photo gallery feature . I found out I have to upgrade the version to have the photo gallery feature back again .
 The application works as advertised . There are some better products on the market , but they are more difficult to learn .
 It is a great product , easy to use and fast to start working with it .
 A very thorough easy to follow reference manual for Expression Web . The use of hands on examples makes learning how to use this new web design software understandable and easy to design your website the way you want it . The CD of the book and software applications included make this an excellent value . . Special Edition Using Microsoft Expression Web
 Microsoft has come up with a modern upgrade for their already good Frontpage software . Expressions has all of the latest bells and whistles to make it as good or even better than the competition . It comes with a tutorial to help you learn the product also .
 Having had Window Washer 2.1 on my old computer , I never thought twice in getting the newest version for my upgraded computer . I am very happy with its ease of operation . This software gives me peace of mind everytime I use it . Well worth the price for the things it will do to help keep your computer running efficiently . My XP never had it so good !
 I cant say enough about this software ... During crashes or accidental downloads.I have been able to remove some malware programs , without problems Most recently , i had a virus , that could not be fully removed ... I dont know how or why but the virus appears to be gone after running a window washer scan , with system restore off . . I had followed all symantec instructions , but it didnt complete remove the threat.Perhaps window washer caught the cookie crums , who knows ? ... I highly recommend this product .
 This game -LRB- although seems a step back compaired to most games these days -RRB- is alot of fun , i enjoy the challenge , the `` rules '' the story.its a little slow as you walk through the map , but with patience it 's a great game . a wonderful past time
 got it fast from the site . i was playing the game a few years back and wanted to see the graphics again since at that time they where as HD as other are these days .
 Follow a link , or search for the latest version .
 FeedForAll is great way for novice webmasters to get started with RSS feeds . FeedForAll will handle all of the complex syntax and formatting required to create an RSS feed and let you concentrate on creating fresh content to drive visitors to your website . More advanced webmasters will like the flexibility of the tool and the time saved .
 This software is very easy to use . It makes creating , editing and publishing RSS feeds very easy . I highly recommend it .
 The game has lovely graphics , and creative-educational games . My son enjoys matching the poop with the correct farm animal . However , it is a little difficult for him to understand what the directions are or what he 's supposed to be doing in the game . It 's a bit `` word heavy '' for a boy who has an auditory processing disorder , but he does enjoy clicking on the animals to see if they 'll poop . In fact , anything to do with poop will entertain him . It 's really better geared towards older kids and younger children who can handle higher level learning .
 WOW ! -LRB- and I mean that -RRB- . This game is fantastic ! All the Sesame Street humor , with really wonderful music and a lot of different activities . From Ernie 's World -LRB- ala Wayne 's World -RRB- where Ernie interjects funny words into songs sung by Cookie , Grover and Elmo to their hilarious disbelief -LRB- which had my wife and I on the floor laughing ! -RRB- , to Elmo 's Music Machine -LRB- an endlessly replayable sampler/mixer of music snippets that let 's kids put endless combinations of tunes together -LRB- an excellent learning tool ! -RRB- , to Worldly Instruments where Elmo and Ernie play - in any combination - everything from Sitars and banjos to African drums and Trombones to , of things , a Hurdy Gurdy or a Theramine ! As a musician and a parent who hopes to pass on the joy of music to my son and daughter , I could not believe our luck at finding this brilliant and wonderful product ! My hat is off to Sesame Street with my endless respect and thanks ! GO BUY THIS ! WE ALL LOVE IT !
 I ca n't say enough about how wonderful this software is . It has all of the quality we 've come to expect from Sesame Street products - clear & colorful graphics , great sound , lots of activities , the humor and warmth of the Muppets - and then some . There are 8 different activities , all of which are entertaining and which keep my toddler engrossed -LRB- no mean feat , since he has the classic two-year-old 's short attention span -RRB- . My personal favorite is `` Ernie 's World , '' a Wayne 's World parody in which Ernie shouts out silly words - flounder ! coldcuts ! underpants ! - while one of his buddies tries to sing . My son is partial to the world of instruments segment , where you click on a musical instrument to hear its name & how it sounds and learn fun facts about it . -LRB- My two year now can identify such diverse instruments as a violin , a hurdy gurdy and a pan pipe . -RRB- I am particularly impressed by how fresh the software seems even after it 's been played over and over ; something about the way the Muppets interact with each other and the input coming from the child makes it seem as if they are right there with you , not canned or repetitive .
 The other reviewers have described the features , so all I can add is that the instrument sounds are studio quality , and your child if he/she is at all into music will ask for more and more of this . My son does not yet know how to use a mouse , so as a parent who sits through these games with him for up to 1/2 hour a day -- I love these muppets and do n't tire of their adult appeal . No annoyance factor as compared to jump start baby , & no boredom factor like winnie the pooh and other disney offerings which are thin on activities.The sesame street web site is also a fun place to play with your child .
 My kid likes the musical instruments page , where the talking globe describes the instruments , and the sesame street characters play them . I like the world of sound , but my kid does n't like it very much .
 I purchased this for my 2 year old who is now 2 1/2 yo . He absolutely loves it and became quite proficient at using the mouse . Initially he needed supervision and now he is able to navigate all screens and even choose between levels-easy or hard independently -- occassionally with some stand by assistance . He especially loves the game where elmo draws clues on a black board in Elmo 's bedroom and Elmo 's blanket has to hide . Based on the shape Elmo draws , the child must try and locate where Elmo 's blanket is hiding and behind which object in Elmo 's room . My son and his dad also play this game in the living room with his real blanket and his dad will draw clues and our son will have to find where blanket is hiding -- He loves it . I highly recommend this software and like I said , our little guy started playing this when he turned two and is now a pro . Great for developing visual and auditory memory , shape discrimination , matching , generating creativity , problem solving and mouse proficiency .
 This is one of the best educational software programs I have ever seen . The graphics , interface design and games are fantastic . My daughter is fascinated with history and she loves exploring the different places and times around the world . I love the fact that kids can earn crafts to do offline . The crafts are related to the historical time period and they are very simple and easy to make with minimal supplies . The directions are short and simple and they provide all needed templates , outlines , etc. . For example , you can make an Incan headress with just paper , and a pilgrims vest out of a paper bag . You can also earn stickers to print and put on your own wall map or print the one they provide . This is just a superb program and one your child is sure to enjoy !
 Hello , everyone ! You can call me StoryMaker . JumpStart Explorers is fun and teaches , like Knowledge Adventure 's other JumpStart products . Meet CJ Frog and Edison Firefly , two partners who travel all over ! CJ 's neices and nephews , some frisky tadpoles and polliwogs , drop by one day , in search of a rainy day game of hide-and-seek ! CJ and Edison agree to seek , but those tadpoles go into CJ 's time machine to hide all over the world and all over time ! CJ and Edison need your help to track down the tadpoles . I love the sphynx decorating activity in Egypt ! You choose a head , make a face , and add some extra things ! Also , the cat-taking-care-of activity is fun and funny -LRB- the cat makes expression-filled funny noises when you put pink makeup on her ! -RRB- I learned a lot of history from this program . I like the dogsled activity , but it is sometimes hard to control . It also has some great jokes and stuff . The llama spitting at you is not the best , but you would expect it to not be good for a llama to spit at you , even if the llama is in the computer . I want to try some of the craft instructions you get as presents ! They look cool ! Overall , a nice , exciting , fun JumpStart game that teaches history and other things . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 You can call me Russian Blue Witch -LRB- RBW for short -RRB- . The first thing I want to say about this game is it 's great ! It all starts when one rainy day the tadpoles dropped by without knocking . They want to play hide-and-seek , but instead of just hiding , they climb aboard CJ 's time portal to hide within time . They think that CJ will never find them there . Think again , small tadpoles ! With your help , CJ and Edison zoom thru time to rescue those pesky tadpoles . The age range dose n't seem correct , because I am over the top of it . I learned everything it teaches about Egypt before , but with practically everything else I 'm stumped -LRB- without playing this program , that is -RRB- . Anyway , it 's very good at teaching you while you play a fun game . It has games where you take care of animals , games where you pick plants , and other games that are great fun ! One of my favorite games is in the pilgrim area where you prepare for the feast . The only problem is , it dose n't last long . They also have mazes where you collect items on your way to the end of the maze , but the problem is the maze is timed and so you feel like you have to skip over some bonus items to make it to the finish in time . It is a great game for all ages and I highly reccomend it . ~ Russian Blue Witch
 I ordered this game from Amazon as an addition to our collection of other Jumpstart games -LRB- we have the Preschool , Kindergarten and 1-2 grade games -RRB- . It only took a few seconds to install and my 5 year old son loves it . He has been been playing with it for almost an hour now and has already learned to use a map and a compass and followed Marco Polo on a silk road to China ... while in `` China '' he learned about the country , it 's history as well as it 's culture , flora and fauna . -LRB- there are also Egypt , the Inca empire and many other places to explore and learn about -RRB- Can not recommend it enough . It 's the best $ 5 you will ever spend on a child 's toy . .
 Hello , and welcome to my review ! This game taught me and my older sisters a whole bunch of facts about Ancient Egypt , the Pilgrims , China , and Antarctica . You go to different times and places to play educational -LRB- sometimes -RRB- games and to do an interactive hide-and-seek game . The most annoying thing is that when you replay the game on the same user you miss some of the games and cutscenes that you get the first time . There 's also a maze game that 's REALLY boring and hard , it also does n't teach anything . You can skip it but they do n't make that clear at all . One of the great educational games is a brief quiz about the place you 're going to . Despite my criticism , this is a great game . Sincerely , Chocolate Dog .
 Awesome graphics and lots of mini-games . Me and my friends love to play this game together . Herding Raptors , sneaking past the TRex in T-Rex Extreme and Raging Raptors are my favorites . The dinos , especially the T-Rex and Raptors , are just like the movie .
 This is one of the coolest games you will ever play . It 's like a board game but everywhere you land there 's a different game . Lots of the games are freak out scary like the movie . You have to fix a fence before a raptor catches up and kills you ! You have to sneak past a T-rex and if you do n't make it you get eaten alive ! The dinosaurs are totally realistic . And the dueling dinosaurs game RULES !
 Jurassic Park Danger Zone is great ! It is also fun ! In Jurassic Park Danger Zone you have to collect 4 units of Dinosaur DNA . you get to choose witch Dinosaur ` s DNA you want to collect.you can collect T-rex , Spinosaurus , Velociraptors , Compsognathus , Brachiosaurus , Triceratops , Stegosaurus , and Pteranodons DNA . You also can print out dinosaur cards .
 This is a fun game . In the game , you get to capture different dinosaurs in six eye-popping , 3D levels . The game is filled with action , adventure , and TONS of different dinos to battle . The music in the game is also quite good . This game gets a 4.5 out of 5 from me .
 I know this game is geared towards younger people , but as a 35 year old working woman I find it great to play a game where I can get lost in the action . I can play this game for hours ! I like to play two dino defenders at a time because it seems like a lot more fun . This is a great game , I hope everyone who plays it has a good time as I do when I play .
 This item came in a lot faster than I expected ; a week early ! It came in great condition and my daughter loves this game .
 I thought that this game was great . It had some of the best graphics that I 've seen . The basic idea of the game is also very good , as it also goes along with Dino Defender . Both Games are very good .
 My 4yr old niece received this for her birthday and loves it ! For a computer toy , it really encourages creativity . It includes seasonal activities , birthday , tea party , decorating a room and many others . There are enough options that she will not accomplish the skill , then be bored with the game . Her favorites are decorating the birthday cake and then watching the candles light ; and also with Halloween approaching she can decorate her own Jack O'Lantern . My 3 yr old is able to do many of the activities also . I would really recommend this as a fun computer game .
 little girls will have a fantastic time exploring 8 different areas in search of birthday surprises . fairies and friends lovable dolls and enchanting activites give your small sweet heaRT SOMETHING NEW EVERY TIME ... This is a simple game . Takes planning and logic to get through the child oriented activities.Our daughter gave it high marks . But in reality it did not hold her attention for too long .
 i have this game and it cant get better . i feel like i have a doll behind the computer . its fun to play in the play scenes and play with my dolls . i wish there were more dolls but i aint cmplainin ' . its still very fun for the young kids . i got it 2 years ago and i still love it even though im out growin it ' . very fun though . im 11 and i wan na sure my happiness with the world . i love this game and i want you to try it and have fun with it .
 I 'm 19 now and I still remember how excellent this game was as a child . . might buy it now just for the memories . So much fun . Cute and interesting . Played it over and over .
 My daughter started playing this game when she was 2 1/2 and still loves it . It is easy for kids to interact with and very educational . I recommend it for all kids getting ready for KG . It helps with matching , rhyming , and more !
 The disc and instruction manual arrived in a slightly worn box , but it was the goodness inside that mattered . The disc did n't have a scratch on it and the manual was in perfect condition . My kids had a copy of preschool but we decided to step up to kindergarten and it was a good choice -LRB- and price -RRB- .
 This software was extremely helpful in my journey to speak French . I had always trusted Berlitz and their fine , effective techniques in teaching new languages . It was easier for me to decide which of the many programs to use because of the high reviews from my peers.The fun , lively backgrounds and real life experiences made the experiences all the more enjoyable . The interactive persona who guide you through the directions makes this a easy to learn software . This an excellent way to learn the new steps to a language ! It provides excellent grammar , vocabulary , and feedback !
 The Muzzy language DVD sets by British BBC company have been extremely expensive , famous and popular in the US and Europe for many yrs . There are 5 languages available in Muzzy
 I got the one with all the languages . Extremely overpriced but worth it . I have a 3 and 7 year old and they speak primarily English and understand spanish but do not speak fluently yet . I am Spanish but my husband is Italian . I bought it for that reason . I made them watch it first in English , then Spanish . They watched all the cds -LRB- 1-12 -RRB- and they speak spanish so much better . We are now working on Italian . Worth every penny .
 We recently purchased the Kelly Club software by Mattel Media for our 5 year old daughter , and we have found it to be an excellent product . Our daughter will get bored with a game quickly if it does n't continue to interest and challenge her . She played with the Kelly Club game for over 2 hours the first day we installed it . There are plenty of interesting fantasy games to explore within Kelly . Amoung the different worlds to explore is a clubhouse , a castle , an underwater world , and a search for a magical Unicorn . Each area has a variety of games to play , as well as numerous dress up games . The graphics are colorful , and obviously very appealing to a 5 year old girl.We also found that the game was easy to navigate . Our daughter had no difficulty exploring all the different worlds built into the Kelly game software . This is a great game for a young girl to play with , and get used to using a computer . It offers lots of fun , and plenty of practice at making one 's way around a computer .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas -LRB- we are both big Kelly fans -RRB- . I had to try it out before putting it away for Christmas . It was so cute that I gave it to her early . She loves it . There are 7 different `` worlds '' you can go into -LRB- a tea party , mermaid , snow scene , greenhouse , decorate a unicorn , an animal safari and castle -RRB- . Some of the worlds have games you can play as well as being able to decorate or dress Kelly in different clothes . This game is very cute and I recommend it to anyone with a little girl . I am going to buy one for my niece .
 My five year old daughter bought this game with some of her birthday money about 2 months ago . It 's a great game , interesting , fun , and easy enough for the younger kids to navigate and play without parental help . It 's a combination of simple games and decorating fun , and in each game you can choose different clothes for Kelly and friends , it 's perfect for the younger girls . It is also fun and interesting enough for her two older sisters to play -LRB- they are 7 and 10 -RRB- , although the 10 year old does get bored with it faster than the younger ones do .
 My nine year old daughter recommends that you should get Kelly Club because it is really fun ! It has really good activities to play . You can catch stars and decorate a unicorn and a snowman . You get to decorate a seashell and make your own scrapbook . There is a tea party game and a jungle safari . You get to dress up all the characters in all the activities . There is so much to play with in this game ! It is very fun .
 This is a great game for a preschool age girl . It has many different areas to explore with great graphics . Very user friendly to little hands . I only had to help my daughter the first time and now I 'm not allowed to play anymore . You can print out the different scenes from the scrapbook after decorating . Keeps her interest and she can change it every time .
 THIS IS ONE OF MY DAUGHTER SCARLETT 'S FAVORITE CD 'S NOW . SHE REALLY ENJOYS THE GAMES AND ESPECIALLY THE PET RESCUE . THIS IS REALLY SAYING SOMETHING WHEN THIS CHILD HAS MORE THAN 200 CD 'S OF HER OWN TO CHOOSE FROMGOOD JOB MATTEL !!
 My friend and I are both 14 and recently were talking about our childhood games and what we played with when we came across the recollection that we both played KELLY CLUB ! As we were earlier describing of just an amazing video game we played with we both realized is was this same amazing game ! Every little girl should get this game and play with it because if we still are 14 and are ordering it off amazon to play with , it is obviously worth it !!! have fun ! : -RRB-
 We have not used it as of yet , Kelly will be one of my daughter 's Christmas presents . She loves Kelly though , has a lot of Kelly items and I am sure this will be a special treat under the tree for her as she is not even aware that Kelly has a software product . She 's going to go for this out of all the other toys and software that `` Santa '' brings her . I know that for a fact . O.k. how do I know it . If you guys promise not to tell anyone , I 'll tell you . I should change the `` we have not used it as of yet '' to my daughter has not used it as of yet . You know I just had to make sure it worked , so I put it in . It 's really a lot of fun . I love it and I 'm not 4 , so I know she 'll adore it . I have to fess up to it , I played it . Parents need to check out the items when they come to make sure they are working properly . Just an excuse . I have no excuse . I love Kelly as much as my daughter . Now I must wait until Christmas to borrow my daughter 's Kelly software , and I 'm sure she will not let me get my hands on it . It 's really a lot of fun , if I think so , she 'll love it . She loves Kelly , so how could you not love a product like this ?
 Kinetic gives quite a bit to work with . Few will find the need for more than is given here with a great range of presets and 3 robust , full featured synthesizer plugins . Each of which also sound great straight out of the box ! The interface is easy and insanely fun . I would only say that if the music you are looking to make is less loop based and more full composition , or if you are looking for a traditional sort of plug and play and record approach you may find that kinetic is a bit confined by it 's loop and dance based chains . I would say that it is though possible to break from these and it 's not that hard a task either . Remember , that is what this program is for ! It is great for loop-based music , like dance and electronica of all styles . Also , rewire it to a DAW and it will be like adding a sound arsenal to whatever you are working on !
 I love this software !! It is great for doing loop based music . It is so flexible and tweakable . The effects are great . The Roland Groovesynth is awesome . I have an old MC-303 and this is like that x10 . Much easier to do patterns and grooves . You can input your own VSTi 's and samples for expanded sounds .
 I bought this program not too long ago and I love it . I have been waiting to get this for a long time and now I finally have it . Now I just need to be able to use it more efficiently ... This program has a lot on it and the sooner I know what all I have to work with the better I can use it !
 One of my fav . beat mixing programs out there . Came to my house a lot quicker than expected .
 My four year old boy twins can not get enough of this game . It has taught them to have responsibility for their real animals and has helped them to have tons of creative play away from the computer . We are always blow drying our stuffed animals hair now ! They have been playing Pet Shop for over a year now and are never bored of it . I highly recommend it for kids who love animals .
 I have 4 1/2 year old boy/girl twins and they just love to play this game . It keeps their attention and is easy enough that they can play it without my help . My daughter especially loves to give the animals a check up . I highly recommend this game . We have a couple of the other Fisher Price games and they are also very good .
 My daughter , 5 , loves to play this game . She dresses up the animals in very creative ways and feeds them too . The game holds her attention over many other `` fancier '' type programs . She loves to bathe the dogs and give them a check-up too . She even prints out her creations . Best of all , this is a game that she can do by herself . A lot of other games seem to be a bit difficult for her age . This one is truly for young kids.I would say that this game is worth the money .
 My children -- a boy 7 , girl 4 , girl 2 -- absolutely love this game ! They play it over , and over , and OVER , and never tire of it . We received it free when we purchased the Big Action Garage -LRB- also a great game -RRB- a couple of years ago , and I think that they prefer it to any other games we have . Cute pictures , easy to navigate , fun sound effects & imaginative activities . HIGHLY recommended !
 Our 3 year old loves this , but it is too simplistic for our 6 year old . Overall , a very good product for children 3-5 . Children over 5 1/2 will probably be bored after about 3 uses .
 While not the flashiest or most educational game out there , my 4 year old son returns to this game often . It 's easy for him to navigate thru it himself and he enjoys learning about the different pets , feeding the animals , and playing `` vet . '' I highly recommend all Fisher Price games -LRB- we also have `` Castle '' and `` Christmas '' -RRB- for pre-schoolers .
 My 7 year old daughter got this last year for christmas and she still sits and plays it all the time . You pick your own animals and set up your pet shop , then you care for your pets , groom them , and dress them up . Her favorite thing about this I think is the music she is always singing along with it . My 3 1/2 year old son likes this too it 's easy for him to play it all by himself .
 I 'm actually buying a replacement CD . My oldest daughter loved this , now my youngest daughter loves it but it got too scratched . It 's great because it 's so easy for them to learn and they can play it without getting frustrated -LRB- and I do n't have to bail them out ! -RRB- The song is nice , it 's not violent , it teaches compassion and both of my girls now want to be veterinarians . My youngest was 3 when she first played this , now she 's 5 and has a lot of other newer computer games but still likes to go back and play this one -- hence , the replacement CD .
 I got this game last year for my 3 year old son . He loved it so much . ... My 7 year old daughter really enjoyed playing the game too .
 My daughter has had this game for a little over a year , and she has never tired of it . It remains one of her favorite games . She is a big animal lover , so it is right up her alley . It is simple to use , yet allows her to be creative and use her imagination . A great game for boys or girls .
 My kids just love this game ... my three old has it at her preschool and had to have it at home . My six old plays it with her . Great game ! And this vendor did a great job in getting it to us quickly !
 I played this game when I was younger , and it was the BEST !! It 's the kind of game you do n't -LRB- thankfully -RRB- have to go help out a young child with . It is incredibly fun , especially for little girls -- you can dress up a poodle with a princess outfit ! Very , very , fun , and highly recommended .
 My Daughter has played this for years and now my 2 and half son has fun helping the hurt animals in the vet room . Simple fun game for young kids under 5 years is best .
 i love any game that has the word PET so i got this game . its so fun . i hate snakes but in this game they are so cute . its nasty that they eat eggs . i love have the animals act real and they sound real too . my favorite animals in this game are dogs , snakes , and rabbits . if you have a child that loves animals then you should get this game for them . i got this for christmas 2 years ago and i still enjoy it and play . its just so fun . i have to say its not like having a pet but it sure is like having an adoption center and thats better . this also teaches responsibilities -LRB- sorry about the spelling -RRB- im 11 and i learned a whole lot from this game . i thought having a pet was easy but its not . but at least i got my pet shop to look forward to the next day !!! :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB- bye
 I got this game on Amazon when I was nine , -LRB- by the way , I 'm still nine , anyway -RRB- It took forever to get here , but when it finally came , I nearly jumped out of my pants ! Level 1 is mildly hard , but extremely fun ! First of all , there 's a mini-movie that shows you being dropped on the island.Then the game -LRB- and the fun , -RRB- begins ! Explore all you want!But watch out for dinos ! -LRB- duh ! -RRB- If you go behind the main screen , you will find a pack of compies that will instantly attack you.This eventualy gets frustrating.Then I finally got to level 2 . Belive me , it 's hard!I eventualy abandoned the game . A year later , I played it again because I was bored.Now I 'm on level 3 ! It 's even harder ! Good luck !
 I love this game alot , I had this game since i was about 9 or 10 years old.I 'm not sure.The first time I played , i was frustrated.I could n't beat level 3 . So i abandoned it.I think when i was 10 i played it because I had nothing better to do.I then noticed that letting the pteronadon fly to the right gave me enough time to advance to the left.Now , I had come to the rise where rocks were falling.Failing many times i wanted to abandon it again.I noticed that there was a space i can position my self between the rocks.I had a blast going through level 4 and 5 , not sure about level 6 ... because i saw only 5 movies.I was happy I finnally finished the game.Now my game is damaged.I am now 11 and I am buying another copy of the game ! OPERATION : Typhoon !!! -LRB- jurassic park theme song -RRB-
 I think that Dino Defender is very fun . I play it all the time . But what I do n't like about it is there is no way to get past level 5 . Ido n't think it is to hard.Some of my friends little brothers have seen me play it , some thought it was neat , others thought it was scary because the dinosaurs look like they jump out at you .
 I think that Dino Defender is very fun . I play it all the time . But what I do n't like about it is there is no way to get past level 5 . Ido n't think it is to hard.Some of my friends little brothers have seen me play it , some thought it was neat , others thought it was scary because the dinosaurs look like they jump out at you .
 This is a great game with great graphics . It features Jurassic park -LRB- 1 -RRB- mission witch is to turn back on the power to Isla Nublar -LRB- the island witch Jurassic Park is on . -RRB- I would realy think about buying this game because it is great !!!!
 This game is the best i tested it it is fun !!
 This game is alsome ! You go around -LRB- ether a dino or not -RRB- to get past the level !
 This game is rated for ages 8 and over but , as a 55-year-old woman , I am well over the target market age and I ca n't stop playing this game , it is so much FUN ! If you want to forget about something , you certainly will while you are playing or thinking about how to work yourself around the rather sophisticated puzzles needed to `` capture your dinosaurs '' . The graphics are so realistic that I feel I am actually in the game and sometimes I find myself proud of conquering my life-long fears of height , water , and climbing , -LRB- not to mention the ferocious dinosaurs -RRB- ! Quite a challenge to the mind and exciting to the soul . Now , if I can only get past thatT-Rex ...
 I came upon this game quite by accident , it was on sale ... in a department store . Being an adult and an avid Juassic Park fan I figured I had nothing to lose and maybe just maybe it would be fun . I put it in my computer and my excitment at seeing the Jurassic logo come on was quickly daunted when I heard the singers singing `` Dino Defender ! '' I think remember saying something like `` Oh Gawd ! '' But I decided to give it a shot any way and was soon in the `` training center '' learning the moves for the actual game . I thought it was nice how it showed you to move yourself in different situations . Good training for you to move quickly later on in the game when you have to . The game has lots of action and excitement . I was really suprised and pleased . You have to go around the island and search out all the power boxes and turn them on , find your supplies , all the while trying not to be lunch for a T-Rex , raptors , Spinosarus etc. . . Some of the situations take LOTS of skill and plotting . Often times I was running scared trying to leap , climb up , get down open my arsenol and throw it at the dinosaur before I got eaten . I am suprised that kids can move up to the different levels as I said before some situations take lots of skill and plotting . I was sad to see when I reached the last level and saved the Park . It was a lot of fun and I had looked forward to playing it each evening after work . I highly recommend this game for everyone . OH ! do n't forget to Save often while playing this one !
 This game is pretty fun . I do n't know why some people complain that it is too hard . I beat it several times . You just have to be the kind of person who does n't get too discouraged and gives up too easily . I 'll admit some of my nephews and nieces ca n't beat it , so I think maybe it should be for ages 10 and up . But I got this game when I was like 12 and I had a lot of fun . I 'm now 16 and I still like it . The graphics are decent , the strategy is cool , the only thing I do n't like about it is it 's like a Super Mario game . You only view from the side . You ca n't move the camera in a 360 to view all of your three-dimensional world . But all in all , a fun , addictive game . I think I 'll go play it now !
 I got Dino Defender a few years ago and I love this game . The scenario is about a hurricane that struck the island and destroyed all the power on the island . So your job is to restore the power to the island by finding circut breakers and turning them on . you first go through a training level to learn all the moves . After that , you are dropped off onto the island . Seconds after being dropped off , there are compys following you . Also there is a raven with hungry raptors down in it . You 'll have to tranquilize them to get to the circut breaker . once you 've turned it on you want to get to level two . -LRB- By the way there are two circut breakers , so make sure you 've turned both of them on . -RRB- To get to level two , you have to swim to the other side of the island , then start swimming underwater , to an underground cavern . once inside , you 'll find the third , and final circut breaker . You have to turn it on , and then it will open the gate to level two . Once in level two , you have to climb stalagtights -LRB- sta-lag-tights -RRB- -LRB- which will only hold you for one second ! -RRB- then when you reach the first circut breaker it lets a elevator down . WHICH HAS A RAPTOR IN IT !! You have to run all the way back to your perch you just came from and tranquilize it . after that you use the elevator to get around to different places . In level two there 's falling rocks , hungry raptors , and stegosaurs you have to dodge . In level three , you have to dodge and hide from pteridons and dodge more falling rocks , and dodge baby pteridons and dodge a T-rex ! In level four , you have to run from a T-rex , jump onto Braceosaurs to get across from tree-to-tree and dodge a Spinosaurus and more raptors and T-rex 's ! in level five , the most heart pounding level , you have to go through an obstical course in a T-rex inclosure and get out before the one minute is over ! Then you have to dodge raptors and hot steam underground and then , finally you get out of underground , only to walk out into a Spinosaurus inclosure !!! Is even harder to beat and you have only two minutes to get out ! It took me a while to master this part , but it is still very hard ! After you get out , the Spinosaurus chases you into the museum and you have to knock him out by dropping dinosaur skeletons on him ! After you drop all there is to drop on him , the game is over , and you win dino cards to trade . This game is really fun and is really challenging and you will really injoy it . If you buy this game , your making a good choice !
 This game is dinorific because there is not much violence and not tofrustrating.My mom found it and I wanted it and now Im having a blast!I have beat it many times but I dont care I just keep playing it . I reallyLike the part when the T-REX falls in the hole it sounds like an Elephant.I think evryone would like this game .
 This game is geared for the younger audiance , but its really fun for me too . I 'm actually quite chalenged by it , I dont know how a younger kid could figure out the puzzles in this game.The gameplay is fast paced , the graphics are excelent , and teh dinosaurs are cool . My only complaint is that this game lacks demention . You can only move left or right , or climb up and down , and this really limits the game , and probobly takes away from the replay value.I really think this game is kinda hard , ...
 I 've personally been playing this game since i was a little girl . the controls are easy if you pay attention , and the levels are fairly unique . For the time it came out , the graphics were amazing , especially since it was for the pc . I would recommend this to anyone , not just the younger kids or the fans looking to relive their childhoods through this epic video game .
 My 6 year old son has played this game constantly for the last month . Despite the old graphics he loves it . I have even found the game addicting from time to time .
 Dino Defender is the most funnest game inthe world.Its a little scary when you get eatin by the dinos beacuse the dinos come out at you.Its also hard to get to all the swiches and I just cant get past levil 2 .
 We gave this to our 8 year old son for Christmas , because he loves Jurassic Park things . He has played it almost every day since . It is by far his favorite computer game . There 's not a lot of educational value , but it 's not scary or too violent , and it is just challenging enough for him without being too hard .
 I 'm from Chile and I ` am learning English in a Institute of languages of my country . I saw , bought and imported it . It has a well structured and interesting form of teaching and so funny . I think this software it 's very necessary to improve my second lenguage.Fernando
 I 'm puertorican and i learned english in school.I understand the language when somebody talks to me , but i was having problems in communicating , expressing , and speed.I bought this software and is PERFECT , it has a video dialog , vocabulary with voice recognition that tells you if you 're pronunciating the words correctly , vocabulary practice , grammar explanations and practice , role play where you can be one of the actors and form part of the dialog then you can listen to the role , quizes in listening , writing and speak -LRB- the last one is my favorite because the actor talks to you and you have to speak one of the answers `` you can listen the answers by click on it to know the pronunciation '' and if you do n't pronuciate it well he tells you that he do n't understand -RRB- , it has games too . Now i can speak the english with no fear when i go to USA for vacations . !!! YOU 'RE NOT GON NA FIND A BETTER SOFTWARE THAN THIS TO IMPROVE YOUR LISTENING , SPEAK , AND WRITING !!!!!!
 Compre este product para familiares que recien acabaron de llegar a USA y la verdad les encanto , Producto esta bien elavarodo y es muy dinamico . Ellos no se durmiron , eso es bueno ya que con otros producto anteriores solo se aburian . Esto es recomendable para gente que esta en el nivel Initial/Intermedio de ESL .
 Tommy Treads is a friendly little car who captivated my 3 year old and still has his attention 1-1/2 years later . Children can use their problem solving skills , race at the track , paint and detail in the body shop , give a tune-up and much , much more with this fun and creative software .
 I purchased the Fisher Price Garage software for my 4 year old grandson . I was leery of buying it since I had previously purchased some poorly designed and frustrating software for preschoolers . I am happy to say I am very impressed with this one . One of the things I like the most about it is it 's perfect for his age and his present computer skills . The visual and verbal instructions are very straighforward -- he has had no trouble understanding what to do . Since he can not read yet , he only needed a little help the first few times using it.There are activities for children with different levels of computer skills . -LRB- I would say a 3 year old could do some of the activities . -RRB- Some of the features he could do all by himself the first time which made him feel competent -LRB- and made me happy because I did n't have to listen to whining -RRB- . The Diesel 's Palace maze -LRB- similar to a Pac-man game -RRB- is more of a challenge for him . It is great to have a racing game that a preschooler can do too -- I think it is just right for a 4 year old -- challenging and fun , but not so hard he never wins . The car detailing feature is also impressive -- quite a few vehicle choices and many , many stickers to `` jazz things up '' . Loads of fun for preschool boys or girls.Overall , I am very happy with this software and my grandson just loves it -- he is learning more computer skills , has a lot of laughs , and just plain fun .
 I picked this up on a lark , not knowing that my three-year-old would take over the computer ! He LOVES this software so much that he wants to play with it first thing in the morning -- and all day if it were possible . It is perfect for teaching preschoolers how to use a mouse . The activities are simple and loads of fun . I 've tried other software packages designated for preschoolers , but they were too complicated to hold my son 's attention . His favorite part is spray-painting the car and printing out the picture . Now our house is plastered with these `` works of art ! '' The great thing is that he 's learning to use the computer while being challenged and entertained .
 me -LRB- 10 -RRB- and my brother -LRB- 7 -RRB- always play this after school . we design and print and play many of the games in it . my brother always hogs the computer so when he sleeps i play . my mom gets mad because we print too much but all the cars are hanging on my walls . even though im a girl i still enjoy it . anyway its worth evrything , and its cheap ... well now.i love fisher price and this is the best one they made . thankyou ! oh and dont be fooled by the car , if you have a daughter who loves fisher price get this for her .
 This game is alot of fun both my 7 year old and 3 year old love it . The graphics are great and works on XP . If you have a car lover this is a game he/she will love : -RRB-
 This `` game '' is perfect for getting your child used to the multiple choice set of todays tests . It is set up in a way that is not intimidating to the player and is fun as well . This product is teaching my child information that she has not learned yet in class . I love it !
 I am using this program and others to home school a nine year old . He thoroughly enjoys learning with this type of computer product.Thanks for the speedy shipping too.Shirley
 This combination of Southern Rock and Blues leaves chills down ones spine as Chris and his boys serenade you to a place where poetry is set in motion . His raspy voice and lyrical intellect combine with a life 's tale to create worls of imagination and wonder . With the never-before-releases and famous hits this set is must have for fans of the arts . From `` Thick and Thin '' to `` Bad Luck Blue Eyes , Goodbye '' it has it all .
 I love the album , but read the `` critics review '' what an idiot . Amorica was excellent , three snakes was ok , and certainly not carrer destroying . By Your Side will rebuild their stature as the most rock and roll band . The `` critic '' must not be a fan at all . The video 's , screen savers , and stickers are great . No matter what anyone says the crowes are the best .
 While a lot of people think that the Crowes efforts since Shake Your Money Maker have , well , sucked , I say thee NAY ! Just cause their albums following SYMM were n't money makin hits does n't necessarily mean that the albums sucked ... it just means that you should not believe everything you hear/read ... except this review of course !!
 If you love to feel great music , no matter what your said taste , The Crowes will give you a line or a lick to hold on to . Then you can climb in to their world of juicy and soulful sound that has never been equalled . You wo n't want to climb out .
 This box set is a wonderful compilation of the Black Crowes work so far . It also contains some previously unreleased songs that were not put on the albums . It 's well worth the money .
 If you are a black crows fan this is the pot o gold at the end of that rainbow . Extra songs , videos , and a live cd with a few tracks . All at a truly affordable price .
 I have been with The Black Crowes from the start . Their music inspires me . As it does everyone who connects with them . Chris Robinson 's voice is so powerful , and full of emotion . Their music encaptures every emotion a person may have , because they write about themselves . The highs and the lows , of being The Black Crowes . They are 100 % real . This box set shows everyone who is willing to listen exactly who and what they are .
 The `` official '' review of this set is idiotic . While the technical stuff and bonus items are n't great , I do n't think they detract from the music at all . And to call Amorica a lesser effort and Three Snakes and One Charm a huge failure is just plain stupid . This set is excellent ! What I was hoping for was some more unreleased music . I guess it 's just wishful thinking on my part but the Crowes have some great music that they have released as B-sides -LRB- Darling of the Underground Press -RRB- and , well , just plain never released -LRB- You 're Wrong -RRB- . I would like to see an actual album that has these songs and more -LRB- I wish they would cut Jealous Guy in the studio ... or give us an excellent live version -RRB- on it . But until then , this set will do just fine and the bonus songs are all great .
 I 've been a die-hard Black Crowes fan ever since I heard `` Jealous Again '' on the airwaves in 1990 . Since then , I 've bought every Black Crowes item I could get my hands on . I bought this box set when it came out , even though I already had the original discs . The multimedia and the bonus tracks made it well worth it , in my opinion.The `` Sho ' Nuff '' box set contains the first four studio albums in multimedia format -LRB- complete with music videos , screen savers , and bonus tracks -RRB- , plus a live EP , and two big Black Crowes stickers -LRB- one round logo sticker , one big crow head -RRB- . I 'm not going to bother raving about how great the music is itself ; if you did n't like a band 's music enough to consider possibly buying a box set , then you would n't be reading this!Multimedia discs have unfortunately become a rather dated `` 90s '' thing , in this day and age of DVD-R drives , Flash , video podcasts , and high-speed internet . So for those who do n't know , multimedia discs act as both an audio CD and a computer CD-Rom . But the multimedia part in these particular discs is a bit of a pain to navigate . You have to `` install '' the program from the disc , then use the installed shortcut to run the program . This brings you to a panel where you can turn on the given `` screen saver '' . And I use that term in quotes because it is n't a screen saver you can install and use like regular screen savers . You can only run it from the main menu , which again only works when you have the disc in the drive ! There are two links , one to Sony 's store , and one to thetallest.com -LRB- long since dead , and bought by somebody else -RRB- . The music videos are in Quicktime , 320x240 resolution . If you have trouble getting these or the disc ca n't recognize your updated version of quicktime , just exit the program , navigate the disc iteself , and look for the * . mov files.Oh well , it all seemed excellent at the time , even if it looks dated by today 's standards . So it goes with technology.The music was also digitally remastered , though personally I did n't think the recordings needed it in the first place . Especially 3 Snakes and One Charm -- come on , just two years after the first release ? I ca n't really tell too much of a difference , so no harm done.The fifth disc , `` The Black Crowes Live '' -LRB- not to be confused with the double `` Live '' disc that was released years later in 2002 -RRB- has five live tracks and runs about a half hour long . The songs were recorded over several nights in March 1995 at the Beacon Theatre in New York City . It was only released as part of this box set . It 's a nice quality recording . Anybody who has seen the band perform live knows that they never play a direct recreation of the album recordings . I always preferred their live version of `` No Speak No Slave '' to the studio , and `` Hard to Handle '' here includes a horn section.For those curious about the physical details , here you go . The five discs come in their own individual jewel cases , which snugly fit front-to-back in the box . The four studio albums have all the original sleeve artwork . I compared these to the originals , and aside from the bonus track listings and record company logos , there 's no difference . The disc artwork on the last two are the same as the originals . Disc artwork has been added to the first two -LRB- they originally did n't have any , as was the norm for CDs in those days -RRB- . My only complaint I suppose is `` Great , but we could use more of everything here ! '' They had more music videos than what was given here . They especially had TONS and tons of quality live recordings -LRB- thanks to the band 's open-taping policy -RRB- which made fore just as many unreleased songs as `` released '' songs -LRB- yes , I took the time to count them and compare -RRB- , in the form of B-sides , studio demos , live-only originals and especially live-only covers . Why the set was released the way it was , I do n't know . But looking at the way other band 's box sets have been released , I know they could have done it much worse ! So with the music and the price , it 's still a 5-star rating to me .
 If you want to buy all four Crowes Studio albums at once , this is your thing . It 's got Shake your Money Maker , The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion , The original version of Amorica , and Three Snakes and one Charm , all remastered and with bonus tracks , plus attractive packaging and a bonus Live EP , and also CD-ROM material . The only flaws would be through the albums themselves.Overall , I 'd give it a 95 .
 I bought this box set , even though I already had the first 3 albums . I wanted the bonus tracks and wanted to hear it remastered . All four studio albums here can stand on there own , each has its own highs and some lows , but together , the listener gets blown away . The price is right and the listener will not be disappointed . the black crowes are the group for this generation , just as the stones was and is for the 60 's generation
 This box set gives you it all . I only owned `` By Your Side '' before I saw the Crowes in concert . After that , I knew Sho ' Nuff was the way to go . A highlight from the live disc has to be `` Hard to Handle '' . This is a different version of the song , with a brass section . 3 Snakes and Companion are great and Money Maker is incredible . Amorica is n't bad and neither is the live disc . This is all you need when it comes to great , heartfelt , southern rock and roll .
 This box set is amazing and the group I got it from was awesome about getting it to me in a timely manner . I will most definately buy from them again ...
 Ok if you like the band and have already purchased these cds no need to get it , unless your need everything they have ever done . This box set comes with a live cd of older stuff . I did n't own previouslly any of the other disc because I always borrowed them so I purchased this when I was ready to have my own copies .
 I had already owned their four studio albums for years but I bought this boxed set anyway and I am still blown away by the live EP and the unreleased tracks . When you put those together wit hall the other great songs they have recorded you get one of the most consistent rock and roll box sets ever . I love it !
 If you have been waiting for postponed release of their next album ... then this ought to tide you over ! It is a must have for all Black Crowes fans ! The live CD is better than any bootleg and definately worth the purchase price alone . Do n't forget ... this set is interactive ! Pop it in your computer for the videos too !!
 This box-set is amazing for the content of the music . As a die-hard fan , I was a bit disappointed by the lack of some sort of written material by the band . The addition of previously-unreleased-on-album material -LRB- some songs have been released as B-sides to singles -RRB- was fabulous . I know for a fact that there are many more recorded tunes out their that the crowes have tucked away in their vault . Songs that are only released on import versions of their albums . As a USA citizen and fan of the band , I feel we need to demand that the band release those songs in a B-sides collection for our enjoyment . It 's just not fair to deny their home country 's public from songs like `` Tied Up and Swallowed '' -- from a German import of Amorica .
 If you love to feel great music , no matter what your said taste , The Crowes will give you a line or a lick to hold on to . Then you can climb in to their world of juicy and soulful sound that has never been equalled . You wo n't want to climb out . The Black Crowes give you the experience in a box called SHO ' NUFF
 I purchased this for my daughter 's 7th birthday , she really really wanted it ! Installing it was a breeze , the controls were easy , and every move and puzzle was intuitive . There were some moments in the game where she became frustrated , especially the ending sequence which involved jumping onto moving pads . The only shortcoming is that it was not long enough . She finished the entire game in a weekend . It is pretty graphics intensive , so make sure your computer is up to snuff .
 -LRB- May include spoilers -RRB- Aaah . I remember getting this game when my dad came home from a business trip . I was at Big Lots . It was either this , or a Barbie doll ... I picked this game , and that was the right choice ! It was late , though , so I could n't install it - . - The next morning , I did , and . . and . . It 's . So.Much.FRIGGIN.FUN . I mean , I 've liked Barbie ever since I was little . . And this brings back alot of memories . I LOVEEEEEE Barbie Carnival Caper and Barbie Super Sports , and this is my second fave ! You start off by training . You do Stealth , which teaches you to sneak past guards and security cameras , and to roll under lasers that you might encounter . Next is '' Adventure '' , where you learn to create diversions and use the Robot Puppy to retrieve things you ca n't reach . And finally , there 's Action , where your able to run and catch people . You only use it a few times in the game , but it 's still so much fun . After you train -LRB- you have the option to skip the training if you 've already played the game -RRB- your friend Teresa gives you a call . She 's devastated that a mystery person stole her fashions that she was going to feature in a once-in-a-lifetime fashion show . Then , the fun starts . You 'll have to play this game to see what 's next . . But one thing 's for sure , it 's a helluva fun game!Get it or I 'll slap you . -LRB- JK -RRB-
 My daughters absolutely loved this game , and I do too . They liked it so much , that we wore out the first CD-Rom , and had a buy a new one . Then they wore out the second CD-Rom . I 'm considering buying a third . This game is challenging , but also keeps players frome `` dieing '' and has no violence . I like that the way Barbie `` fights '' villians is buy blowing make-up into their faces . After my kids became familiar with this game , they transformed their play into a tag type game -LRB- No computer needed -RRB- . We would take turns pretending to be Barbie , or the guard , and sneak around the house finding clues , and blowing imaginary powder into each other 's faces . Hence , you can see how much my kids enjoyed this game . Even though it is super old , I highly recommend it .
 When I first got this I thought it would be like the disappointing Race and Ride games and the Detective Barbie game or Super Sports . But this game actually turned out to be fun . And it is a challenge in a lot of ways -LRB- avoid cameras and bandits and things of that nature -RRB- . It is quite interesting to travel to exotic places in ALL the continents of the earth . I felt that this game would be a challenge for young girls and it takes longer than a day to beat ! Thats saying something about a Barbie game . I recommend this game to all young girls and other ages as well . It is fun unlike other Barbie games that I have played .
 Ok , so I first played this game when I was around 7 , and I loved it ! Just this year I was helping clean out the basement and I stumbled upon this game again . I popped it into the CD drive and was buffeted by some amazing graphics and sound . This game only took me a couple hours to beat , but it . Was . Epic . The only thing I did n't like is that once you beat the game , that 's it . No new missions , no new enemies , nothing . I would highly recommend this game to little girls and their mothers , but also crazy 14 year olds that love adventure . -LRB- Heh like me . -RRB- = P
 Hi , this is BARBIE LOVER . As other reviewers have said , the soundtrack is AWESOME!There is also music for each location , and it really fits in ! My fave training is Action training ; I spent like 10 minutes listening to the great music!The graphics are great too ! When I was in Tokyo I saw 2 billboards.One advertised `` Gigapop '' -LRB- does Gigapop even exist ? -RRB- and showed Japanese writing with a photo of a real lady holding a green can.Okay ... sort of weird.The other billboard was white with the Gigawatt logo and some more Japanese writing . I wonder what it says ... Anyway , the ads are n't headache-causing for me , and they 're cool.This game again ROX , # 1 !!!! BARBIE LOVER PS See my other more detailed review on Barbie Secret Agent -LRB- Jewel Case -RRB- !
 This game is the bom ! I got it when I was 6 for a christmas present and it looked really fun . I was a little stressed out about it when I first started playing it . I would get scared of the lasers ! It was hard at first so I got my sister to play it with me . Well , it took almost two years to finish it ! And we were so proud but sad that the adventure was over . Since then -LRB- I am 12 ! -RRB- I have been playing it more often and got so good at it that I can finish playing it in two hours . I really love this game ... I really hope they make another great game just like this but please buy it at the recommended age ,8 because I cryed every time I missed a lazer when I was six and I would get very very stressed !!!!!!!! Everyone should have this game !!!!!!!!!!!!! I love how she gets to go around the world and use awsome gadgets ! the plot is also very interesting and the suspects are very unxpected ! I never could tell that the person who did it did !!!!!!!!!! LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 you should get this game its a lot harder than the other barbie games the graphis are n't to great but do n't listen to people who give it 1 star they are probably a teenager and their little sister got it and they said it was stupid but it 's not its a lot of fun if you like girly games you might like this but if you 'll like brats that steel fashion and trick into getting last ingredients like one of the girls one this game you will also like this game .
 My six year old says ... `` it 's a really really really great game . I love it . Barbie does a lot of tumbles and I like her cool gadgets . ''
 I have had this game for two years , and I 'm still playing it almost everyday ! This game let you play as Barbie , walk around , chase shadowy figures , talk to people , and more ! Go to Japan , and more places !
 Secret Agent Barbie was awesome ! I love it ! It is the best . Using your mind is really fun , unlike some other games . It is the coolest . I really like the game !
 Hi , I am a very young girl . This game is the best thing that has ever happened to me . I mean like wow ! Barbie ! You know . If I could just have one wish it would be to be Secret Agent Barbie . Like this was so cool ! Like the game was the best ever . I am going to play it again and again and again , because of my precocious little girl nature . As I was telling my good friend the other day `` Somtimes its hard being six , but a game like Barbie Secret Agent makes it so worth it . '' My friend says back to me `` You know Emma you are right , Secret Agent is the BEST GAME EVER ! '' . `` Super-Bestest , my good friend . Super-Bestest '' says me .
 This game is GREAT !!! All my friends have it . I am a big fan of Barbie and I have played all the Barbie games and by far this is my favorite . You get to do all kinds of fun stuff like sneaking by bad guys and jumping over lasers . The only thing that could have made it better is if Barbie had a JET pack.@- -RCB- --
 My 10 year old daughter liked this game and played it with great interest . Unfortunately , she solved it in 3 days of use . She was hoping for more adventures and levels . It has only one mission to solve even though the user visits many `` exotic '' locations and must learn to use newly acquired skills and abilities . It 's interesting , but too short for the older girls . It would seem to last longer for younger girls who are learning how to play computer games .
 Really really really , important stuff first - Make sure you have a 3d Video card , and uninstall the Barbie genie bottle if you have it.Now , the review.I have to admit , when the first wave of Barbie software moved into my household , I was a little worried . Doing nails and hair just are n't my thing , but I found that even a 34 year old guy can enjoy , `` software for girls . `` So pleased was I with the Barbie Hairstyler game , that in fact it was me who purchased Secret Agent Barbie . I was not let down.The full 3-D graphics are stunning -LRB- 3d video card required . -RRB- I do n't just mean they look good , they have the look and feel of artistry ; like a Hollywood cinematographer designed them.The soundtrack rocks . Not only is the music really really good , but it fits each scenario -LRB- hard rock for action mode , suspenseful music for stealth mode . -RRB- And not only does it fit , but it sounds great ! The action mode music has a brutally distorted rythm guitar with a very smooth string or synthesiser melody . As stated , it rocks.The story is very good . I have to give the designers a lot of credit for acknowledging that girls do not want a shoot-em-up . There is absolutely no violence in this game , but there is loads of sneaking around , puzzles , chasing , and jumping . It 's even exciting to watch.The game is very very playable , and after two times through the storyline I have found not one single bug -LRB- and I 've looked for them . -RRB- Some games defined in virtual 3d spaces have the tendancy to have things get stuck inside of other things . Like a character acidentaly jumping over a wall into an undefined room that there is no escape from because there is no floor to land on , aka - stuck . None of that here - hats off to the designers . There are a few scenes where the camera , which usually follows a chase plane perpsective , suddenly shifts to a third person view that makes it hard to control Barbie , but this only happes two or three times . I can usually tell from the kitchen when this occurs as it is followed by , `` DAD ! I need help . `` There are some aspects of the game that are especially aimed at femininity -LRB- the player gets to pick Barbie 's outfit many many times throughtout the game . -RRB- And there are some other subtle aspects that I find hillarious -LRB- All men - except Ken - have a beer gut , and Ken is at the bottom of the Barbie Secret Agent team 's totem pole , if he is on the pole at all . -RRB- The box says appropriate for a six year old . Content-wise I 'm sure this is true , but control wise ? I do n't think so . But , if you want to have some fun helping your kid protect the treasures of the world from evil , then pick it up . It 's a great game .
 Finally a different kind of Barbie game ... not based on the stereo-typical things for girls.In this game , Barbie is a secret agent looking to catch a villain who is traveling the world gathering ingredients for the secret plot . Barbie travels to all these locations -LRB- Egypt , N.Y. , Rio , Tokyo , Paris -RRB- ; she meets locals and gathers evidence on her way . Equipped with cool gadgets the user experiences a great deal of interactivity with both the surrounding and the characters.Secret Agent Barbie ties James Bond , Charlie 's Angels and Barbie together for an action packed game .
 I loved Secret Agent Barbie . Usually I think of Barbie doll as something for younger girls because some older girls seem to think of Barbie as lame or dumb or something , but not always because I do like her . Anyway , this game was so cool ! Barbie is a secret agent , and the game is so fun from the start ! It starts out on a plane , where Barbie goes in training to learn all these different moves like rolling and jumping . Barbie , being Barbie , uses cool gizmos and gadgets that look a lot like makeup . For example , to sneak past guards without them catching her or not letting her by , she takes out some powder that 's like foundation or blush and blows it in the person 's face to where he ca n't see for a moment but cough . She records private conversations using a lipstick I think it is , and she wears these pink sunglasses type things that enable her to see secret codes and combinations . She travels to exotic places like Paris , France and somewhere in Japan , also New York ; she always goes by plane and lands by parachute ! She chooses different clothes and outfits to wear and there are different modes to play-action is one . She has a robotic puppy , too . She also has a friend who talks to her a lot by a certain spy gagdet thing , who just happens to be in a wheelchair ! It 's funny , all the guard dudes look and sound the same . Sometimes Barbie can get a little annoying by saying the same things over and over , and the stuff can be frustrating by being challenging . Barbie 's mission includes finding some thief who 's making a invisible suit which Barbie gets to put on ! The theif steals special dye from some plant and clothes I think from a designer friend of Barbie 's , -LRB- who I think is Theresea -RRB- . Anyhow , this game is soooo really cool and a must-buy for girls this product would interest ! I have n't played it in a while though .
 Ok , I own Barbie Secret Agent . This game is the best , yet . Most Barbie games are dressing up , putting on fashion shows , and color-coordinating makeup . In this game , however , Barbie is involved in espionage . She flies all over the world -LRB- France , Rio , Tokyo , New York , Egypt -RRB- to spy on some super-secret thieves who have stolen some dye to make an invisible suit . Barbie goes to action mode , stealth mode , and her everyday mode . You can change her clothes and the colors everytime . You come with gadgets like the spy lipstick , spy puppy , infrared sunglasses and more . It 's suspenseful , but I recommend 10 and over ... young girls would have trouble playing .
 I was a thirteen year old when I recieved this . I had wanted it because I 'm into girls saving the world , spies , secret agents , you know , the NANCY DREW sort of thing.Barbie can jump from rooftop to rooftop , record secret conversations with a hidden device , find messages with a pair of sunglasses , and track a sneaky person using what looks like plain old perfume.Barbie can blow powder in a guard 's face when trying to sneak through a door she is not allowed in . You get a few seconds to put away the powder and walk past him.She can also sneak and tumble when she is in STEALTH MODE . In ACTION MODE you can run and jump , in ADVENTURE MODE you can talk to people and walk around . In all modes you can use your gadgets and do puzzles.You can go to Tokyo , Rio , Egypt , France , and New York in a private jet . Aboard the jet is a training room where you can practice all your 007 stunts.This was a nice game , except it was a bit hard . You never died , or lost a life , you just got to do it again . The spotlights , lasers , and the cameras are pretty hard to dodge , so a parent should accompany their daughter while playing this game.CIAO !!!
 Secret Agent Barbie is a fun game . I got it when I sprained my ankle a few years ago . It 's strongest point would probably be that there is something in it for everyone.But I also think that that can be it 's weak point . I like the action mode , but you can only be in that for certain parts of the game . Barbie 's pace is n't very fast in the other modes.Also , this game can be un-realistic . Like Barbie will say , ' I think that 's the suspect ! ' , but will take the time to change her outfit before she goes after him.This games a good one anyway . I 'd reccomend it to any girl who likes Barbie . But another weak point is that you do n't get to do much sleuthing on your own . It 's all set out for you . If you want a real challenge , I reccomend the Nancy Drew games , which are really good.Anyhow , this game is really nice . I 'd reccomend it 9 and under . If you like either action , adventure , or fashion , you 'd probably like this game !
 All I can say is it is the best 30 bucks I have spent so far when you consider I have bought literally HUNDREDS of dollars of computer games ! It is wonderful ! I have WIN XP and it works fine for me so far -LRB- Thank God ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 I got the barbie secret agent game for christmas about 2 years ago when i was 8 years and was not able to play it.Now i am 10 i am not really in to barbie and the game starts to work . I got half way through the game in about 2 hours and i finished the game the next day.It was a great game even though i do n't like barbie.Also it was very easy and the gards do n't notice you . I think this is a pretty good adventure game for younger kids .
 This is the best coputer game ever made it lets children who want to be gymnasts see how hard you have to work to earn your title as the best.I have played this game about 25 times a day since I have gotten it and it never gets boring it just keeps getting more and more interesting every time I play it.I love this game it is my favorite computer game out of the hundreds of computer games that I already have I may still be playing this when I am ninety-five !
 This game rocks ! I 'm in gymnastics , and I just love it . You start off in the lounge , where you choose the girl -LRB- s -RRB- you want to practice with , and you can choose one , two , or all three . Next you go to the roster and choose the gymnast and apparatus you want to work on . You can also look at each gymnast 's notebook , which illustrates all the moves they know . You can choose the moves you want , then put together a routine . Once you have finished , you get either a red check , which means you have to practice again , or a green check , which means you have done your routine well . When you are done , you can go to compitition ! After each compitition if you win you get new leotards and cooler , harder moves to put in your routines . -LRB- Hint
 My daughter is on pre-team in gymnastics and is almost 6 yrs . old . I 'm always looking for toys/games that are gymnastics related for her . I just bought this for her and I am hooked . I spent 2 days creating routines and competing to win the gold ! She likes it as well ... though it is a little difficult for her because you have to use the arrow keys and your space bar at just the right moment to perform the routines . She IS able to do it , but it is somewhat difficult for her . She will soon get the hang of it as it does n't really upset her ... she just keeps on playing anyway . I recommend this game for anyone who is in gymnastics or just has an interest in the sport . It is AWESOME to see the computer world creating more games for GIRLS now !
 Barbie Team Gymnastics is an excellent game for anyone who is a gymnastics fan or loves Barbie . I have always loved watching gymnastics on television and wondered how they performed those big skills , so I went out and bought this game . Your mission is to help Barbie , Christie , and Teresa work their way up to the Nationals and win the team trophy!To play , you start off by choosing the gymnast that you want to practice with , which can be Barbie , Christie , Teresa , or all three of them . You are then taken to the team roster , where you can choose the event you want to go to , or look at the gymnasts ' notebooks , which show all of the skills that they have learned . When you are in the practice room , you can create your routine using the skills you know and then practice them with the gymnast to get them correct . If you score on or above the target score that Kyra , your coach , has for you , Kyra will tell you that this routine is ready and you will then do another event . There are four events , vault , beam , floor , and bars , and after you finish practicing the routines and getting them down , you can go to competition!If the team places first in the competition -LRB- there are four total -RRB- , all the gymnasts will recieve new , more difficult and spectacular skills to put in their routines and new leotards to wear in practice and competition , too ! The game is so much fun and really helps time to fly by . It is fantastic for any Barbie or gymnastics fan and is quite easy to play , too .
 This game is awesome . It 's fun to get the new moves and the new outfits . It seems a bit complicated at first but after a few minutes it 's easy to understand . The girls can do full twisting double backs and double layouts and loads of other things . I highly recommend this game !
 I am in gymnastics and this is an awesome program . My older sister thought it was stupid at first , but now she likes it as much as I do . It 's great !!!!
 this is a great cd-rom for gymnasts everywhere , my best friend is also fasinated with this wonderful game.i am in pre-team gymnastics and i can not wait until i can do all the tricks the gymnasts can do in the game.every time you win a compition you get a new leotard and you earn new moves.this is truly a great game and i seriosly recomend it .
 My Daughter is hooked , but I can envision product improvements : I bought this for my 14 year old daughter who used to compete in gymnastics . Although see never got past level 5 , she really loves the sport , and tumbles whenever she gets the chance . She now works with the high school team . She was n't sure about this game at first , but once she got past the boring introductory period , she 's spending lots of time creating routines.I hope the developers put some more effort into creating follow-up versions of this game . My daughter would love to be able to create routines and use her own music creatiions . She has a music editing program and has been creating floor music as a hobby . It would be great to have her create complete routines . If it were possible to create routines and save them to a format which would run independent of the game , she would love to be able to make the routines portable to bring to her high school team practices , and to share with others.I also think the developers need to get together with USA Gymnastics so they can create a product which more closely resembles the way a meet is actually run . They should have all the levels , and each level should have a set of required elements . Players could then create optional routines within the level using these required moves . It could also be a great teaching tool at gyms .
 Barbie Gymnastics does not support XP which is a very new operating system , and if you read the requirements on the box , you will see that XP is not listed as the supported operating systems.Next time read the box before you buy .
 I absolutly love this game !!!!! our 98 windows broke down so we got an XP . This games is one of my fave games !!! I am on a Junior Olympic Gymnastics team and so I love making up routines ! But I have a window xp . SO the game WO N'T WORK !!! The makers of this game for a windows xp !!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE !!!!
 It is so cool ! Its really unique and I am glad someone made a gymnastics video game and I hope more people make cool games like this !!! This is a really good gym game and it is realistic . I know this becos I am a Level nine gymnast and I have had lots of experience in the gym !
 This year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- I turned 12 and so I decided to look for my old Barbie Team Gymnastics Game , since I am a Level 4 gymnast . I installed it and went through the intro video and then , when I tried to practice vault , I got that stupid error message CPU Not Returned . I got really angry and finally decided to search for a patch.I may only be 12 , but I am very computer advanced to most children my age , which is why , in the end , I was able to find a working patch which has made my Barbie Team Gymnastics Game work once more . Since most people who do these reviews say that they have a patch and they are really happy with it da da da , I am going to share with you the link where I found my patch . I have had no problems with it , so please do not hold me responsible if it crashes your server , gives you a virus etc. -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall , I think this game has wonderfully animated graphics and a chance for young girls to dream and create the routines that they dream of doing , like myself .
 I used to play this game all the time when I was younger . It was really fun and I loved it but somehow it got scratched and did n't work anymore . But otherwise this is a great game . And to the chick who said that its unrealistic , like how would you know your on level 5 im a level 9 gymnast and it 's a game like why would they make her do sit ups and push-ups and all the other stuff you mentioned .
 I first got this game when we had a Windows 98 . I fell in love with it when I played it ! It is so cool !!! You get to make routines for floor , beam , bars , and you get to chose what vault they do on vault !!!! Our computer -LRB- Windows 98 -RRB- died !!! GRRRRR !!!! So that means that I ca n't play the game anymore ! That totally STINKS !!!!! The creator of the game has to make a new one !!!!!!! I have saw other peoples review on this game and they have the same problem !!!! Since I am on a Junior Olympic Gymnastics Compitive Team I love to play this game !!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE MAKE A NEW GAME THAT WILL WORK ON A WINDOWS 2002-XP !!!!!! Thanks , Gymnst Girl
 My mom originaly bought this game for my little sister , who could n't play it very well because she was only five or six . I am teen , and found the game very fun . I love gymnastics , and though I ca n't do anything gymnastic-wise , I love the game ! I have even found a way to put my own songs into the game !! I have an ME computer , and downloaded a patch so I could play the game on my computer . I have also found a way to put songs from CDs and play them during practices and competitions . -LRB- I saved the song to my computer , converted the file to WAV , -LSB- it has to be WAV -RSB- and put it in the Barbie ` music ' file , which is under the ` sounds ' file , which is under the main Barbie Gymnastics file . You rename the song file either ` Pop ' , ` Classical ' , ` Hip-Hop ' or ` Latin ' , and it works ! -LSB- those titles are the names of the original songs that play during the game -RSB- Note
 This game that my mom bought me was the best because i wanted a game i could related since i ` m in gymnastics and this is it ! and because i like barbie alot ! it had cool rountines you can create and you can pick out the outfits and you can get more if you win competions this is a fun game !
 This is probably me and my sister 's favorite computer game . Both of us take gymnastics , and playing the game is so much fun ! A lot of the moves in this game are advanced , and my goal is to get to Level 10 and learn them all ! I love making up routines for Barbie , Christie , and Teresa . The routines are very exiting , and are fun to watch . I reccommend it to all gymnasts !
 I like this game as much as my 5 1/2 year old daughter . She is a computer game veteran and this one is much different than the others . It took her about 1/2 hour to get the hang of it and now we have so much fun playing . I even like to play it ! Hard to tell what it is like from the box description . You use the arrow keys to get barbie and two friends to do gymnastics routines . If you do not move the arrow keys as indicated fast enough you lose points . And you want a perfect 10 !! Geared for age 5 and up I would think , I think 5 1/2 or older is best .
 It 's wonderful and tells you what moves your doing , so you 're becoming more aquinted with gymnastics . It 's fun to watch your best routines on the T.V. and to pick out your leotard . When you win each meet , you get more leos !!!
 I am on the Level 5 gymnastics team at American Gymnastics , and I love thins game . Unfortunatly , even the creators should know that gymnastics is n't that easy ! We have to do sit-ups , pull-ups , hollow body holds etc. barbie and friends do n't do any of that and yet they 're as good as olympians ! And , the judges arent that easy-going , they make you really happy if you even get a 9.0
 My husband bought this game used several years ago and my grand-daughter age 2.5 yrs . loved it and is requesting to play it all the time , she is now 4 3/4 yrs.old . Her sister also started playing it at age 2.5 yrs . and also loves playing it weekly , she is now 3.5 yrs . old . I am age 62 and love playing it with them , especially the sand castle building and the underwater picture taking game . I am currently looking to buy another copy if I can find one as this one is worn out .
 Both girls -LRB- 7 & 10 -RRB- love this game . They play it over and over ! The graphics are very cute and it has plenty of games to keep them entertained .
 This game is great . Surfing and dressing up my barbies are my favorite parts of the game . I wish all my friends could have this game .
 I really want beach party because it looks like a really great game for me.If just my parents will buy it for me , than I would realy be happy.I would have bought it my self if it was cheeper.I do n't have enough money to buy it my self so that 's wy I need my parents to by it for me .
 This software is for serious learners who really wants to converse in Spanish . You can print out all the contents - conversation , vocabulary , grammar , test ... It even comes with a real electronic Spanish < - > English 2-way dictionary , which is very convenient -LRB- the only software with a dictionary as far as I know -RRB- . You can use the dictionary with any other Spanish learning materials . The vocabulary section is very handy - a real person pronounces the vocabulary with video . The grammar section is extremely good - regular/irregular verbs for each lesson . Even though the speed of the conversation is kind of too fast , and the recording function not as easy to set up -LRB- it does come with a trendy microphone -RRB- , it is the best Spanish learning software so far . I do n't really use the recording function anyway when I practice learning a language - I think it 's a distraction to use the microphone . The fast conversation speed can be mended by the vocabulary section - which is short and easy to follow . Again , this software is for dedicated learners . It really worths your money ! Personally , I think it 's a steal.I had tried `` Learn Spanish Now '' - conversation , not enough explanation '' ; `` Instant Immersion Spanish '' ,2 CD version , 1st CD is too easy , 2nd is too hard - no translation ; `` Let 's Talk Spanish '' -LRB- like Berlitz Spanish , is by Syracuse Language . They do n't sell it anymore -RRB- - good for vocabulary but no conversation . Most other software , when compared with Berlitz Spanish , is only child 's play .
 when I bought this software , I knew absolutely nothing about Spanish . And only by my first day of using it I had a very good information about the pronounciation , grammer , spelling and verbs that is enough to make me look forward in a less than a week to search for another products from the same Brand `` Berlitz '' .
 I recently just went through a BS program for ultrasound and was not really prepared to take the registries . I really never had a per say break down of what would be on the registries and then a focus on those materials , all I had was just large exit exams before I could move on to the next field of study . In saying that I was prepared and taught how to scan before I was able to move on to the second part of the program -LRB- vascular/echo -RRB- . I used the davies books and these flashcards to prepare for the abdomen and OB/GYN . The davies books had more prescise questions as compared to the flashcards which were easier and more user friendly . I passed both the Abd . and OB/GYN registries with the use of these flash cards , and I can say , very honestly , that all someone needs is these cards and images of pathology to pass these two registries . In saying that a * ! WARNING ! * to those who have not taken the registries . Expect to see images of pathology in which you have no idea what is being imaged ! Be prepared to answer the question with the use of the history given with the image . It is imparitive to learn all of the signs and symptoms of a patholgy in order to do well on these exams because half of the exam is images . The ARDMS really should do a better job with images on their exams . If I submitted some of those images to the Radiologists I work for I would get chewed out and then made to go back in and get more . Also , know that these exams are all different , some are hard and others are easier . Good luck !
 In fact , I credit these flashcards to my success in passing the ARDMS registry exam
 This review has helped me to study for my exam , hopefully it will let me be successful next time that I take it !
 Add in the OptionPack , and you 've got IIS4 , transaction server , MSMQ , and the ability to host great products like SQL Server , Exchange , and SNA server.NT 4.0 was the workhorse of the late 1990 's ! Let 's face it there were numerous organizations that Held onto NT 4.0 until Windows Server 2003 . Windows 2000 & Exchange 2000 were duds , NT 4.0 + Exchange 5.5 was the ` real deal ' . You can not beat NT 4.0 's simplicity to manage , it 's ultra small footprint , and its fantastic base for supporting mid level applications . This is what Novell Netware 3.x should have been , but it was too freaking impossible to manage compared to NT 4.0 .
 I got a copy from what was the used section . It was like new .
 We use NT Server 4.0 now and have for about a year now . It has been a solid performer and we have very rarly had to shutdown . Usually when we do , it is because we upgraded something , added software or had hardware problems -LRB- IBM -RRB- . There are a few features we would like to see such as better compatability with Win95 and a better messaging service as well as easier notes integration with Lotus Notes . But other than those things , We are pretty pleased .
 This is one of the best microsoft tools for business . It may be exspencive but it is worth it . You should get one if you are startinng a business and you have alot of clients .
 Windows NT Server is a highly scalable , reliable and available operating system that meets the requirements of the overwhelming majority of the enterprise and medium size business-computing needs for data management , messaging , transaction processing , Internet services , and file and print infrastructure . Supported by a significant majority of the world 's systems providers , Windows NT Server also offers customers -LRB- if you 're the firm installing the system -RRB- with an integrated , multipurpose and cost-effective operating system.One can argue that Windows 2000 Server would be more cost effective but only if you 're starting a system out from scratch . It has been the experience of many pre-existing NT based firms that the real cost effectiveness lies in productivity . Productivity that is based on a stable operating system and clients .
 Finally I own the disc . Could n't be happier . Once you 've gone Apple you 'll never go back .
 Golden oldies that I have seen in many places over the years , they are still enjoyable.They are : Blackjack , Freecell , Cinco -LRB- guess the five letters in a word , Sink the Ships -LRB- Battleship clone , Hearts , Chess , Taipei -LRB- Mah Jong clone -RRB- , Reversi -LRB- Othello clone -RRB- , Minesweeper , and Space Defense . The chess game is stronger than I expected .
 Compared to the professional Corel Draw 9 package , this `` Office Edition '' is slightly less sophisticated and powerful . But it is easier to use and offers some unique add-ons for business users . Compared to the competitors out there -LRB- Adobe , Visio , etc. -RRB- you certainly will get a lot more bang for the buck . Unless you need a high-end professional graphics tool , this Office Edition of Corel Draw will be all you ever need for bitmap -LRB- photographs -RRB- and vector -LRB- charts -RRB- files .
 After our research on each desktop publishing software application , we have come to a conclusion as a group and decided on the best application out of the three . We think that CorelDraw was the best software application for desktop publishing . CorelDraw has many features , which are all simple to use making this package user friendly . They range from text fonts , importing images and animation , high-quality slide shows and drawings , publish to the Web without learning HTML , help menus and wizards which are user friendly and e-mail functions . CorelDraw is great value for money , and worth buying for any organisation needing a desktop publishing package . CorelDraw itself is an excellent value , but when coupled with a varied clip-art collection and Corel Presentations , it turns a single computer into a powerful new media-presentation department.We like this product so much we give it five stars : *****
 This is a wonderful software product . It is very sophisticated and should meet about all of your office graphic design needs.We use this product for designing newsletters for our customers . I bought the product about six or eight months ago . And it took me about two or three newsletters before I started getting the hang of it.You can move objects or pictures by increments of 1/1000th of an inch , link images from an external folder into your newsletter or document -LRB- making for faster opens and saves -RRB- , work with colors , etc. . You can make professional-looking newsletters.You also can design or spiff-up your business logo . The CorelDRAW 9.0 Office program will let you work with individual letters of text.I originally bought this software program to export a file in Portable Document Format -LRB- PDF -RRB- for a website . It was not until I installed the program that that I learned about the many things that this program can do . The PDF function is only a small part of it.Hopefully , I am not helping any of my competitors but I highly recommend it .
 Take my word for it ... . This is still a new Technology ! Many OSs have come after this -LRB- !!! even from Microsoft !!! -RRB- but they all are slow and memory hogging . Windows NT is still the best fastest and reliable OS from Microsoft for the PCs . Altough Linux has much better credentials but it still has n't been able to find place on desktop PCs . I am sure if you are a win98 ,2000 , Me user , try using NT once and you will definately g ofor it . The caution is however that , make sure all your new hardware is still NT 4.0 compliant or not . Enjoy !
 I 've been using Windows NT 4 at home for a few years now and I have to say it is quite great . After using Windows NT I wonder how I ever survived with Windows 9x . It is just so stable and works so well . When programs crash the OS catches it and the rest of the OS is untouched . Yes , it is possible to achieve a Blue Screen of Death but it is very very difficult to do so . I would even go so far as to say it has advantages over Windows 2000
 I needed to reinstall windows NT on a PC that had a HDD crash . Even though this is dated OS , and I would have prefferred windows XP ... was constrained by the old application software . Everything installed smoothly and we have a working ZYGO interferometer once more . I am happy , my boss is happy , my coworkers are happy .
 Running Windows 95 and that means Windows 98 is illegal in your country and you are in the land of needing a new computer fast , feeling that you might have a box that looks like it is running windows 3.1 and to be honest now is your chance to move to Windows 2000 for a more solid operating system . Even NT users found more stability in Windows 2000 , 98 users mostly gamers or downloaders , seeing the blue screen of death often , while Win 2K users doing something a little more software intensive like multimedia , graphics and servers that 98 could not manage . So came the day of the duel-processor , having an NT Dual 500mhz , upgrading to Win2K and you still had a fast machine , 64mb and 128mb games cards never really impressing you that much to get a better machine , a games console maybe cheaper and better , XP a little slow for you and besides , 2K was compatible with nearly everything and you could duel boot linux for fun . The only reason to buy a computer between the release of XP and now was if you did not have one and even then plenty of second hand units going around.Year
 Lot of people may say a lot abt the bad sides of the Windows . But I think most of the statements are maybe due to jealousy . If u can manage then this is one of the best interfaces you can have.But whatever be it is one of the best interfaces for a PC . And many other OSes have a long time to come up with the GUI and the softwares for them .
 After being on the market for almost eight years , Windows NT 4.0 is still a great option for people looking for a stable and powerful operating system . The OS is especially great for older systems as it only requires a 486 w / 16 mb of RAM to run . -LRB- though a Pentium + is recommended and helpful -RRB- . Do n't choose NT if you 're looking for USB or games , though , as the support for DirectX & USB is skimpy at best . -LRB- it is n't hopeless , though -RRB- So , if you 're looking for a good , proven OS , NT is an option .
 I read many reviews for this type of product . MOst of them were horror stories but decided to go ahead and purchase it anyways.I followed the documentation , step by step , for the installation -LRB- Win98 -RRB- . The installation document reflected what I saw . I rebooted my PC , connected the cable , cranked up the app , and voila ! I creatde my first movie with 20 minutes . It was pretty intuitive . What was n't intuitive I found through the help files.While the first movie was n't great , I learned how to tweak various settings to get an acceptable jitter-free playback.Does it have all the bells and whistles of other products ? Probably not but for my purposes it satisfies my needs . I showed my 10 year old how to use it and to him it was intuitively obvious how to use it.There 's even a tutorial included that I may get around to looking at some day.I ca n't wait to shoot some movies over Christmas . I 'll CDs with movies and give them to my parents to replay later.The only reason why it did n't get five stars is that the system requirements were stated three different ways ; once on Amazon , once on the outside of the box , and once on the instructions . Also there were addendums to the instructions that if I had n't looked at them would have really screwed me up .
 This is a great product if you already know a lot of VB and want to port some of your apps to CE , however , not all of the commands are available yet for CE , thus limiting what you can do .
 An ambitious program designed to teach reading through `` the development of phonemic awareness , letter sounds , word families and sight words in a purposeful , contextual fashion . '' If you 're looking for a systematic , phonics-based reading program for your child , this is it . The program is purposely designed for school use in K-2 as well as at home use.Appropriate for a typical kindergartner . Advanced pre-schoolers would benefit , as would slower 2nd and perhaps remedial 3rd graders . Forty small paperback booklets are included for children to practice with when they are not using the computer . These books progress from the first lesson to the last lesson . The vocabulary increases with each booklet . Each page has a short sentence .
 This Bundle is well worth the money . The BeOS Bible is a great referance for the OS . The Gobe Productive Office suite is also a must have . The BeOS is a very fast and reliable OS . It has a stylish and easy to use interface simmilar to MacOS . Your computer will run Multimedia applications faster than you thought possible . The BeOS is still responsive to your every command even while the PC is working on the most complex tasks . ADDED BONUS The BeOS comes with the software to duel boot windows and BeOS .
 I use the BeOS to work with the great C++ development environment , the GNU command line tools , and lots of fun programs.The BeOS Bible is an excellent book covering everything about the BeOS and has depth that you wo n't find in other Bible style books.Gobe productive is a cool integrated office app with word processing , graphics , charting , spreadsheet , presentation and a great simple to use user interface . It is surprising good and fun to use.If you do n't like the way Microsoft treats the world , Linux is too much work and MacOS does n't run on your computer , then BeOS may be for you . Give it a try , you can have the same fun I am having - it really is fun to use BeOS . And you can always boot back into windows to run your games
 One year ago I try for first time the BeOS 4.0 and in that moment I knew that this it is the operating system for PCs of the future , it is stable and faster that other popular OS ;--RRB- , in that moment the BeOS had the inconvenience that it did n't have a wide variety of drivers for the different peripherals of the computer . At this time I installed the new version 4.5 and I find that it is spectacular , it possess more drivers support and it continues being stable and faster ...
 The next generation GUI ... Be is a robust and stable operating system . It 's flexibility and interface is advanced and easy to use . I challenge anyone to install and configure any operating system faster.Have Fun !
 This is an excellent operating system , offering stability , performance , and ease of use . Bundled with the BeOS Bible and Gobe Productive , you ca n't go wrong . You may also wish to visit the Hardware Compatibility List if you have a non-standard configuration . This is the innovation that Microsoft is stifling - put it on your computer and experience where you REALLY want to go tomorrow
 It 's blazingly fast and responsive , but moreimportant than that is that Everything Just Works . You get to spend your time productively , rather than scratching your head wondering why your computer has crashed again . The downside is that only fairly modern hardware is supported , and you ca n't go to Frye 's and find lots of Be apps on the shelf -LRB- yet -RRB- , but if you bought your system in the last year or two I heartily recommend Be .
 I 've used various Windows OS for the past 10 years , various Linux for the past 2 , and played around with Mac some . BeOS is not just different , but clearly superior in many ways . Part of the reason why is that BeOS does n't run on top of DOS , as Windows did until recent years , and it does n't run on top of Unix , like Linux and Mac OS X. BeOS instead started with a clean paper and wrote code to do the various jobs required of a modern OS in the most efficient way possible . Additionally , BeOS uses ` pervasive multithreading ' allowing commands to execute much more rapidly . The combined result is that the system is much less bloated , and truly is faster than anything I 've ever seen . BeOS running on a Celeron 900 Mhz machine is MUCH faster than Win XP or Mac OS X on a 2 gigahertz machine , simply because the code is written so much more cleanly . I had difficulty believing it myself , until I installed BeOS on my own 900 Mhz machine . The performance difference between BeOS and Windows is truly like night and day . Quite a bit comes with the OS itself . There are browsers -LRB- their own , NetPositive , plus Mozilla -RRB- , CD burners and players , utilities , and applications . Gobe Productive is a software suite written for BeOS which is comparable to Microsoft Office , with a word processor , spreadsheet , presentation program etc. . The BeOS Bible is over 900 pages of hints , documentation , and instructions on how to set up the OS and use it.If there is a downside , it is that -LRB- 1 -RRB- BeOS does n't have drivers for every piece of hardware in existence , although it natively supports a pretty wide range . Check the Hardware Matrix at -LSB- frizbe website -RSB- to see if your hardware has been tested yet . -LRB- 2 -RRB- There is n't a lot of software available at the moment in stores . However , there is an active BeOS user community with quite a lot of software , drivers , and assistance online . Try -LSB- begroovy , or bebits websites -RSB- to see what is available , and links to other BeOS related sites . Just think , an entire OS , PLUS an office suite PLUS the most comprehensive manual you are likely to ever see , all for the price of a game . Ron
 First things first ... this OS will not run on native 64-bit hardware , unless you can get your hands on one of the third-party `` recompiled '' kernels which can be found on hobbyist sites on occasion . If you have early 64-bit hardware -LRB- say , the first 64-bit Athlons -RRB- you 'll likely be able to make it work , or any 32-bit hardware . Drivers for more modern hardware -LRB- video , audio , etc -RRB- are occasionally `` fan-created '' and out there , but the base OS will likely not support your hardware today . So , your best bet for playing with this is to revive an old PC sitting in the back of a closet or in your basement or wherever . -LRB- You can also run it in a 32-bit virtual machine , by the way , which I 'm doing on my i7-based system in my office -RRB- The main draw to having this now would likely be to either revive old hardware which ca n't support modern OS 's , or to explore REALLY GOOD OS DESIGN . Yes , the BeOS is still the best example of what I 'd consider PROPER operating system design I 've ever seen . It was designed from the ground up , in a very logical , very efficient manner.Key to the advantage of this OS is that it 's the only `` pure multithreading '' support OS I 've ever seen . If you have a windows machine , and occasionally notice that one application will `` take total control '' and will freeze up other applications ... this CAN NOT HAPPEN on the BeOS . The worst case , if you really overtax your system , is that everything will keep running , but will -LRB- proportionally -RRB- slow down . Nothing will ever `` hang '' due to not being able to get to system resources.Also key is that this OS is , for all practical purposes , unlimited in terms of the number of CPU cores available to it . Windows artificially limits the available CPU cores , while BeOS will simply farm off threads to any available core or processor , at any time , where they will run with minimal oversight from the operating system . The OS does only what an OS SHOULD do ... it plays `` traffic cop '' for the running applications . -LRB- Now , imagine a version of this which was recompiled to run on today 's multi-core , multichip i7 type processor cores ... which would be relatively trivial for a company with the right resources ... OS source code , a programming team , and Intel 's core command set and timing references . -RRB- This is the best `` set '' of stuff you 'll find . BeOS r4 .5 is n't the final release , but it 's the last release which has hardware OpenGL support -LRB- Microsoft illegally denied , through a `` filibuster/veto '' action in their role on the OpenGL ARB at the time , BeOS 's ability to implement OpenGL for v5 .0 / v5 .1 -RRB- and works just fine . The BeOS Bible is a great book , and is really crucial -LRB- in my view -RRB- for getting the most out of the OS , and for understanding how to set it up , and how to really use it.And `` Gobe Productive '' is a terrific office `` suite . '' Gobe actually put out a Windows build of this and I use that , fairly often , even today , on my main working machine . It 's a low-overhead , fast , totally integrated application which has pretty decent -LRB- although now dated -RRB- MS Office compatibility . The nice thing is that this is not a series of applications making up a suite , but rather a single program which can handle all varieties of document types - and can integrate elements of them into a single document , pretty much seamlessly , without needing anything like `` OLE '' to accomplish it . You can insert a fully-functional spreadsheet into the middle of a word-processing document , just for example , not as an `` external object '' but as part of the document itself . I LOVE that.I 'm still sad that BeOS was beaten down by -LRB- illegal , in violation of antitrust laws -RRB- actions from Microsoft ... but it 's a moot point now . Be is long since gone , and their employees are scattered to the winds.But ... the FUNDAMENTAL OS DESIGN here is absolutely sound . If someone were to use this same approach , today , but were to write native 64-bit code and provide support for native 64-bit hardware , and modern drivers for modern hardware ... AND provide for OpenGL and OpenAL video and audio ... . that OS would beat anything else on the market today , in terms of power , efficiency , ease of use , and programming compatibility.The main drawback would remain `` most software is compile to run in Windows , using elements of Windows , '' and those would need to be re-compiled , or a `` Windows virtual machine '' would need to be provided to allow for basic compatibility for the majority of contemporary software . Those programs would run essentially the same in the `` virtual machine '' as they would on native hardware and Windows OS , so there 's be no loss , but also no advantage.The advantage , then , would come with running software written to be `` Native '' to this supposed `` BeOS-like OS . '' That software would run circles around anything running in Windows.And , I suppose , you could have every `` windows '' application running in its own `` Virtual space '' and thus no `` windows '' application would be able to lock up and interfere with other applications ... so that might be an advantage as well.Treat the BeOS as a learning tool today . Learn the architectural approach used by the original team at Be . Learn how they did things , and WHY they did things ... and , hopefully , take those lessons into the creation of a new OS.Windows 8 is terrible . It really , really is . I 've tested it , and find that while the `` kernal '' level is sound , the user interface is a disaster of the like I 've never seen before ... making it essentially impossible for me to use a computer the way I want to , and NEED to , for both personal and professional reasons.As a result , I fully expect another renaissance in the `` alternative operating systems '' market soon.Maybe , under another name , the BeOS 's concepts may see the light of day again ? Maybe it was just way , way ahead of its time !
 I 've spent many hundreds of dollars looking for a good , easy web page design program . This is the best one I have seen . You can use templates and just fill in your info or make your own entire web page . You have total control ! If you are looking for the best program for web design , this is it !
 This program is just awesome.Robust and custimizable . I particaly like the `` tags on '' view , which is an unique feature to HoTMeaTaL . I also like how it has bulit in ftp and the `` mapings '' feature so you `` choose '' SRC and it automaticly inserts the proper code to be releative or abs , according to how you configure it . This product is also considerbly cheaper to it 's competitors . Reasons HoTMeaTaL is beater than Front Page :1 -RRB- Front Page forces you to use abs urls -LRB- http://domain.com/html -RRB- instead of relative -LRB- html / -RRB- HoTMeataL does n't . This also allows you to compose and test your pages localy before you publish them .2 -RRB- If HoTMeataL does n't have a feature you need , it ok , because HoTMeataL produces readable code , so you can edit it by hand , Front Page code is inreadable3 -RRB- HoTMeataL uses regular ftp , it does n't require special `` extensions '' that are well known to be an crackers attraction .4 -RRB- HoTMeataL offers all these features and advantages at an lower price.I hope you find my opinion informative
 Hotmetal Pro 6.0 is the best tool I 've found . It 's simple enough for the novice yet packed full of power professionals . Hotmetal 's HTML code is clean and compact . It 's built-in error checking alerts you to potential problems and can fix common mistakes . The ability to create and manage complex Web projects is outstanding !
 I am very computer literate and can program in several languages , but I had never programmed in html or even set up a website before . I kind of planned on letting HoTMetal drag me through the learning process and maybe a little trial and error too . HotMetal was easier to figure out than I expected and its power for more advanced applications is obvious right from the start . The several views from WSIWYG to source code view let you really understand what is going on at all levels and really adds to the learning experience . I would recommend HoTMetal highly to anyone that is very familiar with word processing and has a little programming experience ; any less than that and you do n't need as powerful a program .
 I downloaded the 30 days trial version of this product from the Softquad web pages , and built my very first personal website using the trial version -LRB- no tutorials etc. etc -RRB- over a weekend.It is a very simple and intuitive product , yet it let 's you create professional looking web pages . 10 days before the end of the trial , I purchased the full version from amazon.com . The product price at Amazon is much lower then the sale price offered by the vendor Softquad -LRB- USD 129 -RRB- . If there is such thing as Price/Functionality for software , Hotmetal beats the competition -LRB- Frontpage , Dreamweaver etc. etc. -RRB- with a huge margin.The full version comes with an improved version of WS_FTP as well as Ulead system 's earlier releases of Photoimpact , GIF editor and Photo Eplorer . Buy and enjoy it . It is fun to work with the product , it makes you feel like you know what you are doing and you are an expert in creating web pages .
 I just felt I had to come back and post my opinion about the tutorial for HoTMetaL after I found myself stuck again in the tutorial . All I can say is ... it seems as if the tutorial was just slapped together in a hurry and many of the directions are not clearly expressed . -LRB- do n't get me wrong , the tutorial is good , but there are parts that are vague -RRB- I have lost alot of time just trying to figure out what the author is trying to get me to do in the vauge parts . However , I feel once I get through the tutorial , I will have unlimited potential with this well made program .
 I have had HotMetal Pro loaded for several hours now , and in general am delighted with the product ! I have numerous hours of internet surfing and am very comfortable on the computer , but have never done any programming or web design . It appears that the program is going to be exactly what I need
 There 's an awful lot to like here and a little bit not to like.First , it writes darn good code . Not perfect HTML but good HTML . That is a huge step compared to other products.Secondly , it 's easy to use . This is a very intuitive product and using it just made a ton of sense to me . It was my first HTML generator and it worked well.And it 's an excellent value when compared to it 's competition -LRB- Dreamweaver or Front Page -RRB- . If you are new to web development do n't even consider the other options.It 's bad is liveable but it is bad . First , it crashes occasionally . I do n't know why but it does . There 's no consistency to it . Secondly , the button generator is clumsy and it has a JavaScript error -LRB- at least on my version -RRB- . So , everytime I went to make a button , in addition to stumbling around with it , I could count on an error . The program still ran , it just gave an error . Lastly , the product does n't look clean . It looks cheap and old . An interface update would do wonders for it 's value.Having said all of that I still give this product 5 stars because it 's easy , it works and it writes clean code . I beat my head against the wall using other products and I never did that with this one . It gets 5 stars for that .
 This program is awesome ! Not only do you have the option of building a webpage in the WYSIWYG format , but you can also instantly flip to the HTML code , the unique tags on view , or preview it in a browser . While there may not be many books written on this program , HoTMetaL Pro is easy to use by anyone , yet it offers the more advanced features that are commonly found in more expensive programs .
 There 's no way to create professional looking Web pages without knowing HTML . Period . Let 's not call what FrontPage generates `` professional looking '' . Pretty cookie-cutter sites , fine.If you 're a professional Web developer , or an amateur that aspires to make professional-looking sites , no Web development program will help you more than HoTMetaL . The `` Tags On '' view , the Attribute Inspector and Element List combine to create the fastest Web development environment.If you 're looking to use HoTMetaL on an existing Website , you will likely have some difficulty `` migrating '' a site with invalid HTML for use in HoTMetaL ... HoTMetaL has a built in code validator that will not let you create `` invalid '' HTML.That said , there is nothing you can do in a Web browser that you CA N'T achieve with VALID code ... so why accept a Web editor that does n't create valid HTML ? It 's like a spreadsheet that computes `` 2 +2 = 5 '' . Once you 've corrected invalid code , it will be perfect and HoTMetaL will never mess it up again . Users of HoTMetaL PRO ca n't help but learn how to properly code HTML , with all the feedback and instruction guides ; HoTMetaL PRO will help talented Web designers make beautiful Websites with Valid code , quickly.As good as HM6 is , I 'd love to see it modernised a bit with a new version 7 ...
 Some HTML editors only show you a WYSIWYG view , which is pretty worthless if you ever want to do anything sophisticated at all -LRB- such as updating text that contains boldface , italics , code -RRB- . The problem with WYSIWYG is that you ca n't tell if the cursor is just outside or just inside a bold , italic or code tag . Frontpage is probably the worst offender -- it does all this junk behind your back and never gives you any control.Some editors show you two views , one WYSIWYG and one HTML . That 's better , but it still is n't as intuitive as it should be.HoTMetaL is the only editor that has a combo view , showing you both WYSIWYG and tags in the same view . You are in control , but you do n't have to look at raw HTML . Highly recommended .
 `` Please note that technical support for HoTMetaL is no longer available . The HoTMetaL product family was discontinued by SoftQuad Inc. in 2002 . `` The above is from the Xmetal support page at http://www.xmetal.com/support/: - -LRB-
 I have a limited background with HTML , but this is as easy as it gets when it comes to web design . When saving your . html file a validator checks your coding to warn of any errors in the coding . Software comes with a 300 page manual and online assistance . I just got the program 2 hours ago and I already have my first page near completion . It 's well worth the money !
 I 've used the last 2 versions and I thought they were great . I 'm giving it a 4 because 1 -RRB- I have n't tried out 6.0 yet , & 2 -RRB- SoftQuad seems to have been acquired by Corel , therefore discontinuing the product.If you 're a beginner , do n't spend money on software that you think will help you create web pages through osmosis . Then you rate a product badly because of your own `` user idiot error '' . You 're better off using any of those free built-in web page editors you get with your AOL web page or Yahoo one.I was `` forced '' into updating web pages for my company because the `` web person '' was too busy to update pages for my department . The only web editor I used before was Microsoft Front Page . I used the WYSIWYG function of HMP to get my web pages updated and in the process learned how to code in HTML . Pretty cool.I then started transitioning my personal web site from MS Front Page to HMP . What I realized was that some of the pages I had lots of problems with -LRB- that were created in MS FrontPage -RRB- were due to problems with the MS product . Once I reviewed the source code I realized how much added code MS adds to the page which is nothing short of garbage , which explains why the pages were problematic to begin with . After looking at all the source code , I realized that HMP is definitely a keeper.Because once you learn it , you 'll never need another program again . You can just open up Notepad and start coding your html right there , if you wanted to .
 HoTMetaL Pro is the only HTML editor I need . I do all of my developing with it . I also suggest it 's companion , XMetal . If you are into XML you will need it .
 I 've used HoTMetaL Pro for over 5 years . We built our first web pages using this app . At that time I did n't know anything about HTML , etc and still managed to build a -LRB- primarily text based -RRB- site that worked . It is fairly easy to learn and use . New versions over the years have added smart features . There are similar apps on the market , but this one seems less buggy than most .
 Excellent software and good value for the price . I did n't find anything better than this under $ 50 . The good thing about this is custom wall thickness , we in india greatly use 9 '' & 4.5 '' wall for constructions and this software very well serves our purpose . I did n't find this feature in any other s/w for this price .
 First off ... this is a design program like Sierra , Floorplan , etc. and works well with the average person who wishes to create an `` idealized home design '' both inside and out . It is NOT a full CAD program to do every space and angle . None of the under $ programs will produce a `` plan '' to give to a contractor to take-off and build a home , no matter what they promise . That is left to the $ + + professional architectural programs ! That said , this is a super `` design '' program that has a simple , accurate instruction manual , and lots of Web downloadable features like `` dormers '' and tons of `` objects '' like dishwashers , chairs , etc etc. . The mini-CAD feature called `` 3Dfurniture workshop '' lets you create custom arched walls , tables , rugs all with neat textures.The great feature of this product is the ability to create a `` cut out '' MODEL of your finished home -LCB- to various scales ! -RCB- that you print and assemble complete with colors and textures -LRB- like bricks and slate roofing -RRB- . All the design programs I have tried -LCB- Sierra , Floorplan , Punch -RRB- are far from perfect and often require a TRICK to get it to do something that you feel should happen with a single menu icon ; but Punch is a little better then the rest with fewer work-arounds than usual . BUT they are still present , and almost all programs have a tough time with todays complex roof and ceiling designs ! No `` design '' program is as simple and complete as the sales hype promises , but the Punch program was the least so far to get me angry .
 Although the level is for amateur designers , it is a very good starting point for people interested in building their own home . The FloorPlan Trace feature permits to users to convert a scanning of a floor plan in a traceable template , facilitating the designing tasks . The RealModel feature automatically creates all the components to build a real 3D scale model -LRB- using foam paper -RRB- . The software has also integrated a spreadsheet cost estimator , where you could enter the unit cost of the building components -LRB- walls , doors , windows , etc. -RRB- to obtain an approximated total cost . Other features are 3D navigation trough the house , 3D landscaping , 3D furniture design to customize your furniture or build new models . The software also has the typical features of other softwares such as a variety of
 This has got to be the easiest home design software I have ever seen -LRB- and yes , I 've seen a great many -RRB- ! Having NEVER used , or even seen this product before , I have managed , in less than 10 hours , to design and completely finish a very professional looking , 2-story 32 ' X 24 ' Garage/Loft Apartment . And I never even cracked open the instruction manual . You 'd have to be a total idiot to not be able to use this software.The only limitation I have found -LRB- so far -RRB- is that it wo n't allow you to insert a door of any size into the side , support-framing of a staircase which I would have liked to have been able to do in my garage/loft project . It does , however , leave the end open underneath the stairs for this.If you 're hard-to-please and expect to get more than you 're paying for , this software may not be for you . Otherwise , I very highly recommend this software ... even to those who just want to have fun . I had a ball just learning what all it can do!OH ! By the way ... for those of you who are into small scale modeling of various sorts INCLUDING model railroading -LRB- as I am -RRB- , this software also allows you to print templates in both architectural scales AND Hobby scales including HO , S , G and O!I recommend a PC with at least a 500 + MHZ processor for the 3D pan-viewing , but my 233 will handle it ... slowly .
 I recently fell in love with Punch Super Home Suite . I have tried other home design programs before , but spent most of my time frustrated by not being able to jump right in and time stakingly wading through pages of the manual . I want a way to be able to `` virtually '' create my dreamhouse and to be able to walk through it before we build it . Punch provided that ! It was so easy to get started into the program . I was able to create the object of my dreams in about 45 minutes . After creating in the 2D , I walked around in the 3D only to be amazed by how closely it resembled what was only previously in my head . A fun part of the program is applying the brick in the 3D to see which sample I liked best . The color palatte is really nice to use allowing me to customize the colors for my walls . Outside I planted trees , shrubs , and flowers and was blown away by seeing what the yard will look like in 5,10 , and 15 years .
 This is the first home planning software I 've ever bought . I found most of it difficult to use until I got accustomed to the program . There are some features I wish it had such as more ` undo ' options and more home plans . I would n't have bought it if I 'd known beforehand that it only had 20 + / - of it 's own house plans that you could alter . Several other similar programs boast 100 's of home plans that you can alter to your tastes . Regardless , it 's a good program if you want to be able to `` build '' your home , design the interior , and landscape the outside and fairly simple to use .
 This program is one of the easiest to use and great for DESIGNING and VIEWING what your home will look like . If you expect it to lay out professional architectural drawings that you can use to build a home from forget it . Those programs cost hundreds of dollars.Most of the things that are missing you can get from user that have contributed objects and textures . You can also do your own -LRB- thus the 3d Furniture Workshop -RRB- . If you want a program that will do everything for you and have everything that you want , be prepared to spend $ 500 or more.For the money , this is a great program .
 I downloaded the demo version and played with it for a couple of days . It can be very frustating to use this tool in the beginning but once you get a hang of it , it is very nice . I designed a couple of different plans and was very excited to see the 3D view . This too , with the limited version that I had . Many of the features were not available since I was just trying a demo . I also downloaded the 3D home design and tried it for a couple of weeks . Although 3D Home design is easy to use , I like Punch.I just bought the copy on ebay and now eagerly waiting it to arrive .
 I srongly recomend this to anyboby wanting to `` design '' their new house.It did take a few minutes to get familiar with but is very enjoyable and fun to use.I have a hard time with using my imagination to think about how things will look.With this program it allowed me to put in what I wanted and then see it . I have a 500 pentium processor with 128 memory and had no difficulity with the 3D walk through.With this program you are getting the most for your money.There is a reason why this is only 70.00 and professionals charge around 500.00 . This is meant to design your home , not build it for you.This is a great tool and I find that it works great with other programs , for that extra special custom look.I recommend this for any body who is going to build a house or just wants to have hours of fun.With the information that you will recieve when you are done designing , the estimator is really helpful and it does save alot of time and aggrevation when you go to the pro 's to have your official blueprints drawn up.If you are lucky like in some areas around here you wo n't need to spend that extra money because towns around here will except the print out from this program . Buy with confidence that you are getting your moneys worth , that it will do what it says , and that you can happily and easily design your new home.Enjoy !
 Norton Cleansweep is perfect for just about any computer user who wants to do some spring cleaning on their hard drive . I would reccomend this above any other drive cleaning utility because of its effectiveness , thouroghness , safety , and most of all easy to use because all of its programs are centralized into one program .
 Great uninstaller programme , It found a lot of junk files , Invalid registries and with the cool traffic light like result and a backup option . I did not know my system had so many wasted files .
 For the child who thinks they want to be chef at a young age , this is were you can start him/her off on the right path
 This is the coolest CD I have ever seen . Finally someone got it right . It has just the right balance between fun and education . Gorilla Poop cookies !?? I was surprised they had the guts to put this one in . I 'm glad they did too because that is what caught my son 's attention ! Now he 's telling me where white flour came from and how potatoes were discovered and all kinds of things that I do n't even know .
 Actually , I 've been looking buying and selling through the internet in my school subject about the e-commerce . I want a good output that gives an evidence that I done buying like your products ... I need your response and I thankful for great job ...
 If you are in Java this is one to go for .
 I 've purchased at least 5 fax programs over the past 5 years , and none worked very well until I got this one . It loaded in no time . I opened a legal document in MS Word , and faxed it as a test , and Voila ! it sent it immediately . The copy received at the fax location was perfect . I have a 56KFlex modem , and a DSL line . There was no conflict . This is a streamlined , slick program , without all the extras you do n't need , use or want . It faxes . It does group broadcasts . It does what it says it does . Buy it if you want a small and reliable piece of software . -LRB- By the way , a few months ago I used iCommunicate and it ruined my Explorer file , which caused my entire system to crash . I had to get a new computer it was so bad . ! -RRB-
 The program was easy to use and very intuitive . Easy fast set up and I was up and running .
 I Think the is going to be the bestcodewarrior yet i cant wait
 I have always been a fan of Paint Shop Pro , and I just love getting 3 great products that work so well together ! Painter Essentials is so awsome , I made beautiful paintings out of my own pictures ... everyone who sees them thinks that I purchased the prints at a store . I love Photo Album because I can quickly burn my photos to CD and store them away someplace safe .
 Checksnet pro has been very helpful . I am a contractor , and being able to print my own money has been very useful . It saves time running to the bank . It gives my bussiness a more professional look . Contrary to othre opinions , I found it easy to use for the most part . All things considered , it is a fiscal benifactor .
 Well I 've been using this product for about a month now , and i have found it is very user friendly . I had some people in my -LRB- lan -RRB- accidentaly delete some files and where as before those files were either lost if they were n't on back-up . I was safely able to retrive them . I tested it with a few more files and a couple of the many files I retrieved had minor errors on them . Overall this is a very good and reliable product .
 This is a wonderful program . Easy to follow and make changes to all your photos . You get thumbnails of all photos that you bring in and you can make separate albums to work with . My favorite feature was being able to print multi prints on one page like the childrens school photos . You can make an 8x10 or 2 5x7 's or 6 , or 8 ; the numbers just go on . Great for family photos or a picture that you want to give to others . I highly recommend this program for new users . It is great !
 Gif animation 3 is a fairly easy way of creating stylish animations . it is as easy as animation shop or Flash
 My boys have both loved this game ! This was bought to replace a broken one , that 's how much they love it . It 's a great preschool game . They love saving the animals .
 The preschool students with whom I work love this game ! The student helps Putt-Putt collect objects to help save baby animals and return them to their parents . It is educational and loads of fun . I 've used this game as a fun-time activity in teaching for many years -LRB- I 've been teaching first grade and preschool for 32 years now -RRB- . I highly recommend it !
 I love Bald Eagles ! My friend showed me the CD . I fell in love with it . I have been trying to find it for the past year.The photos are out of this world . However , the truth of the matter is this ! No words in this world can truely discribe each photo of the eagles . But to me it is breath takening.My friend moved away . So I am not able to see the pictures . ...
 Once again , Extensis has created a first class product for use with Photoshop . Extensis ' line of plugins are all extremely easy to use and PhotoFrame is no exception . It offers a collection of over 1000 premade frames and allows for an unlimited number of user designed additions . If you are a graphics/web designer , you will enjoy PhotoFrame 2 .
 This program is a must have if you are working with lots of fonts and ca n't seem to make heads or tails out of them . Font limits are a thing of the past and you can turn fonts on or off individualy . Awesome program .
 This fun CD lets you make wonderful Lisa Frank creations of your own ! All you need is a color printer and the material to print interesting items like bags , masks , T-shirts , ornaments , and much more ! Or , just make scenes with your favorite characters , colors , sayings , backdrops , and extra graphics ! It 's simple and it offers tons of excitement . For the `` Lisa Frank Paper Play Studio , '' all you need is a color printer and regular printer paper and you 'll be on your way to the same fun !
 This program is great . Kids love the `` crafts '' like masks and three-dimensional package tags , but for my money , the best feature of this program is the unique greeting cards you can make with light-weight card stock . There are photo cards , cut out cards , over-size cards , pop-up cards , slider cards ... features like these put this one head and shoulders above most other card maker programs . The program is a little cumbersome to use , always returning to the `` start '' screen in between previews of projects , and there are several categories of projects that consist only of `` ads '' for add-on packages , which is annoying . Overall , though , this is a great program .
 This program is wonderful ! If you have some computer smarts and love to craft ... this is the product for you ! You can design your own really neat stuff like gift bags , mobiles , masks , pop up cards ... etc. . Or you can use the already made items and add your own personalization . It 's Wonderful ! And the people you give the gifts too will be amazed and delighted at how talented you are !
 I love this program . It has almost paper craft you can imagine with printable patterns for baskets , masks , bags , greeting cards including pop-up cards etc. . The only problem is that it is not compatible with Windows XP . I have nothing but crashes . I intend to get another computer for American Greetings and other older programs that work on win 95/98 and not XP .
 Petz is a wonderful `` game '' that my daughters enjoy very much . Petz interacts with them via computer mouse -- you pet them , feed them , and play with them . Even Mom and Dad have gotten in on the fun ! This has been their favorite game!One word of caution - each time you access the game and do n't give attention to each pet that you 've adopted , they know . Some of ours have run away , which upset my 5 year old . Just like in real life , do n't have more pets than you can handle .
 Warning -- This game is incredibly addicting ! The Petz learn tricks , play with each other , and develop great personalities . I would recommend it . I would love to get version 3 , which has lots of other cool stuff , but Petz 2 is great too , and much more affordable ! Buy it , adopt your own Petz , and have fun !
 I love Petz 2 . It is the only petz game I have and I bet petz 4 is better but I like it anyways . I play petz everyday because its fun to watch your dogz/catz grow up , teach them trick , feed ans brush them ect . and you can even put your dogz/catz in showz on the internet .
 Although Petz 2 may not be as good as Petz 4 , there is just as much to do ! Petz can scamper across your desktop while you are working , or your Petz can easily learn magnificent tricks with a click of a mouse ! Dogz and Catz can interact with each other , and you wo n't have to spend money each month for dog or cat food ! And you wo n't be getting a vet 's bill in the mail ! Petz is a wonderful idea , so why not give it a try ?
 This `` game '' as it 's called , is tons of fun ! You must care for , and give attention to various breeds of cats and dogs . It 's just like a real pet , except that it ca n't scratch your furniture or mess up your carpet . If you do n't care for each and every pet , they will run away . The `` pets '' can even play together ! Other programs in the same genre include `` Oddballz '' and the new `` Babyz '' . You 're sure to find something for everyone , and have the joys of having a pet or a baby without the expense .
 Ultimate Family Tree is a great genealogy program which lets you do almost everything you could think of , even write reports in languages other than English . To me , this is THE genealogy program ... While , for example , Family Tree Maker is a good program , too , it lacks a lot of the data entering capabilities of the Ultimate Family Tree.However , I would like to point out to potential buyers that its manufacturer `` The Learning Company '' has recently discontinued this software . They 've decided to only sell Family Tree Maker instead of offering both programs . So buyers should think very carefully if they want to buy arguably one of the best programs on the market knowing support will probably be very limited if not nonexistant in the future .
 This is awesome for kids who love color in their projects , it 's great for sea life lovers , lets you make all kinds of stickers , and stationary that you ca n't buy in store , customize your stationary.It keeps my daughter entertained by using her imagination and creating her own works of art , and I use it as well for my work . It 's fun and upbeat !!!
 With your favorite characters of Casey , Caymus , Panda Painter , Dancing Dolphins , Sunflower & Bubble Kittens , Hunter , Astro Blast Aliens , and more , you can now create greeting cards , stickers , and more fun things ! As a long-time Lisa Frank fan , I am so happy to finally own this program . It is excellent fun for everyone , with its array of colors and backgrounds . It will keep the spirit of the original Frank characters around forever . Also be sure to get the ` Lisa Frank Forever ! '
 I 'd recommend this software to anyone.It is very , very easy to use , with a wizard-like interface that takes you through the steps very quickly . Scan directly , or open a file previously scanned , indicate an output file or it can open a new MS Word file . Its only outputs seem to be MS Word or MS Excel . Inputs all major scanned-image formats e.g. jpeg , gif , etc. -LRB- This review should n't be your source for tech details such as that . -RRB- If the text is scanned at too low a resolution , for example 30 dots per inch scans of small text , then you simply wo n't be able to convert it to text , no matter what -- there simply is n't enough detail in the scan . But for 10-point text , scanned at 100 dots per inch or more , I 've found the software to do an excellent job . -LRB- Mostly , I scan things at 300 or 600 dpi , and I have seen almost no typos at all . -RRB- The software works fast enough that I ca n't imagine anyone complaining about the speed . I 'd have no hesitation at scanning and converting an entire book . If you wish , you can open multiple scanned pages at once , and it will convert them to a single multi-page document with each page corresponding to one scanned input page.It is possible to let the text highlight in red anything it was n't 100 % certain about ; an excellent feature . For 300 dpi scans of 10 point text , I simply have not found any typos at all , and very rarely will I see anything red . In other words , it 's extremely reliable.I 've scanned new and old books ; books with fancy old-style drawings in them ; books with very strange text formats , and the software does a very good job of it . I find it amazing , and impressive , that the book will create an MS Word document that looks almost exactly like the scanned page ; for example , columns and their positions , the positions of photos , etc. . The software will cut photos out of the scan and imbed them into the resulting page , so that you truly get a document that could pass for the original scan ! -LRB- In fact , sometimes it does odd things , like if it finds text within the picture , it will chop up the picture and include converted text right smack in the middle of the picture ... a bit odd , but technically quite correct . -RRB- Note , that from column to column the precisely placement of each word in the column might be slightly different , but the overall size of the column will be done right.One POTENTIAL problem is with words that are hyphenated across column boundaries -- this software can retain those hyphens / word splits , so if you then grab the text and re-format it , you 'll have to delete the hyphens . But this is easily remedied -- if you choose the advanced feature that says not to retain formatting , it will put those hyphenated words back together ! How smart is that!The software seems to have no problem converting several different font styles and sizes on the same page , even some fonts like western broadside fonts that I imagine would have been too unusual to analyze.The software clearly corrects for scans that are not truly orthogonal . That is , if the page is crooked in the scan , it will still read it correctly . I 've tried giving it pages that were upside down , at right angles , at 45 degree angles , at a 5 degree angle , and it correctly scanned each and re-oriented it properly.The only problem I ever encountered in scans were lines that had lots and lots of dashes in them , which occured in a 100-year old text that included lines like
 found to be easy to useworks better on word than excel but overall gets most things righti would recommend for a small business that does n't need the fancier ocr stuff
 The only thing that separates you and the crowd , is being smarter , and this software will help , just doing that . Get Scan to Office and work smart insted of hard , you can save more than 80 to 95 % of your time , depending on the size of your work . Just get your scanner to work with more than 200 dpi , for me 300 dpi works great.Save time and do more . . work in less time.Thanks ... Alberto G.GMP ABBYY SCAN TO OFFICE -LRB- STOFBW10 -RRB-
 This product was exactly what I needed . After my HP Director failed to operate -LRB- apparently when I started using Explorer 7 -RRB- , I tried everything to once again scan editable text . I have a small typing business and often clients will give me pages of text to edit and retype . When I could no longer use my HP Director , I purchased a new HP with scanning capabilities . That Director would not work either ! After many hours chatting with HP , I packed up the new printer and returned it . Back to my original printer , I downloaded ABBYY which worked perfectly for my needs . It is simple , uncomplicated and recognizes characters beautifully . All superfluous characters -LRB- handwritten notes and unwanted scribbles -RRB- are easily deleted , leaving a clean editable copy . I am very pleased .
 Love this program ! Never knew it was even possible to transfer a printed document into a word program to edit . It literally saved me hours and hours of typing a full 20 pages of rules and regulations for our company . It works beautifully and is very user friendly . The price was extremely reasonable and it paid has already paid for itself with just this one job . This would also be great for scanning forms that need to be completed . Simply scan them , fill in the blanks , then print . Everyone should own this program .
 When Microsoft dropped OCR functionality from its Office product suite recently , I looked for an affordable and functional alternative . This looked like a good option . Boy was I right ! I 'm almost grateful to Microsoft for dropping OCR functionality and prompting me to discover this product , because this is so much better.What I 'm most impressed by is the ability of this software to detect and preserve page layout and typeface . It 's not always foolproof ; there are cases where extremely unorthodox page layouts result in badly fractured/sliced graphics , for instance . When an image or diagram has visible text on it , it also causes a problem in that the software recognizes the text and converts it into document text , ruining the diagram . But I think this latter one is more excusable . In general , though , I 'm amazed at some of the results it produces.One thing to note is that , with all the retained formatting of the section headings , page numbers , image captions , multiple columns , etc. , the text that this program generates is really meant for reproducing the * appearance * of the scanned page , as opposed to `` reverse engineering '' it into an editable document . What I mean is , for example , when you scan a multi-column page using this program and save it as a Word document , the resulting document is not formatted as a multi-column Word document . The appearance of multiple columns is achieved via insertion of tab characters , spaces , etc. . In other words , as you use your arrow keys to move your cursor off the end of line 1 on column 1 , you do n't wrap to line 2 of column 1 -LRB- as you would expect in a proper multi-column document -RRB- , but instead continue onto line 1 of column 2 . In addition , the headers and footers on the pages of , say , a scanned book , are not defined in the resulting document as headers and footers . Instead , they 're merely additional lines included in the flow of the text . So , if you were to copy three contiguous pages of text out of such a scanned document and pasted it somewhere else , the pasted text would be punctuated with the header and footer text of all of the pages you copied.At least the behavior above was my experience when saving scanned documents as Word files , which is the only way I 've used this software so far . I should also add that it 's not like I know for a fact that other OCR software out there handles this in any better way than this one . But , since I do n't have much experience with modern OCR software , that does n't say much.Still , I find that even with that limitation , the results this product provides exceeded my expectations based on its price and age .
 I do n't need to use this program very often , but when I do , it is always easy . It is especially good on previously typed work which needs only a few corrections . I just scanned in an old resume for a friend and it did a beautiful job . Editing was a snap . A great product for the price !
 I love StikAx ! I have mastered it and can now match songs and rythms like no other . Adding video in is just sweet . I absolutely love this product . Everybody get a StikAx !
 i was really surprised to find music mixing software at such a low price . it really is a bargain . i love it , i can do virtually anything with it . mix with friends , mix video , songs , sounds , pictures , anything . great at parties and friendly get togethers .
 I bought the StikAx just cause it looked cool , and I was very pleasantly surprised . It is a very nice invention , and I recommend it for almost any age . It takes virtually no time at to figure it out , and it provides hours of entertainment , with an actual result -LRB- your own video/musical creation . -RRB-
 Hey , I picked up this thing because I 'm interested in music and movie making and everything . And I tell ya , this thing is just awesome . I 've made some great movies . All with the help of StikAx . Music mixing is so fun now that it 's been made so easy . I recommend this to anyone and everyone !
 I went to Europe recently and took a lot of pictures , and I wanted to edit them together somehow . So I picked up `` StikAx , '' and it worked like a charm . Music , speed , order , all of it . It was perfect . I recommend this for anybody wishing to make a show like that . I have n't tried out the other capabilities , but it looks like it can do alot .
 the whole stikax is great , but i really like the ability to use more than one stikax on the same computer . that way my friends and i can make a mix together . its really cool , and a fun little thing to do .
 Hey , I bought this thing a little skeptical , but I was surprised at how easy it is . Your media library is in view whenever you want it , and all you have to do is drag the music or video and then drop it . It works really well , and I have done alot of cool things with it . Its helped me on some assignments and just kept me occupied and entertained .
 This was great for my hobby , michinima -LRB- making videos using game footage -RRB- It was as simple as taking footage , loading it onto my computer , editing , and adding music . All really easy to do . Home movies and picture montages easily can have sound now . You can record yourself with the help of a mic -LRB- sold seperately , though -RRB- Its all-around awesome .
 Stikax is really easy to use and it doesnt get boring . I bought this for myself , just to try it out , and loved it . Its all the good stuff a pro music mixing system can do without the cost or hassle . its reliable , fast , and fun . It took me about 5 minutes to get the hang of it , not long at all , and if you do n't get it , it comes with all sorts of tutorials to teach you all the tricks . It also comes with a whole ton of beats , so you do n't have to load music or anything to start mixing .
 i was really skeptical about the whole music mixing thing before sitkax came along . but its really easy now . and its not just music mixing , which is cool . its got video and stuff to . you can add music TO the video and have music videos , as well as add pictures and sounds . slow down tempo , add different effects to any track , make the video all cool , its all doable . i highly recommend this for any age .
 This is a great product if you are interested in making your own music or videos . Just drag and drop your media onto buttons on the device using the software supplied and start mixing . The really cool thing is that everything you do with the stikax is recorded by your pc so you can see the mix you have just made . Great fun and interactive !
 Let me first say that this thing rocks . Totally . Great at parties , especially if you need some good music . Lot to do with this thing.But did you notice that it 's under the musical instruments category ? Thats awesome . It really is a musical instrument . Teaches you so much about music , alot about tempo , rythm , all that good stuff . So if you want to learn more about music , want someone else to learn about music , or just have a really good time , get this . Now .
 I saw StikAx at DigitalLife in New York and purchased at the the www.stikaxusa.com website a couple weeks ago . I have been having fun remixing music from my CD collection and adding in snowboarding and other video.StikAx came with a CD from The Ministry of Sound with 400 some audio clips , loops and beats and 100 video clips which are also fun to play with . I am getting a second StikAx for my brother for Christmas so we can try out the two StikAx 's plugged into the same PC and mix together.This is a great product and such a thin application for all the video editing and rendering it does . I have been able to render out audio and video mixes on standard media files and play them on my PSP and share them over the web.Hey I also found a great on-line game that lets you do a virtual StikAx mix at http://www.stikax.com/us/Stikax_Update_USA_Optimased/base.html
 Webtrends is a comprehensive reporting and tracking software solution that allows you to detail and `` trend '' all of your website client 's activity.Webtrends allows you to isolate information such as top access and referral pages , track new vs unique visitors , duration of stay and other very useful charting mechanisms . With the ability to track regional and demographic information as well as date/time trends , webtrends is the ultimate in website reporting tools.Report formats vary from HTML pages to spreadsheets -LRB- you can even populate databases in real time for dynamic reporting -RRB- . Webtrends uses Excel charts and graphs brilliantly so you can present not only figures , but graphical charts to your clients or even your boss and investors ! You can also isolate multiple log files for unique and diverse reporting . If you have multiple sites on one server , this functionality allows you individualize your reports and have global reports at the same time . You can even run the report on Intranet activity . Simply point to the log files of any Internet protocol site and you 're all set.The Enterprise edition gives you total fucntionality and the server add on allows you to log the activity of multiple servers running individual or distributed site architecture.The scheduler allows you to run any number of reports at any time , day or night for even more accurate reporting.Whether you are an ASP provider , ISP , or simply a webmaster of a WWW or Intranet site , this is the product you need to get an accurate assessment of what 's happening on your site -LRB- s -RRB- when and how.Enjoy !
 This is the best English course I have ever used . . I have been teaching English for 5 years and this helps with pronunciation , making sentences , grammar and vocabulary . It is interesting , fun , complete and a joy to work with . It 's a shame it is discontinued as I wished to purchase again for my personal use.The person who gave a bad review did not graduate the speech recognition to his level . You have to read the instructions !
 This software served me perfectly for my purpose . I created a program and many things to go with it and all I had to do was put in a folder with this program and it automatically did the rest for me . I highly reccomend this software for anyone who can program and that needs an installation creator . The basic things that it does are
 We are a small startup company and we use the other ArcServe IT products and this fit perfectly side by side and met our needs for Exchange Backup . Nothing superfluous here !
 Easy to use - easy to install - easy to manage - One of the few software products I have worked with that allowed me to back up multiple systems across multiple platforms to one media - and restore that information . If all software were this easy to use everybody would be doing it !!
 Bonjour . This software is amazing ! I only started a week ago , but it definitely seems to have all the material necessary to learn to think , speak , and write in French.The package comes with a headset -LRB- headphones and microphone -RRB- to practice your French out loud . It has word games , writing tests and speaking quizzes . You can also program the software to be an easy judge or such a difficult judge that a native French speaker would have a hard time.The voice recognition software shows the sound frequency of each word spoken properly in French and then compares the sound waves of your speech to see how close you are speaking to a native French speaker.This program is NOT easy . It 's easy to use , but it is still a challenge to teach yourself French . It can be total immersion if you choose , or you can ask for English translations along the way . If you really want to learn French , with some effort this will work . Merci beaucoup . Au revoir .
 I remember the first time I used Tell Me More . I was amazed by the quality of the product . I could not believe what I was seeing . Tell me more is the best software to use to learn French . This software transports to you to a whole new world in France . It enables you learn the French language and the French culture . This software enables you to improve your accent while improving on your vocabulary . As a result , the learner becomes fluent in the French language ; while speaking the language with a French accent . In addition , the practice exercises are interesting and educational . As a French tutor in college , I will strongly recommend Tell Me More to you .
 I remember the first time I used Tell Me More . I was amazed by the quality of the product . I could not believe what I was seeing . Tell me more is the best software to use to learn French . This software transports to you to a whole new world in France . It enables you learn the French language and the French culture . This software also enables you to improve your accent while improving on your vocabulary . As a result , the learner becomes fluent in the French language ; while speaking the language with a French accent . In addition , the practice exercises are interesting and educational . As a French tutor in college , I will strongly recommend Tell Me More to you .
 I have had other antivirus programs like mcafee and nortons but non of them are as good as this program . mcafee and nortons have both messed up my computer but inoculateit has never messed my computer up .
 My local public library has this software . It is a 3 CD set . The first CD consists of four `` lessons '' and I was able to finish one and start the second inside an evening . The speech recognition aspect can be quirky but it is extremely FUN ! The goal is to make your pronunciation mimic the sample . Even my kids enjoyed repeating a short German phrase into the microphone . I think this software would be a difficult initiation into the language for an absolute beginner . But if you already have some grasp of the language the interactivity is a great enhancement to learning . Using this software is fun ! You must have a microphone plugged into your sound card , but if you do n't have one yet , they are relatively cheap -LRB- under $ 10 -RRB- .
 I have wanted to master Italian for years but never quite had the time or the right program . If you have a PC , this is the program for you ! The creators have made learning fun and very inter-active . You learn through a variety of activities so nothing gets boring . And there is a sense of humor running throughout . The only possible weak spot is in the grammar section which is good but very basic . However , if you want to learn without knowing the why of some point of grammar then this weakness is not too important or you can get a grammar book as a suppliment which I did but only because that 's how my mind works . Most teach yourself methods do n't help you learn how to say the words , this one is very strong on that . You can repeat the pronounciation of a word , phrase or entire sentence until you can say it as well as the native speaker with the click of your mouse . I have already been in an Internet chat room IN ITALIAN after only two months of study . Okay , it was pretty baic stuff but still we were chatting in Italian . Ciao a tutti . E buona fortuna !
 I bought this product because mainly , I 've heard Photoshop is a good program & I 've also always wanted to make those little '' . pdf '' files you get in README 's sometimes . The product is excellent , and although the price is somewhat high , it 's worth it . It takes a bit of getting used to if you 're not a computer geek , but I would definitely recommend it for the professional , web designer , or overachiever . If you have the money , you might want to invest in it .
 The product arrived timely and in excellent condition . My son and I immediately installed it on our G5 and were able to be catch up with the work lost due to time .
 Designer of graphics will agree ; nothing is more time consuming than having to learn tons of programming when all You want to do is make a web site ... Here is where Adobe has scored big
 I do a small monthly newsletter for my church using Microsoft Publisher . I send it to our members over email . I found that converting it to a pdf file was the easiest way to insure that everyone that receives it would be able to open it . The problem was finding software that would convert it at a reasonable price . Adobe has an online service that either costs you $ 10 bucks a month or $ 99.00 for a year 's subscription . Of course you can also buy their software for $ 299 . There is other software -LRB- Nuance -RRB- that will also convert to pdf for about $ 50 . If you do n't need to edit your document in the PDF format , this software is great . You simply go to the document you want to convert and open it . You can initiate the process by either clicking on `` print '' , then click on `` PDF '' that appears in your `` select printer '' window - or click on the small `` PDF '' notation that appears in your tool bar after installation . This takes you to PERFECT PDF Creator program . You then save the document to be converted either in the software 's `` documents '' or in whatever folder you want.When you go to your email site and click `` attach '' , just go to the folder you saved your converted document in -LRB- it will appear as a PDF file -RRB- and select it . If you open it just to check it out , the Adobe Reader kicks in and brings your newly converted document up.So far , it shows the document just as I had created it in Publisher . Photos look great and no different in the PDF mode.The only scare I had was when I first used the PERFECT PDF software , my Publisher document came up with certain graphics missing -LRB- lined text boxes -RRB- . I would say at least 90 % of what was in the original showed up . All the text and photes and some of the line boxes were there , but not all the text frames . However , I was much relieved when after I coverted the document and opened it up in my email - everything appeared as it should . I do n't know why it did n't all show up in the software - maybe there is something that can be adjusted.Anyway , this was easy to install and very easy to use . I especially love the price . I highly recommend it .
 If your needs are limited to simple converting of simple documents to PDF - that is low cost , simple and enough . I did not use it for complex graphics -LRB- simple logos etc. only -RRB- , neither for web pages . If you are Win user without any PDF converter , and using MS products -LRB- usually without PDF option -RRB- , this is good . I did not use it for very long documents . Reports generated in XL , which you do not want to be accidentally modifiable which you send , letters and bus communication - all that is good and easy . I used a free converter before , it worked , but prefer this one , also using at work is not OK for most free stuff , and that proved enough for my needs at work , the cost little enough , agreeable to most businesses to pay when they can benefit from better reporting and business communication -LRB- before certain things I was advised to send by email to Mac users -RRB- . After using this PDF Creator at home , I got another license -LRB- another box -RRB- for work . I give it 5 stars for what it is and does for me for the money . If you need sophistication , or other uses , it is beyond the scope of this review and my knowledge .
 The product is fantastic . It is Easy to install and to use . It has 7 discs & 4 Gigs of images . The images are conveniently categorized for easy access . This is an economical , user friendly piece of software
 I have used Peachtree Accounting for about 5 years now . I am happy with it 's capabilities , but it is not particularly user friendly . The interface is not at all intuitive and there is a lot of redundancy . It is a very mouse intense program -LRB- five mouse clicks to complete a task when two would have sufficed -RRB- . The account reconciliation program for balancing your checkbook is cumbersome and difficult to use.I have an MBA and a strong accounting background and it definitely helps in using this program . I think this is more of a useful tool for accountants or professional bookkeepers than your average entrepreneurial Joe running his own small business . For that type of user , I would probably recommend QuickBooks.Peachtree is far superior for keeping track of inventory and its payroll features are excellent . It also has a job costing feature that I use that I do n't think can be matched by any other software in its price range.Overall , if you are an intermediate to expert computer user and have a strong knowledge of accounting , or do a lot of job costing or work with inventories , this is an excellent tool . But it is clearly not for everyone . If you do n't need some of these features , or if you want the program to demystify accounting and make it easy , you might want to look for a product that is easier to use or more appropriate to your accounting needs .
 I 've been using computerized small business accounting systems since the early 1970 's ... After going into business for myself -LRB- in a field unrelated to computers -RRB- I was reduced to a manual system until I found an excellent DOS system for the PC - a system that went through several owners , eventually winding up as the ACCPAC system from Computer Associates . ACCPAC , was slow to move to Windows and so when I began to look for a Windows accounting system I had to look elsewhere ... I 've looked at all the most popular `` off the shelf '' accounting software as well as a number of shareware programs . I 'm convinced Peachtree Complete is superior , in almost every respect , to all the rest of them . I 've used every version since the first -LRB- which curiously was Version 2.0 -RRB- . Some of the early versions were buggy but the last few versions have n't had serious problems ... I 'm currently using version 7 and have ordered Version 8 . Each succeeding version of Peachtree - which come about every two years - comes with a little more integration with Microsoft Office . Version 7 , for example , has an Excel icon on most report screens . Clicking on the icon opens Excel and dumps the report into the spreadsheet . The formatting on the resulting spreadsheet is pretty good - but there are no formulas.As I understand multiuser capability -LRB- which I do n't use -RRB- has been part of the package until Version 8 where it costs extra , depending on the number of users.One of the grumbles about Peachtree is that you have to know something about accounting to use it . That should be true whether you are keeping books on Peachtree , Quicken or a Big Chief tablet and No. 2 lead pencil . If you are running a business where accurate records are required and where the financial statements are relied upon for the management of the business and you do n't have some knowledge of proper accounting methods , then you BETTER seek some expert assistance . If all you really want is a check writing program or a billing program , then a full featured accounting program may be overkill and simpler software may be sufficient . Just keep in mind there tends to be an inverse relationship between ease of use on the one hand and flexibility and scope of features available on the other hand -LRB- though exceptions abound -RRB- . All the major functions such as General Ledger , Accounts Receivable , Accounts Payable , Payroll , Inventory , a really cool Job Costing feature , etc. , are fully integrated ; a payroll check is immediately accessible in the G.L. without having to do any intermediate journal posting . The Fixed Assets program which will interface but IS a module that runs separately.Peachtree is a General Ledger based system in that the full detail of all journal entries affecting a particular account is available in the G.L. Double clicking on a particular entry `` drills down '' to and then displays the check , invoice or other journal entry source document . Two fiscal years of detail are maintained . By changing the `` accounting period '' to the period -LRB- month -RRB- of interest , you can edit , add or delete transactions within this time period.One of the strongest areas of Peachtree is the reporting capabilities - probably the part I like most about it . Almost everything that goes to screen or print is highly customizable . But be advised , taking advantage of this flexibility WILL require some time and effort to learn how to do . This is exacerbated by the fact that there are actually three different kinds of reports - Financial Statements , Forms , and Reports , each of which has its own system of modification . Financial statements can be designed with up to 30 columns with a myriad of date range possibilities and subsets of data -LRB- such as departments , enterprises , regions , etc. -RRB- The structure of financial statements is not tied to the order of the account numbering scheme.Payroll is quite complete for software in this price range . In addition to the basics , you can set up 401k deductions , maintain important dates , track vacation time etc. . Peachtree aggressively markets its Payroll Tax service but it is easy to update the tax tables yourself . There are default tax tables but you can also specify tax tables that are specific to one business . -LRB- Peachtree permits using the software to keep books for multiple business entities . -RRB- For most of the common data entry tasks you can use either the mouse or the keyboard for navigation and entry . But it is somewhat inconsistent - for example if you are posting invoices and come to a customer who is n't on file you have to use the mouse to access the options on the screen that allows you to enter a new customer `` on the fly '' . Data entry can be assisted by optional features such as drop down screens in fields where you have lists - customer ID , inventory ID for example , `` smart fill in '' that completes the entry for you among others . On data entry forms you have the option to hide certain fields that you do n't use so you do n't have to skip over them as you are making entries . For example , in recording invoices if you do n't use Customer Purchase Orders , alternate `` ship to '' addresses , sales reps , etc. , you can hide these fields in your input form.Of course there are things I do n't like . The General Ledger requires more paper to print than necessary . I 'm not keen on the fact there is only a single field for names -LRB- employees , vendors , customers -RRB- which makes it difficult to get an alphabetical list unless you design ID numbers in such a way as to approximate alphabetical order - or enter names in the Last Name , First Name reverse order . Mailing label options are limited You can , for example , assign a `` type '' to your customers , say Doctors , Fishermen and Golfers and generate a mailing list for any type . But you ca n't specify a customer is a member of the Doctor type AND the Golfer type -LRB- except maybe on Wednesday afternoon -RRB- . Nor can you quickly go through your list of customers and check off a subset to receive a special mailing . You can develop a report of your customers that shows the amounts of inventory items each customer bought but you ca n't get a report of inventory items listing which customers bought that item . -LRB- You CAN dump the former report into Excel , sort it to get the latter order and then clean up the result . -RRB- ... I have set up a number of businesses which included sole proprietorship , partnership , charitable organization and corporation structures . I would recommend Peachtree Complete as an accounting solution to almost any business .
 Complete Peachtree is one of the few small business packages that can handle manufacturing . It can be somewhat cumbersome during the set up period , but the time is worth it . You can get the detail that you need if you structure it correctly when you set it up .
 I have worked with over a dozen accounting packages over the last 15 years , including beta testing such products as Open Systems , Great Plains , and Profit . I have used Peachtree versions 2 - 2002 for my own company and I have set up the program for innumerable clients over the years . Peachtree is the BEST program for smaller businesses - bar none . It has a terrific payroll module , good a/p and a/r , and the ability to evaluate your business standing right now , not next month when your CPA finishes the books.The key to the program is to have the program set up by an expert and to have occasional maintenance on the system . After setup , my customers have me out about twice a year to perform updates , create permanent backups , fix minor problems , and answer questions.Just because the software costs less than -LSB- $ -RSB- -LRB- multi-user versions -RRB- , does n't mean that you can get by with only spending -LSB- $ -RSB- for a class to become an expert . Look for someone to come in and tailor the program to your exact needs . This is a more expensive process , but considering that Peachtree 's real competitors -LRB- NOT QuickBooks -RRB- start at thousands of dollars , you are still better off financially -- and you will have REAL financial information to boot .
 After using Peachtree 7.0 for a year now in my manufacturing business , I still ca n't get the checking account to show an accurate balance ! We still have to manage some features by creating spreadsheets in Excel that we use in parallel to Peachtree . Also a drag to have to purchase modules , forms , tax tables , and additional use licenses separately -LRB- and repeatedly -RRB- at such a high price ... I resent feeling like I 'm being bled by the manufacturer now that I 'm ` locked in ' to using the software . I REALLY wish the initial purchase had included two use licenses , since I have to buy an additional one JUST to write occasional quotes from home on my laptop.I used three different accounting programs before purchasing Peachtree , all less comprehensive , but more accurate . I 'm still wrestling with forms that print differently than they display on-screen , and so on . Nevertheless , I 'm planning to buy version 8.0 and plod on until I learn it all , since it is the one program I know will serve me years into the future .
 The most feature-rich product in its price range , but it has asteep learning curve ...
 I have used the Peachtree Software for 2 years now . The software is a wonderful business tool . The more you put into it , the more you get out . The software will guide you on every entry . I would use this software for any type of business .
 I found this edition of Studyworks a helpful resource . Coming from a background of only high-school algebra , I wanted to take a physics course that involved calculus . I have been regularly progressing through the levels of mathematics this program offers and I am quite pleased by the careful explanations and , so far , the amount of material included in the software.Some of the `` extra '' features are less than awe-inspiring ; I would n't buy this software just for the `` math animations '' but there ARE some extra features worth mentioning , such as an extensive math dictionary and a nicely run website to back up the software.A nice resource for the beginning math student at a fair price .
 It 's actually 7 cd 's in one package . This is a great package for the beginner who wants to learn the latest programs . I was very pleased with everything I got and it only took 3 days to get to me . I checked with a computer store for the same tutorial programs and Amazon 's was less .
 This produce , it covers not all of the informations in each coarse . In the math , and science section , it only covers many of the basics formula , and basic informations about something . Like for example , it covers DNA , it tells you all the names of G , C , T , A , U , but about that level is it , nothing more detail .
 The Electrical Engineering Library is a very helpful source of information for me
 I have had Hijaak 5.0 since it came out for Windows 95 and still use it in Windows 7 in 2012 . It 's one of those programs that just does what it does and lasts through many operating system changes and upgrades .
 A very easy to use tool for keeping your budget on track . the only improvement I would suggest is that it let you track your current expenditures alongside the budget , but that is just a minor nuisance . I would reccommend this to anyone who does n't like complicated excel sheets and it is much easier to understand than those budgets that are included in Quicken and MS Money .
 I downloaded this app months ago and have been using it without problem to convert DVD movies to my iPod 30GB . I guess they must have just recently changed the software to block DVD movies and taken all their beta versions offline . I use a Mac , but if anyone wants the file , I 'll gladly email it to you . Out of all the DVDs I have ripped , I 've had maybe 3 that I can remember not work.The other 90 % always have . The Pixar movie `` Cars '' ripped without any audio , but I have all my favorite movies from my DVD collection on my Video iPod . If you are running MacOSX , feel free top email me , and I 'll send it as a file attachment . stuckinraleighnc@hotmail.comseeya!!!
 This software actually works really well with older DVD 's , it converts very fast and is simple to use . The problem is that it does not work with some of the newer DVD 's .
 Simply the best software for creating personal projects . Contains hundreds of ready made templates for just about anything you would need or want from cards to banners , signs to crafts , labels to envelopes . It is easy to navigate with the graphic interface . Thousands of clipart images and photos are include for just aboput any occaision and all are 100 % scalable
 I am having a wonderful time with Print Explosion ! There are other programs that make labels , banners , cards , and signs , but Print Explosion has some truly beautiful , artistic graphics as well as photographs available to creat really unique designs . In addition , it is very easy to import other images . The things I 've made with Print Explosion do not look like they were made on a home computer . They look professional . I love this program !
 I love the program . It took a little playing around to get some of the CD labels to work right , but once that was taken care of it , the program works great ! I highly recommend it , especially if you are in education or if you do a lot of postcards and greeting cards . Worth the money I spent ... much better than Corel or Print Shop !
 I bought this software many years ago , for my ancient Mac , and have continued to use it anytime I need to print a card , flyer , or invitation . It 's very simple to use , the designs are nice , and everything tends to print properly . I have n't found anything else as good , for the Mac or the PC . It has been the best software value for my money .
 I 've used Print Explosion for several years . Makes nice cards , fancies up envelopes for holidays , etc. . It 's fun to use .
 I have used this program for a number of years in my classroom . It really has made making student awards and certificates a super breeze ; I also use it to make cards and signs for parents . It is incredibly easy to navigate and very user friendly . Well worth the cost !
 Simply the best software for creating personal projects . Contains hundreds of ready made templates for just about anything you would need or want from cards to banners , signs to crafts , labels to envelopes . It is easy to navigate with the graphic interface . Thousands of clipart images and photos are include for just about any occaision and all are 100 % scalable
 Unlike others , Microsoft Works is the software for me . I use it for everything . Nothing offered by the more capable software has any value for the work that I do . In fact , I find WORD to be so complicated at times that it is just not useful . Every time I think I 'll step up I always come back to Works . It is the best software for those who need software that is easy to use , easy to load , and provides for uncomplicated success .
 I like Works Data Base more than many other programs I use in my work.I am constantly telling people to try it - but they prefer to flounder with Access . -LRB- That 's like driving a semi-trailer when a small sedan is appropriate , in my opinion . -RRB- I can manipulate the data base in many ways - and use if for book-keeping 3-4 large accounts.I also use it for sorting our students and classes at a school , and for recording marks.I find it very easy to use , and the only improvement I would like to see is an option to have more than 8 reports . -LRB- We have a school with ten classes - and I need 10 class reports ! -RRB- I think this data base should be advertised strongly and widely , in competition to others which are not so user friendly , and not so economical .
 I actually received the Encarta Africana as part of the Reference Suite Package and I 'm not sure if I would have bought it otherwise , but I am now extremely grateful that I own it.African history has been a very neglected part of the public education system -LRB- or at least that is my experience here in Canada -RRB- . Beyond ancient history on the Mesopotamian region being the cradle of civilization , you learn very little about the rich and diverse history of this large continent . However , as this cd-rom demonstrates , Africa and people of African descent have contributed a great deal to the world , from its art -LRB- which inspired artists like Picasso to move beyond mere realistic portraits and landscapes towards greater expression of pure emotion -RRB- , literature , music -LRB- jazz , the blues -RRB- , etc.Included are extensive entries on each country in Africa , its political leaders , its religions , its importance as the birthplace of humans and culture , etc. , as well as the history of the dispersion of Africans to the Americas through not only slavery , but as important contributers to exploration . It also traces the history of Africans all over the world , Africa 's contributions to food and culture , etc.This cd-rom is beautifully designed and has excellent multimedia , including music , films of dancing , artwork , interviews with Colin Powell , Maya Angelou -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- , Whoopi Goldberg , etc. , interesting essays on the concept of race . Also included is a library of historic African American literature -LRB- poems , slave narratives , etc. -RRB- . As a white man , I now appreciate Africa 's rich heritage far more than I used to , and I am sure it would make an especially wonderful inspiration to children of African descent . It is my hope that Encarta will release a similar cd-rom about Asia , but for now this cd-rom fills in the gap in a much neglected area of history . Kudos to those responsible .
 As a first time buyer of the Microsoft Encarta Reference Suite 2001 , I was excited to try out all of the components of the collection . When I got to Microsoft Encarta Africana 3rd Edition , I found that the program included many interesting features , such as Dynamic Timelines and Virtual Tours . Overall , this is a great member of the Microsoft Encarta product line .
 My music instructor suggested this cd rom for intro to music , from my oppinion , I think it is the best thing any student can use while in school . Since then I used it for my art presentatin , and history . Also , I think that every one should have one of this in their library.I give this a five star rating .
 I am a college student and this software not onlt helped me projects but has taught me a lot about my history -- Even on topis that I am familiar with ! Samples of music , clips , Internet searches - it 's GREAT !! Also , you can have the program read articles out load so you can concentrate on your notes . There is also a great reference tool . Colleges make a big deal about citing references and Encarta Africana assists with that . This is a great learning tool !
 Although this item has been discontinued ... you can still purchase the third edition here or ebay . I love this software . I does run on Windows XP , Vista is not compatible . I would really suggest you get your hands on a copy . This is really helpful for my son 's social studies project . This is worth every penny .
 I attempted to locate this software at CompUSA & Best Buy . Unfortunately both failed to have this displayed for sell on their shelves . -LRB- Possibly discontinued ? -RRB- However , I purchased it ... and use it daily in furthering my research on Black History . The Researcher function of the program helps to tie in resources found on the Internet as well . My daughter also has found it helpful in retrieving additional information for school projects .
 I have n't seen any other software like it . Very informative with a reference section for doing papers . A MUST for researchers , students , and teachers alike !
 Certainly worth all of the pennies I paid for it and more !!!!
 I Order This Some Of The Micrksoft Suite 2001 Will Run On Vista . I Had This After A Family Member Used Mine . WIll Do A Up Date To Let Everyone Know What Will Work I Know The Picture It Will Work On Vist 32 Bit.Microsoft Works Suite 2001But What The Hay For 3.00 It Work 's For Me . Up Date Comming Soon 5 ***** Star 's
 I work in multiple locations , have a home office , and a notebook PC . Some of my files are Windows based , others Mac based . I use a variety of image , text , and database formats . Before I started using this program , in order to convert files , I had to e-mail them to my home office . I would then open them with the latest software version , modify as necessary , and then forward them again . Sometimes , I 'm using office 97 , other times 98 , and 2000 too . Many of my documents , images , and text files are sent to me from various collegues by e-mail and nearly every imaginable version or format . This program has simplified my work by saving time and frustration . I use it on my notebook PC to convert or read nearly any file . It has saved me 100 's of dollars in software because I can use fewer programs and still view most file types . Another benefit is the free disk space provided to me as a result of having fewer required programs . Try it and you too will see the benefits .
 I was perfectly happy with the quick view built into Windows 98 . But Windows 2000 does n't have quick view built in , so I got this . This is expensive for something that does so little , but it does the job well . So if you are running Windows 2000 -LRB- XP ? -RRB- and you miss quick view enough to pay the price , buy this ; if not , do n't .
 You are in the middle of a project and ca n't remember whether to use graphic1 or graphic2 . Memory is so valuable so you do n't want to load your graphics program just to see which file has the correct image . You are installing a program but you want to read a text file without having to load Word or even notepad . You are using `` Find '' to look for all files named `` my file '' but you do n't want to load a program to see which of the various `` my file '' ` finds ' are what you need . You have a folder for graphics but they range from . gif to . jpg to whatever . How do you weed out the duplicates or ones you no longer need without loading the image ? You have a graphic in PhotoFinish . pcx format but you do not have PhotoFinish or perhaps someone gave you a WordPerfect file but you do n't have WordPerfect . You are following a tree view in explorer but do not want to disturb the process by loading apps to see files ; in fact you do not even know and are they word processor or graphic files . You are so tight on resourses one more program will most likely result in a crash . What do you do ? For everyone of these problems , I right click , choose Quick View Plus and there is the answer . Freeware graphic viewers do not have text/word processor support . You 'll get so used to a right click + Quick View Plus that you will not remember how you lived without it . If you are only to get one utility , this is the one . Try the evaluation -LRB- free trial -RRB- version and see for yourself . I ca n't give a URL but we are talking about a program from JASC software . In fact , I should be able to give out the URL for a free trial because you 'll come running back here to buy it . Why ? Because buying here is -LSB- at the time of this writing -RSB- is $ 20 less then what JASC charges . I 've used Quick View Plus for years . I find it rock solid . I can not imagine doing any serious computing or file sorting without it .
 If you want to view and/or print files this is the program to have . Im from the old school and still like a hard copy of a file before I make any changes to it . QVP6 .0 has everything you could ask for in a file viewer . It will view any file on your system . Very fast and easy , and the price is very good also ...
 I was skeptic at first , but then I was impressed by how professional my cards really turned out ! The program was easy to use - except that I liked so many different things , it was hard to choose ! The selection was better than I 've seen elsewhere , and my cards looked like I had them printed professionally . I would definitely suggest it .
 Very easy to use interface , very helpfule wen you run into a problem .
 This is a product for Beginner !!! For something more advance you could consider Courage Software Thai .
 The CD-ROM Bible is the perfect introduction to the exciting world of CD-ROM , with all of the powerful search features and ease of use contained in the Judaic Classics Library CD-ROMs .
 I work at Atari -LRB- for the QA dept -RRB- and have spent some time on Once Upon a Knight.It 's a great , great game.First and foremost , Once Upon a Knight is a Real Time Strategy -LRB- RTS -RRB- game . In my opinion , it 's better than the other RTS games out there - and I have played a few.The game comes with several maps for RTS play , but it also has an editor that allows the user to create his own maps.But there 's more ... Once Upon a Knight is also a Roleplaying/Adventure game . The game includes several campaigns that play as an RPG - which the user can play solo or in a group with some friends in multiplayer.So bascially , you have two games in one - a great RTS and a very good RPG.Visually , this game is amazing . To date , I have not seen a game with better graphics than Once Upon a Knight . Another strong point is the `` humor '' element of Once Upon a Knight - the characters are very entertaining . It 's the game that everyone in the QA department wanted to test.If you like Real Time Strategy games , I highly recomend Once Upon a Knight .
 Once Upon a knight is a fantastic game . The graphics are truly unbelievable . Everything looks so good ! The reflections on the water are the best I have ever seen . There is so much gampeplay included in this package . There is a full Role Playing game and a full RTS game . Plus the online skirmish mode is a blast . If you do not believe me just download the demo and you will see just how good this game is ! I highly recommend this game to EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!
 Found this to be a well organized tool , very good for reference and anyone wanting to dig deeper into the ancient scriptures .
 I use this tool regularly . It allows you to search the Bible in the original Hebrew . I couldn ; t do without it !
 this is a very useful tool . i ca n't say howmany times i have used this in my rearch . it has both the english and hebrew / aramaic translations of the texts , with acceptions for the rashi commentartys and portions of the zohar which are also lacking in the printed editions . the only other thing that i feel this product was lacking was , a gamatria calculator which apparently comes with the bar illan software .
 I bought this item because I have been trying to read the whole Bible , but I have a terrible attention span , so no matter what I am reading , it 's really hard for me to focus . I enjoyed my time reading the Bible , but I still was n't able to get the whole picture because I was so easily distracted . This reading of the Bible is one of the best readings I have heard . With it , I can just listen or follow along in my Bible , and it is really great because through this reading , I feel like these are no longer just words on a page , but what they were intended to be . I feel like the words are alive and suddenly these stories I have heard a hundred times are so much more alive and interesting . I would highly recommend this product !
 I have thoroughly enjoyed having the entire Bible on my iPod . I can load the portions I want to listen to and enjoy listening any time I want to.The narrator has a soothing voice and the music does n't interfere with the reading . I recommend this highly .
 I really enjoy listening to the Bible as it is read . The voices take on characters , so it 's easier to follow and understand than reading alone . This helps to keep the subject matter in mind as you follow along . It 's great for long road trips as I listen time passes and I am getting more and more familiar with God 's word !
 As others have said , the audio is great . It 's an enjoyable way to read the Bible.If you have an iPod Touch or iPhone you can register this program then download Laridian 's PocketBible program from the App Store -LRB- it 's free -RRB- . When you log into your account using PocketBible , you 'll find you have access to the full NLT text at no additional cost because you own this DVD . So you get not only a great audio book , but a fully searchable text with the ability to cross-reference commentaries and dictionaries , add your own notes , highlights , and bookmarks , and more . A great value !
 I have been enjoying the ipocketBible immensely unfortunately I have not found the reading part as user friendly .
 This Arthur math game is nice for first grade . However , not second grade or above . The math problems are too easy . For example , the most difficult calculation is still on the 1-digit base . For some more math calculation problems , I recommend a website
 I have been using different versions of this product for 10 years . It is simpler and easier than using acrobat . works well with vista , too .
 I bought one when it first came out and used it until my son broke the cd , so I bought another off of Amazon . Still love it , even after all these years .
 CreataCard Plus is easy to use and I have used it for years . In fact my original was used so much I had to buy another one . Great Product and easy to use if I could give 10 stars I would . Only wish is was still compatible with email so I could send out E cards again .
 Excellent . Replaced a lost CD and was used to install on a new computer . We seldom use the card feature but really like the address book and calendar with reminders part .
 I am still trying to find a copy of the program before this one came out . But this is the easiest program I 've ever worked with . Once you get the info put in it will save you hours .
 The product that I ordered was in good condition and I am satisfied with it .
 I need another one that has different cards , this one has cards like my older one ! I hate to pay full price for a new one ...
 well , its a easy product , but it is just I hope buy , it arrive on time and the way I waiting
 Colorful , great , great . great . Stopped using my hallmark almost completely.So much easier and the graphics and messages are great .
 This software is easy to use and contains crystal-clear , color-brilliant graphics . The Disney artwork has opened a whole new world in graphics projects that I am now able to do .
 Great software . My daughter loves every feature about it . I am glad I was able to find Lilo and Stitch characters . In addition , it has Disney 's latest characters for Treasure Planet . A must have for all Disney fans !!!!
 This was the original piece of Print Artist Software I bought years ago ! Lost a couple of times , I have finally been able to replace it again and install it - love it ! Ca n't rate it highly enough !
 Adquir&iacute; este software hace apenas 5 d&iacute;as y realmente me encant&oacute;.Las im&aacute;genes son de gran calidad , y el programa es super facil de usar , a mi hija de 5 a & ntilde ; os le encanta trabajar conmigo en los diferentes proyectos.Bueno recomiendo este producto a toda persona que sea admiradora de Disney y sus personajes . Lo VAN A ADORAR !!! Todas mis compras de Internet las realizo por Amazon y la verdad que siempre me llegaron los pedidos exactos .
 just purchased this program after using the old PrintArtist Platinum that I purchased back in 1998 . I love this program ! Print Artist programs are so easy to use and do so many things other programs do n't do . I have used some of the Borderbund programs , and they suck . With this program , you can create a page of labels , and every single label can be different . That may not sound like a big deal , but so many programs do not allow you to do that . The graphics are great . Much improved over the old version , which was also great . And , if you like Americana / Folk Art stuff , it has the Homespun Graphics collection , which rocks ! Buy this program !
 This is the perfect software for a person who likes to create projects with grace and beauty . It is simple to use , instuctive , and worth every cent of its cost . I love designing my own greeting cards and playing with graphics . For the person who enjoy expressing creative genius -- this software is for you !
 I got the original Print artist way back when and still use it for some projects . Easy , uncomplicated . Gold is good .
 Print Artist is the best thing in your computer is that you but print artist can do anything art like Birthday card , greeting card and others so what are you waiting for install print artist
 How can I buy Print Artist for my iMac ? Elaine
 I had the Print Artist 4.0 and decided it was time to update . I recieved my new program today and it is super ! The photo editing is just what I was looking for . I can now do so much with my photos in this program . The art images are out of this world ! The best ever is the `` Freedom '' art collection they have included . No need for a different program to make CD labels as this program has it all ! As always Sierra has come out with an easy to use program . When they say `` No Experience Necessay '' they mean it ! Super program , you ca n't go wrong with this one !
 I 'm startled to find that someone with Internet access and a problem with software would NOT go to the home page of the publisher and get help . The `` printing problem '' spoken of -LRB- in the review below mine -RRB- is easy to fix , though tedious to implement -LRB- you must apply the fix to each project face you are printing -RRB- . Please go to the Support area of Sierra Home -LRB- the publisher -RRB- to download the fix.Meanwhile , this software is a bit long in the tooth and Sierra is not a very good owner but the product has a loyal , devoted following amongst hobbyists who enjoy printing projects . It is powerful enough that some ladies have started successful home businesses using PrintArtist.The included professional designs can act as a whole course in layout if you dissect and study them . When was the last time you saw a two or four year apprenticeship in a trade for thirty dollars ? And they deliver it right TO your house ! C'mon , it 's a steal.This newest edition finally seems to run well on Windows XP , though there are still a few machines around with minor Install troubles . Again , visit the Sierra site for support fixes.PrintArtist was developed from the ground up as a great little OBJECT ORIENTED graphics package , which distinguishes it from its brethren . Nothing is tacked on . The interface is easy and usable , accessible to bright 8-10 year olds . This is not a trivial achievement . I tested a more expensive package just yesterday that was so poorly thought out , I could hardly see the design on the page in its default settings.Most of the included graphics are not world class but a lot of the `` art '' made with such programs ends up on refrigerator doors anyway . There 's nothing wrong with the basic TOOL and I 'd encourage any professional or aspiring designer of ANYTHING to buy this package and diddle with it . It will do 85-95 % of what a lot of extremely expensive software will do and gives all generations in your family the chance to exercise their creativity . I 've owned and used all the small graphics programs as well as the big ones like Xara and Photoshop . PrintArtist makes the Top Three List .
 I 've used my Print Artist kit and love it . It has so many features that are simple and easy to use . Does n't take long to get the hang of it . I would recommend it to all who like to do their own desktop publishing . Used the clip art for cartoon fish for my grandson 's nursery walls . They turned out extraordinary . There is just no limit to the things you can use it for . Great product .
 I bought this game for my 4-year-old and he loves it ! Kids get the chance to build their own race track with different types of obstacles and then see how many they can run over to earn points . When they have earned enough points they can make their own driver 's license to print out . It is a great game for younger children who love race cars .
 I work with kids in a school 's extended care program . The 4 and 5 yr olds love this game . We had one before that got damaged and no longer worked . I was delighted to find another one was available .
 i had this print shop once before and i love it . its one of the best print shops i have ever purchased . im glad i bought it when i did . its worth buying because you get alot of really nice pics as well as a bunch of stuff to do .
 I like it , but I thought the original print studio by Disney interactive was better .
 I have been a Print Artist user for several years now so I have some experience with past versions -LRB- platinum and earlier -RRB- . I had become so frustrated by the whole program I thought to try something else this time , however , the exceptional price convinced me not to and for that I am exceptionally pleased . Why is it better this time around ? I absolutely need to spell check everything I type and this version has finally added the spell check feature . The whole menu is easier to navigate and the editing abilities have been vastly improved . The new designs are funky and more elaborate . They now have better clip-art with a greater variety of objects and thankfully it is arranged in slightly more logical categories , so you might actually find what you are looking for . Not having to insert a cd , wait for it to load and wade through an all but useless search engine in order to use a different graphic helps too . But none of these are the best part . My version included a full one year subscription to ArtToday for free , that is a hundred fifty dollar value -LRB- they upped the price from 29.99 to 153.40 yearly * wow * -RRB- . Great stuff for fifteen bucks I say .
 Although a relatively cheap program , do n't let that tell you anything ! This program is a fantastic value , great from making cards , to making other knick-knacks . If you want a good quality print program , I would seriously recomend this program . It 's served me very well for what I need in a normal house-hold environment !
 I need to know if this software is compatible with windows xp . please e-mail me information -- thanks lI absolutely loved the print artist that I used on my other computer ... thanks
 Print Artist Print Kit Edition is the only resource you will utilize to create outstanding printable projects . The program comes complete with thousands of pre-made layouts for everything from greeting cards to gift boxes and clock faces , and every one is customizable . Or you could select a blank and start from scratch . Digital photographs can be imported to any project for a personal touch . There is even a section with the complete line of Avery brand labels and cards . So when you are ready to print there is no need to worry about adjusting the proper margins.I have used Print Artist Platinum 4.0 for years and decided it was time for an upgrade . Sierra 's Print Artist was the obvious choice .
 Print Artist Print Kit Edition has been a great resource for all of my creative needs . It is an easy program to learn and use , that also offers a great selection of pre-designed layouts and artwork . The ability to use Avery products was also a great plus and has made creating projects easy and professional looking . I would recommend this to anyone that has a creative knack or wants to look like it .
 This game was challenging even though I 'm a strait `` A '' student in 8th grade I learned alot from it . If you want to learn or your parents want you to buy a fun educational game this is the one .
 Ok ok I ca n't really say I 've had the pleasure of buying this game -LRB- frankly I think it 's a bit over priced -RRB- but I can say I 've purchased Knowledge Adventure 's previous merchandise before it has always had complete satifactory . I 've bought a few of there items in the past and they were very educational and benifitial . Knowledge Adventure trys to make there software educational and fun . That 's what 's important right ? You wan na teach your children and help them to learn yet try to catch there attention with something at a children 's level . This spy idea sure did catch MY attention ! I think it 's one of the best ways to teach children instead of forcing facts in to there heads with telvision shows all the time and work books . In conclusion I 'd like to say this item sounds like a good way of teaching your children langauge , math facts and so on . Go ahead and buy it !
 My son has been playing Meteor Madness and Tremor Trouble for over a month . He can complete almost ALL the levels by himself as long as I sit with him and show him how to do them the first time.This software is one of the things I can give my son to do where I can have a 1/2 hour or more to cook or complete paperwork and he is entertained.I highly recommend the software with the caveat to remember you 'll probably need to guide your kid -LRB- s -RRB- through it the first time . After that , they have no trouble . Funny thing is my son can now type his name on the computer and ca n't yet write it !
 My son has this game and Hurricane Havoc and he loves them both . They have great graphics and of course all the rescue heroes you could ever want . It is n't super educational but it does n't help with hand eye coordination . He can really use the mouse for a 4 year old .
 I played this with my 4 year old son and he thoroughly was mesmerized . The game details 4 emergency situations that result from a meteor shower . You get to rescue animals in the Australian Outback , hikers stranded in a canyon , skiers/hikers caught in an avalanche , and people caught in a movie studio hit by a tidal wave . The graphics are great - better than the cartoon . My son wanted to do it over and over again . The messages are positive because it features rescue workers savings lives of people and animals .
 My 4 year old son spent his own birthday money on this and it was not wasted ! He loves it and it 's a great game . Challenging enough to stay interesting but not too difficult for a 4 year old . By the way , his 12 year old brother likes it too . I love the adventure and the positive messages of the game , although he did drive me nuts in the car singing ` no one gets left behind ! ' over and over for at least 20 minutes .
 My son has been playing this game for about 10 months and it is still his favorite . He just turned 4 , and it is hard enough to keep him interested but not so hard that he gets frustrated .
 Anything Rescue Heroes is a hit with my kids and me . I like the non-violent orientation of the toys and games . The kids really enjoy the different scenarios and the badges they can print out . Pretty easy to use . My 7 year old is much more proficient than my 5 year old but if you have a kids who already plays video games or gameboy they should have no problem with this game .
 My 3 year old son got this for a christmas present and he loves it . It does n't take long to learn how to play , which is sometimes rare to find . The different levels of play come in handy when you notice that your child has almost mastered the game . This is one of his favorite things to play .
 Outstanding play value as the player has a productive purpose : to rescue . Easy for child to grasp . Well executed and allowschild to repeat a game at any level .
 I like the fact that the whole program is on only one disk , not 5 or 10 like other programs . The only better program out there is Microsoft Publisher .
 Simply the most creative home publishing software available . All of the tools to easily make the most unique print projects , including professional - looking greeting cards , banners , newsletters , calendars and much more are included . No design experience is necessary as Print Artist features superior ease of use , the most creative print tools , best graphics , and includes animated e-cards . If you can dream it , you can create it with Print Artist!With Print Artist 12 and a little imagination , it 's easy to create projects you never dreamed possible : Greeting CardsNewsletters3D CraftsBannersScrapbooksCertificatesCalendarsStationeryAnd Much More !! IncludesHundreds of original art images10 ,000 top quality images4 ,000 professional designed layouts5 ,000 + sentimentsPrint Artist Graphics Grabber300 fonts
 if you can still use this software , do n't upgrade your computer because you will never find a better program or clip art available . was so disapointed when I got vista and windows 7 and could no longer use print artist 12 . would be willing to go back to older program . used for posters for church . today can not compare with my older results . If you can use it , buy it . you wo n't be sorry . bargain at any price .
 We got this because the earlier Print Artist -LRB- which my wife loved -RRB- would n't run on her newer Windows XP computer.She says that she liked it a lot , but it did n't have all of the graphics that she liked from the earlier version.Now she has a Mac , and wishes that there was a version of Print Artist that ran on that platform .
 Pooh Print Artist is a great tool for all of you Pooh freaks like me . It is extrememly easy to use and has a ton of different Pooh pictures and lots of different ways to use them . You do n't have to be a computer genius to use this software effectively . Even a child could do it , and it 's fun , fun , fun !!!!!!
 Great item at an affordable price . My wife loves to do alot of thank you cards and birthday invitations with this product . We save time and money just by creating our own cards . We have recommended this site and product to others . Thank you very much .
 This is a delightful program . Very versatile and a must for any Disney fan . I am looking forward to the release of Creation 2 .
 i think this `` toy '' look great ! lots of things to do
 it took about an hour to get it to work right but I love the program . I can pick up blank check paper from any business depot and it works . Putting in the account info was a bit time consuming put over all it is great . thanks
 I found MyBusinessCheckWriter extremely useful for my business . The easy-to-use design wizard give me the freedom I needed to create professionally designed checks . I have multiple bank accounts in U.S. and Canada and each time the checks were successfully accepted . I was able to add my company logo , font , and digital signature . This is a must product for a business that wants to save time and money . I was able to integrate it with my Quickbooks data as well . It even came with checks enclosed .
 Let me begin by saying that I 've only been using Photo Deluxe for a couple weeks , but I 'm probably being generous with the 4-star rating . The fourth star was mainly for the free web-posting capability and Adobe 's reputation . As general use goes , I guess I 'd have to give it a three . First off , as with prior versions , the step-by-step progression through everything makes me crazy ! I had hoped that Adobe would have abandoned this for the new version . I 'm not wild about having to go through all the proceeding steps to get to the one I want . Also , I do n't care for the way this program sets up printing , and do n't make more than one mistake without saving because there 's only one level of undo , so if you really screw up , you have to start over from the beginning or your last save point . And then when you want to `` save as '' you get to choose the Adobe PDD format ... period , unless you save for e-mail or the web then you get to choose JPEG and a couple others . But try to open an Adobe PDD format in another editing program and you 'll more than likely find that you ca n't do it . In it 's favor , there 's a lot of neat tools here and it 's fairly easy to use . There 's lots of `` cute '' stuff like the clip art and the seasonal add-ons that the program automatically notifies you of so you can put the CD in and load it if you 're into that sort of stuff . I 've spent an enormous amount of time experimenting with different editing programs over the last few months looking for a decent one under $ 100 just for general purpose use . I do photography professionally and I use Photoshop 5.5 , but that 's another league . This is all opinion , but for ease of use , Microsoft Picture It gets my vote especially when it 's used along with Microsoft Home Publisher 2000 . But for about twenty bucks more than Photo Deluxe 4.0 there 's Ulead Photo Impact 5.0 . This is a great program ! There 's up to 99 levels of undo and great tools and palletts . I use this one extensively . And the really good web tools are on Photo Suite III . As for Photo Deluxe 4.0 , it 's an ok program , but if you 're just beginning to get into digital imaging , I believe Picture It is the better bet , and if you want more for not much more , go with Photo Impact 5.0 . All in all , I 'm really dissappointed in Photo Deluxe 4.0 .
 Adobe 's PhotoDeluxe Home Edition 4.0 , an entry level , consumer-oriented image editor , includes many of the great color-correcting and painting tools common to its professional software package , Photoshop 5.X . Though easier to learn and use than Photoshop , PhotoDeluxe 4.0 contains some features that are not quickly accessible or understandable to novice users , and that 's where a class series , such as given regularly by Leisure World PC Users Group comes in handy . Also , Adobe PhotoDeluxe 4.0 for Dummies by Julie Adair King is a fun and easy guide to photo retouching and cool digital effects.The Adobe PhotoDeluxe 4.0 interface makes it easy to handle the basics of editing pixel-based images , and saving and printing files . A wide variety of image-editing tools are available in the program that allow you to manipulate the brightness and contrast controls , color options and picture/canvas size . There are also commands for adding borders and shadows ; fixing red-eye syndrome ; changing an image 's focus ; and removing dust , noise , and patterns . Both guided activities and the advanced menu can be used for accessing painting , layers , and type tools ; adjusting color , and working through special projects such as creating wallpaper and sending images via e-mail . The Help files cover all aspect of the Adobe PhotoDeluxe program including fun effects , troubleshooting problems , shortcuts , and online resources .
 ... Photo Deluxe saves to a number of other picture formats including jpg and bmp . To do this you go to the File Menu and select Export then File Format . . The . PDD file format is the uncompresssed native file format of Photo Deluxe , very much like the . CMX file format of Microsoft 's Photo Draw . Unlike the other Finished Formats -LRB- jpg , bmp , tiff , etc. -RRB- , which flatten out your work into one solid layer and loose detail along the way , these special native formats allow programs like Photo Deluxe to store your work without loosing any detail - all layers and inserted components or objects are maintained separately in the digital realm without any degredation . This is perfect for future editing ! ... Photo Deluxe 's Photo Size and Canvas Size functions , which perfectly calibrate the optimun display , printing and saving sizes of your work ... Photo Deluxe is probably the most formidable Photo Editor in its range - bundled free with digital cameras and scanners or -LSB- for a good price -RSB- . My only gripe is that over the years I have been hoping that the program 's features and sophistication grow with my level of skill and curiosity . But then that 's a bit selfish of me because others would not get the opportunuty to experience the well balanced introduction to Photo Editing that Photo Deluxe gives . I guess that I need to upgrade to its bigger brothers , Photo Shop LE or the full blown Photo Shop . No , the last time I checked the move was too big a jump and plus , Photo Deluxe is still serving my need just fine .
 As a grade school kid who happens to have a knack for computers , I 've always been interested in graphics of all sorts . I 'm very glad I purchased photodeluxe . While it 's definetly not the best of Adobe 's products , its good for beginners and allows quite a bit of flexibility . I had no problems operating it and I found it was actually a valuable asset to my web page . The best part is that you can fix photos that have poor lighting and adjust the contrast and color balance . You can add special effects to your photos as well as changing the background , creating cards and calendars , and exporting them into different formats . I would recommend this product for anyone who just wants to make photos look better and make the most of their graphics . Simply put , Adobe is probably the best when it comes to graphics , but Photodeluxe can only go so far . Anyway , it 's good enough for me !
 This is the first program I have of this type . My brother had the earlier version on his old computer , so I decided to get it for mine . I like it . I have been able to fix many pictures , including those I have scanned in from negatives . One key thing I do concerns the printing . I do n't use Adobe Photo Delux . I export each picture to the JPEG format . I , then , use my printer program or another program to print , so I can print multiple images on a page or a single image . This helps control the size of the printout . I would like to see Adobe update V4 .0 and fix some of the features and add new ones . I have had pretty good luck in repairing photos . Works for me .
 This is ideal and is as good if not better than current Adobe Photoshop -- all versions .
 I have actually been using a free copy of the 1.0 version of this software for the past 9 years ! I have installed it on 4 laptops now , including a new one I bought last week that runs with microsoft vista - I still ca n't believe I was able to get it to install , but it seems fine ... I use it to edit photos , but I do n't print them , and also to create graphics for business cards , postcards , evites , etc. . It 's not perfect , but it does almost everything I need and I did n't have to take a class to learn it .
 I received this software free with my scanner years ago and find it 's simplicity a breath of fresh air . I do n't have to upload to a special folder to work on photos unlike Photoshop 6.0 . For the novice , this is a great user friendly piece of software . Too bad they strayed from it 's simplicity when they upgraded and left this one to the archives .
 I was very pleased to discover all of the data packed into this program . Setting up the query parameters is easy & the amount of info concerning places of interest -LRB- services , banks , transportation -RRB- is substantial . About the only drawback I found was the quality of the help contents , which was not very user friendly . Most of the time I was unable to find solutions to my question/problem because the data was way too complicated -LRB- displaying data in technical equations -RRB- or was not listed at all . However , calls to technical support usually resolved the questions . Finally , I was disappointed that the program does not allow you to print written legends off to the side on your map -LRB- ie
 There is a lot of meat to this product ; identify drive times from a certain location , overlay income or other demographic info and convert selected areas into zip codes and export to Excel . Export maps in Word with push pins showing the location of important locations for others without MapPoint . Not particularly easy to learn and the book MapPoint for Dummies is an earlier version . Still , its a powerful program with great tools .
 Mappoint is a great product but I do n't understand why there are n't more city maps for Mexico included . This product is supposed to be for North America , to which Mexico belongs . Monterrey , Nuevo Leon and Mexico City were improved this time but it is very disappointing that the other major cities are still just shown as crossroads ,
 i injoy this software easy to use till you use it on xp .
 I have been using MyChecks for two years now with Quicken and MyCheckWriter software . Had a little difficulty setting up the check structure , but once done everything works smoothly . You need to make sure that you have ALL software required to make these checks work properly .
 Be patient starting out & get your measurements correct . Take your time learning the basics but once you do , it 's lots of fun ! You can walk thru to see how your new room would feel & if you do n't like it , flip things around with a few mouse clicks . Change your wall colors , floor tiles , fabrics , re-size & re-upholster furniture.I used an older one to design our bed & beth addition but lost my cd & tried other programs but was very disappointed . Once you have your basic plan done -LRB- be sure & save a copy of it -RRB- , it 's always there for re-decorating or re-modeling ! Women may like this better than men , although I think people would expect men to like it better .
 Automatic backups in the background . Antivirus to protect my backed up documents . If my OS fails me , the ReZOOM drive keeps me going ... like a spare engine for my computer . It is hassle free and instant recovery from crashes is priceless . Pretty cheap for what you get . Traditional backups are too tedious and you have to manually recover the OS and your saved files . ReZOOM does all this for you !
 Eliminates downtime . Protects my productivity . this utilizes a 2nd hard drive . So if my primary drive fails -LRB- software or hardware failure -RRB- I can boot to the 2nd drive and continue working because all my system settings , programs and files are saved ! ReZOOM can also diagnose and repair my primary drive of its conflict . So whenever Windows crashes -LRB- and we know how often that can be -RRB- , ReZOOM buys me peace of mind . With 2nd hard drives so cheap -LRB- $ 120 for 12Gig IDE drive -RRB- this is a more viable means of backing up . It is also equipped with antivirus so if my primary drive is wiped out , then I can boot to the ReZOOM drive and keep working . ReZOOM can also restore my files automatically . What a concept ! Awesome product !
 I love this product ! The backup occurs in the background . I can select the files I want and when to have it backed up ... incrementally at every 30 minutes -LRB- or 40 or 50 -RRB- or during idle or at a set time ! I have a lot of critical information on my PC and ReZOOM gives me the peace of mind that if a failure occurs to my primary drive , the secondary drive -LRB- ReZOOM -RRB- will be there to save me . It can even repair my primary drive of software conflicts -LRB- restores files necessary to boot Windows -RRB- that is pretty powerful stuff ! Go Adaptec !
 The other reviewer is right about the help file . It 's not included for some reason but it 's fairly easy to use . If you have just the basic computer knowledge , you can find your way around . I bought mine back in 1999 after I bought my windows 98 second edition but it has been sitting around and this is the first time I ever use it . I runs fine on windows xp service pack 2 . You do need to install it , not like some other programs that runs off the cd and needs microsoft words to open . Make sure you restart the computer after installation and before using otherwise it might freeze . In other words , it 's a sufficient program that runs by itself and you only need a printer . Any printer will work but I recommend laser jet because ink jet tends to smudge or smear.The numbers of forms are very limited but it 's categorized in different types as follow.Sales of Purchase of Goods
 As usual , School Zone has presented another terrific learning tool for your third through fourth grader . We used it over the summer break to reinforce multiplication and introduce division . - loved it !
 this is one of the best products i have ever come across for real time picture ditortion
 The software is easy to install , and works perfectly with Yamaha PSR295 via USB . The lessons are clear and progressive . The program can rate your playing . It is better than a teacher .
 In fact , I credit these flashcards to my success in passing the ARDMS registry exam
 Norton Antivirus 2007 downloaded to my Dell XPS no problems . My dell came with Norton.Excellent product
 I have been using Norton Antivirus forever and am reluctant to move on although I 've read reviews of other products that put Norton in the middle of the pack .
 I have read all the negative reviews for norton internet security 2007and I just do n't get it , I just got 2007 and it works wonderful.PEOPLEyou have to configure norton to work properly . just installing it andnot configuring it is why you are having problems.And as far as resourcehog , no problems here . I have been using internet security since 2005and buy a new version every year not renew subscription every year.soin closing norton internet security 2007 works like it should . but youmust us it correctly .
 Do not be turned away by the negative reviews here . You have to remember that 95 % of people only post reviews if for some reason , something does n't work right for them . I upgraded my laptop from NIS 2006 to 2007 and could n't be more pleased . My system runs smoother and the Firewall and anti-virus now work much more seamlessly in the background and automatically take care of things without the annoying messages popping up asking what you want to do . It also has a smaller memory footprint and causes less of a performance loss than any earlier version . Since I never use the parental controls or ad blockers , I find their not being included to be a plus . Why clutter your system with things you 're not going to use ? I do use the anti-spam and if you want the added features , they are readily available from Symantec in the form of a free downloaded addon pack.Symantec has always been the best security software out there and this release does nothing to change that . It 's a nice improvement over earler versions . Kudos to Symantec , they 've done it again .
 I dont normally take the time to write reviews . However with how people have given this product such a bad wrap it almost stopped me making the purchase . I 'm glad I did buy it in the end . I upgraded from Norton Antivirus 2006 and yes it does slow your computer down compared to not having it installed but your computer will be more vulnerable to threats by it not being there . The accumulation of these threats will also slow your computer down and probably cause more harm.Therefore if you 're at all a tollerant person and can be put out by your PC 's performance suffering a tad this product I think is great and a definite step up from norton 2006 .
 Norton Internet Security 2007I ca n't remember how long it took Amazon to get this to me , but I 'm pretty sure it was fast . They usually get my orders to me sooner than they even state . And , of course , it goes without saying that Norton is a terrific product . Norton is very good at keeping the bad guys out of my system . Thank you Amazon and thank you Norton .
 I will only put Norton on my Compaq and this years version gave me some trouble until today . Seemed the program ran alot in the backround and I only had some media player access . ANSWER for those who have it and those who will purchace ... . TURN OFF the `` add-ons '' except for email anti spam , then turn on your search engines pop-up blocker . Wow do I fell better . Maybe I should have purchacedNorton AntiVirus 2007
 As someone who has had good experience with NIS 2004 and 2006 over the past 3 years , I hesitated to install NIS 2007 after reading all the negative reviews posted on Amazon . Numerous reviewers who appear to be experienced computer users indicate dramatically slowed internet access and computer crashes trying to go on-line , problems in starting up , problems with running standard software , and problems with NIS installation . One reviewer , trying to counter these concerns , suggests that perhaps the problems these folks were encountering are due to not having configured the installation properly ; but this raises further concerns by implying that , in 2007 -LRB- unlike prior years -RRB- , some sophistication is now required during the installation process.So it was with some trepidation that I finally gave in and bought NIS 2007 . My conclusion , after a week with this new software
 I have used Norton products since its debut in DOS . The Norton IS 2007 is alot better than 2006 ! They have streamlined some of the previously included programs for an optional add-on . -LRB- For those of us who do not want or need parental controls , etc. . -RRB- What was really nice was the FREE upgrade to NIS2007 , as long as your subscription is valid ! ** Norton does not play well with any other antivirus installed on your system , but why would you want to install more than one ??? It does not have a problem with most Anti-Spyware , I have multiple installed ! ** When Norton tells you to shut down all programs before install , do it to save on install problems . Install is very time consuming , even for upgrade version . -LRB- After install my boot time was halved from NIS2006 -RRB- . Pros
 I have owned an earlier version of chordAlchemy by tonalAlchemy for quite some time now . I 'm writing this review because as far as I 'm concerned chordAlchemy is actually as good as the developer says it is . It is an extremely sophisticated piece of software that is nevertheless quite easy to use . Everything tonalAlchemy is claiming that chordAlchemy does , it actually does ! And I found that when I had any problems whatsoever , I need merely send an email to the tonalAlchemy website and I would receive an accurate response quite quickly . You will find chordAlchemy to be a valuable tool no matter what your skill level is.I recommend this product without hesitation .
 When I bought this -LRB- actually the plus version -RRB- , I thought I was getting an e-book and a program that would simply access the Value Line survey pages . After all , it was listed as a book . But to my total surprise , it is a full-fledged windows application that is simply awesome . You can filter , sort , chart , manage your portoflio - like Quicken , get alerts and so on and so forth . I admit that I hesitated a bit before I decided to offer this opinion , because I really did n't want the word to spread . But , since I doubt many will see this anyway - for those of you who do - buy it !
 The thing I like most about this software is that you can chart the changes in Value Line 's recommendations over the past 5 or 6 years . Look at when they reccommended to sell TYCO and you 'll see what I mean . I wish it had real time data though . But all in all it is definitely worth the money .
 You can definately choose to backup more that just the entire hd . You can choose individual folders if you want . My friend uses it to just back up one huge folder that has all his business files.I must admit that I 've never actually used it to restore anything yet so I ca n't testify how well it would do that , but it 's been backing up my hd faithfully for over a year every Monday morning at 6am . Installation was a breeze . However , the documentation and user interface is poor . The explanations as to how the program works is also insufficient . I 'd like to see more of a well written explanation as to what it 's doing and how it works .
 I do n't understand all the negative reviews . This software won several awards from respected computer magazines . For me , it installed easily when following the documentation and it seems to be backing up the files and directories I selected . It 's been running on my PC since April , 2007 . I just purchased and installed a network storage drive so I will be moving the backups to that drive .
 Very easy to install . Seems to be doing my backups as scheduled . It is what I needed and everyone needs .
 I have this software installed on a PC at home and it works great ! Easy to install , runs like clockwork . I have used it to restore and it works every time . I backup about 25GB of my 80GB hard driveContrary to what others say it IS possible to pick and choose only certain folders on a hard drive that you want to backup . When you set it up you can choose 1 -RRB- Backup my entire computer , 2 -RRB- Let me choose specific files , folders , and drives , 3 -RRB- Let me choose files by type.I ca n't comment on support -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- because I have n't needed it .
 When I bought this , I thought I was getting an e-book and a program that would simply access the Value Line survey pages . After all , it was listed as a book . But to my total surprise , it is a full-fledged windows application that is simply awesome . You can filter , sort , chart , manage your portoflio - like Quicken , get alerts and so on and so forth . I admit that I hesitated a bit before I decided to offer this opinion , because I really did n't want the word to spread . But , since I doubt many will see this anyway - for those of you who do - buy it !
 I , like you , have been wading through the sea of worthless hyped information in search of a decent small business accounting package . I 'm not an accountant , I am small business owner with a mission . When I asked my small biz friends what they were using the usual offer was to loan me a copy of their quickbooks cdrom . I declined each time while asking more probing questions . The # 1 QB complaint was too many upsell ads followed by complaints about QB 's cumbersome steps . All recommended at least 12 hours of self training before using QB . Three of five said they had quit using quickbooks pro . Two had outsourced accounting to a part time bookkeeper for about $ 1500 month . Over the years I worked in consulting . I was on the project team for installation and conversion of the worlds largest installation of Oracle Financials -LRB- at Zales Jeweler 's -RRB- . The moral learned was that consultants NEVER recommend something that cuts into future consulting revenue . So why do accountant 's pitch QB ??? Is it popularity , apathy or greed ? Interesting that CNET reviews of QB do n't display any score . CNET gives MYOB a 7.7 and SA is 7.0 . So how could I possibly compare with that data ? The answer is that it 's not possible . While most people would give up and simply roll the dice on QB - My stubborn dedication drives me to seek a better answer.Facts discovered so far :1 -RRB- ALL the old QB reviews are bad signs , Many of the old MYOB reviews were somewhat good with certain conditions .2 -RRB- MYOB offers a free flash tutorial & 30 day moneyback or you can take the trial download . http://www.myob.com3 -RRB- Small business owners are pioneers , control freeks , willing to give-up a steady paycheck to purse an uncertain path to their dreams . We take our chances and make our own money . I ca n't get ahead by just following the pack .4 -RRB- You will have to invest some effort to learn a new product . I planned on 12 hours over one weekend .5 -RRB- I need a good solid bookkeeping system . Advanced forcasting just does not apply in small business . We always want more and need to focus on better marketing & promotions . No accounting package would have forcasted my sales growth correctly . A good promotion can completely change your future . -LRB- You can really kick start sales with `` Free Publicity '' by my new friend Jeff Crilley -LRB- Fox News -RRB- and `` Ultimate Marketing Plan '' by Kennedy -RRB- .6 -RRB- I will always have to pay for annual upgrades anyway .7 -RRB- You should expect tech support is usually a low paid warm body reading from the manual . Good training on my end is the better strategy for most issues . -LRB- search on myob training -RRB- I downloaded the free trial from MYOB.com along with the tutorial . My control freek nature wants to make a program conform to me , but I have agreed to give it a chance using it as designed . Next week I will reload the system and begin using it for daily operations . So far it looks good for my service business ... Try it yourself before cratering to QB . Your future may depend on it.I wish you all the best in your endeavor , David CannonPresidentCertTest Training Centers - Management Certification Traininghttp : / / www.certtest.com
 Intuit treat me -LRB- their customer -RRB- with complete contempt . Every year they make piecemeal upgrades to their software instead of sitting down to do the job properly with major releases every 3 to 4 years . MYOB is the small business accounting leader outside the US . My take is that MYOB spend their money on PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT whereas Intuit spend their money on ADVERTISING . I am a MYOB convert . The package is robust and has more features than Quickbooks . Minor whiney comments like `` does n't print duplicate invoices '' -LRB- ever heard of multipart forms ??? -RRB- just do n't stack up . Software is very stable and quite intuitive .
 I 've been pleasantly surprised by MYOB after being referred to it by a friend . I had never heard of it prior . It was simple set-up and it does everything I 'd ever need -LRB- actually a lot more -RRB- .
 I 've been using musicmatch for awhile now and I must admit that I love it . What I love about it is that the formatting of CDs is simple . Real Jukebox is now Real One , where they pitch their service relentlessly and Windows Media Player by Microsoft is difficult to configure into burning MP3s as they are very sensitive about the music rights of artists.The brutal reality . If you want to burn your CD collection onto your computer this program is the easiest one out on the market to configure , burn and organize MP3 files onto CDs . I believe Microsoft will eliminated Real Networks in a matter of years as they continue to give away their product but a product like this is priceless for die hard music fans . Once you burn the MP3s you can use whatever program you want to play it . Use whatever floats your boat , Real , Media Player or WINAMP .
 Musicmatch is the best there is out there ! It 's so easy to make cd 's and the online radio is the best that I 've come across . This program is worth every cent . The user interface is so easy to use , and if you do n't understand something , the program will take you right to their site to give you access to even more information . Also , there are skins that you can give your Jukebox , which gives it a more personalized look . I also really like the fact that I can save different playlists for use in the future .
 I think this piece of software was worth it . It has saved me alot of time when looking for music to download , . through all the mis hap , . music match 's online radio and search engine has always been there ! i love it , . and making mp3 's is really easy and burning cd 's is a snap ! i give it 5 stars !
 This thing is pretty cool . I can change all of my cd 's into wma or mp3 format , even WAV . It works great with many top of the line mp3 players . Samsung makes the best . If you are trying to rip your cd 's into mp3 's , this is a very good program for beginners . Why did I not give it 5 stars ? Because the one flaw is that it wo n't work with Windows XP .
 I have read the other reviews for this product , and I have to say that I would agree with most people that it sucks ... IF I did n't have HP RecordNow on my system . Burning CD 's off of MMJB is very time consuming and irritating , but with Recordnow , a separate program that came with my PC , I find it to be the easiest way to organize and burn my own compliation CD 's from my collection.I tried using Windows Media Player , but I became very frustrated with the file types that it saves your songs under . Microsoft seems too paranoid about copyrights and so forth . Deservedly so , because they are a target of legal action.So ... my recommendation is NOT to get MMJB unless you have a darn good burning software program . Also , to the person who wanted to record tapes onto CD 's ... Man , why would you wan na do that ? Just break down , buy the CDs instead , and then burn them . Everyone knows that the sound quality on tapes just -LSB- stinks -RSB- , so what 's the point of even putting it on a CD ? CD 's were made for better sound quality , and you 're defeating the purpose if you burn the contents of the crummy tapes onto a CD.Anyway , I like MMJB , and will continue to use it .
 This is the first release made available to the public beyond its own website . However , there are now more advanced versions of MusicMatch out , so I suggest getting them . What is this software used for ? Organizing and playing your MP3s , WAVs , AVIs and MPGs . First it finds all of the media on your computer in directories that you specify and databases them . From that database , you take the files and drag them into the playlist . You can create and save playlists , and it is compatable with CDDB , meaning you put a music CD into the drive and it will tell you the artist and the track titles . The only bad part is the CD creation , because the software does not work with all CD burners !
 The Mac OS 8 was received in a well protected package . No I have n't used it yet but I have it and will be trying it soon .
 This was my first amazon.com software purchase for a system I knew little about . I inherited an old ` Performa ' 6115CD with all kinds of keen software but several corrupt system files . The several week long search led me to your vendor , who had the best price . He was very patient with me , and made sure I got the right version . I made an excellent investment ; the system installed and performed flawlessly!Thanks , amazon.com and vendor aliand_books ! Joseph Magliozzi
 I recently switched from QuickBooks for the Mac and it 's like night and day . I 'm thrilled that someone actually takes Mac Small Businesses seriously and continues to develop -LRB- read as
 My almost 5 year old has played this game everyday for the past month . I am sure there are still options he has n't figured out . The game starts with a blank canvas to set up a train track and scenery to go with it . When you are ready to see the city come to life there is a control center to start your trains moving . The fun for him is setting it all up , just like with real legos .
 It 's an easy game to operate with a lot of options that makes building the train line and city fun . However , it did n't come with any written instructions , and the Lego animated guide spokeman spoke very bad English with a Japanese accent . After 2-3 sentences , he only spoke Japanese , so the operations had to be easy to follow without written or verbal instructions . Other than that , it 's a very fun game .
 I bought this game for a dollar from a local store in my city . There are no written instructions and I guess the little characters speak Japanese . My son and myself enjoy playing this game together . We managed to learn about some of the features by trial and error . For example , if some of the characters of your town do not have a destination , or a place of employment , they will wander around the train stations moping . So , make sure you add all of the little buildings especially , the radio tower . By adding the radio tower , a little airplane and hot air balloon will appear . Additionally , if you add the tiny telephone booths you will get a little lego superman who flies around the city.I wish they still made this game or at least instructions in my language .
 I have used this on a number of machines and it is very effective . On one machine it found and eliminated 1400 `` pests '' as it refers to the spy ware . It is reasonably fast . Install is fairly easy BUT - > The scanner may not run the first time on some machines
 This game is fun and educational for not only the children but for the family.I had bought this for my nephews and we all had fun with it.The only thing is that you do n't have many choices to stray from the purpose .
 this game is lots of fun ! It took me back to my childhood when I used to have it . It 's very educational with its lessons in U.S. geography and it 's fun facts about the places you visit on the game . I lost it somehow a few years ago , but I bought it again a week ago . It WILL work on 64 bit systems , but you have to install Oracle Virtual Box to play it on Windows 98 . In order to install Windows 98 on your Virtual Box , you have to have the Windows 98 CD to run on it and install the operating system . There are lots of tutorials on youtube that show you how to do this . Once its installed , you should be able to play it . I hope this helps !
 This is a fun CD if you are a Rugrats fan . It has fun games that can be played by many and keeps your child 's attention . The CD arrived in a timely manner and in great conidition .
 a game for adults and kids ... really simple and its really cool ... the kids love it and when they are in school im guilty of playing myself ...
 Preclick Silver is a great photo organizer and can also be used for limited photo editing . It quickly finds all the photos on your computer and allows the user to add labels and make folders . Will search for photos a variety of ways . We also fix red eye -LRB- very easily -RRB- , crop , color correct , and change to black and white . Pictures are displayed by date taken across the bottom of the screen , like a movie strip . Pictures to be printed can be selected by clicking the print tab , then can be printed to any size desired , from thumbnails to 8 by 10s . Preclick Silver is a great program for beginners or those with limited computer experience . Even though I have other photo editing programs that I use more often , I still use Preclick all the time to print photos , send images by email , and send shots to be printed to Snapfish . It is easy to click back and forth between different images to decide which shot works best . The software does have to be registered online for the program to work .
 The game is very deep and fun its only drawback is that windows seven has a few compatibility issues with it but that 's not the games fault pick up a copy you wont regret your purchase .
 If you like virtualpet games you will love this game . YOu can pick any pets you want from any litter online or not if they get hungry just feed always play with them and give them attention or they will get lonely .
 when i saw this game ithought ewwwwww . the next day my mom got it for me . i gusse she thought i took an intrest to it . wow it was sooooo much fun . i recently will get a nintedo ds with nintendogs . i think that will be better . but this game was pretty fun while it lasted on the intresting list in my head . one thing this game offers that petz , nintendogs , catz , and dogz dosnt have is varitey of animals !! its fabulouse . very fun for any age any time any body .
 This is a handy , lightweight utility that is best suited for IT technical professionals who are tasked with service or support delivery . While it does n't do anything that can not be done from a Windows or UNIX command line , it groups the most often used TCP/IP application layer and ICMP utilities in an attractive Windows-based user interface that includes a few bells and whistles missing from the command line versions.The basic utilities are ping , traceroute , whois and finger . There is another function called lookup that gives the DNS name if you input the IP address , or returns the IP address if you give the DNS name . The real power comes from the scan function - you can scan a subnet to discover every IP address on the subnet , as well as ports . You can scan the entire range of a subset , as well as resolve names . In addition you can filter your scans to look for any combination of services ranging from http , snmp , dns , pop3 , etc. . This is a nice feature for support personnel doing a quick security check , but a scan can also trip security alerts , so if you use this feature make sure you inform network and security personnel before you do.Another feature included in on a tab titled WinNet , which allows you to discover all Windows services running on a network or subnet . This is augmented by another tab titled SNMP , providing discovery services for devices that are SNMP-enabled . The throughput feature is also useful in that it allows you to test the throughout between your workstation and any target host on the local network or Internet.Other tools include an LDAP browser , HTML validator and time server synchronization.System requirements are Intel 486 or Pentium processors with Windows -LRB- 98/Me/NT / 2000/XP -RRB- , and the vendor , Ipswitch , provides excellent customer support .
 Bought this product based on an Apple consultant recommendation - best thing I did . The interface is so easy and install process assistant got me up and running within 10 minutes . Everything is right in front of me and I know exactly all I can do in each section of the product following the cool navigation tool - `` Command Center '' design.I 'm not an accountant - do n't want to be - just want to get paid and track my customers , sales , etc. - This product does it all . Bonus - I can charge credit cards in the software and the rates are WAY LOW !!
 This is one of the best Accounting software titles available , for any platform . While QuickBooks will not let an `` advanced '' user -LRB- someone with a good knowledge of Accounting -RRB- to see what is going on and enter double-accounting transactions directly , MYOB AcccountEdge lets you do either way you prefer . One of the best Mac software titles available . It makes the entire process fun . Highly recommended . You will not be disappointed . Check also the online tutorials for FirstEdge on the MyOB site to get an idea of how easy and pleasant this software is to use .
 May granddaughter is having a bit of trouble with her advanced history , this is a great addition to her studies as the visual will help her greatly . Thanks for such fast service .
 My four-year old loved this book ! He really learned a lot . It helped him excel in Mathematics and Reading . He is GT in all his classes now .
 Want to teach your kids to enjoy listening to music , especially classical ? Then try this program . Easy-to-use interface , wonderful tunes , great exposure to classical music in these sad rap-and-brittney times . Not for the faint of heart , however . Despite its simple interface , kids used to story lines and immersive environments will find this more like a standardized test than fun software , at least on first blush . However , if you are willing to sit down with them and help out , then the game becomes lots of fun . I liked the way it adjusts itself to the capabilities of the player . At the higher levels the game is quite challenging , even for adults . When my kids sit down to play , the music that comes forth is a great alternative to the mind-numbing drivel that normally accompanies video games . I actually enjoy listening to them play . If you have a decent set of speakers , then it sounds really nice . I wish I had this to play with when I was taking first grade piano lessons ...
 I teach piano lessons to a variety of ages . I use this game to supplement the instruction and all of my students love to play this game ! -LRB- With the exception of one or two teenagers that think they are too cool . -RRB- It is entertaining for my younger students . The images and music hold their attention and they have grown in their ability to hear and reproduce music . Yet it is still challenging for my adult students . I even enjoy to sit down and play it for a while . Another benefit is that it allows me to track each student 's progress individually by saving the games under each student 's name .
 I was looking for a piece of software to help me manage my growing cache of digital photos . I looked at uLead , iMatch , IDImager , Adobe , and more . I chose Jasc 's Paint Shop Photo Album 5 Deluxe . It is well designed , easy to use and does all I need . - Organize by keyword , date , file folder - Archive to CDs and access them -LRB- the software `` remembers '' where they are -RRB- - Quickly do the most common photo enhancements -LRB- red eye , contrast , etc. -RRB- - Fast loading of images - Easy to pull the pictures off of my camera 's CF cardThey have a free trial at www.jasc.com , and I highly recommend it .
 I love Photo Album . It 's so easy to use . The Quick Fix feature is worth the price of the program - it fixes all of my photos and is totally amazing . I also like the picture frames.I have n't made one of the hardcover books yet , but I do use it a lot to create greeting cards . I made one for my father with a picture of me and him . He loved it and it 's so much more personal than a regular greeting card . Best of all , I made it in about 5 minutes before I went to work !
 This is a simple picture album program . Easy to use and can sort through many pictures . The program is properly priced . I bought another program first `` Adoby Photoshop '' it could not handel any kind of photo valume in comperison , the instaletion was dificult and the req to activate it where like trying to break into a bank .
 I just bought a new computer and I needed to buy a ton of programs for it . I 've been shopping around and noticed it at my local Fry 's store and could n't believe all the things you get for that price . I saw the Studio selling for $ 70 by itself ... not to mention the other great programs this comes with . Now I can make some music , put my records on CD , and create great presentations with OPUS PRESENTER -LRB- which is much better then Powerpoint -RRB- I highly recomend it !!!
 I 'm a big fan of the Nancy Drew mystery games and Nancy Drew and the Haunted Carousel does n't disappoint . Well , maybe a little . The story is good , game play is simple , but its too short . I got maybe 6 hours of game play out of it . If you 're looking for a challenging adventure game , pass this up . If you 're looking for a fun , easy , quick adventure , than this if for you . Perfect for kids .
 The Music was great , and the game was very suspensful ... I always thought ` This is where the villian is going to get me ' LOLAbout it being very short ... in other ND games , you had 4 or 5 masive rooms to explore ... and when you got stuck , you had to comb threw every room a couple of times to see if you missed something ... In HC there were 9 differant locations , over 12 differant rooms . Each was very small ... So you did n't always have to wonder if you missed something , and explore a huge room ... Just a couple of small ones . This break down was extremely helpful . The graphics were amazing , only , like Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake , the closed captioning would come on occasionaly when you did n't want it to . The music was great also , very amusment parkish ... LOL . This game had a very good plot , and a lot of comic relief , not to much , but enough to make this game fun . I do have to say , the ending where you battle the criminal was n't very long , so I was a little bit dissapointed , but It was still a great game . : ~ -RRB- I give it five stars .
 Once again , this is another one of the better Nancy Drew games . This one might be a little bit too easy or maybe just to some of us . It was really hard to guess who the culprit was this time . I did n't hate ANYONE because they were all pretty cool . The new added feature this time is a cell phone ! Nancy receives calls while she 's out and about and she can make phone calls anywhere she wants ! It 's not extremely spooky so you do n't have to get too scared about it . It 's not really scary at all . Just a little . This one was one of my 2 favorite Nancy Drew games ! I definitely think you should buy this one . Oh and I saw a review that was labeled `` Too Fast '' . I did n't read the review but I think that this game did go a little too fast . I mean not too fast for you to follow but you finish it too fast . I finished it in 2 days ! The first Nancy Drew game I finished took me 7 days ! Big difference . Nevertheless , this one was FUN !
 I found this computer game very intriguing . It has great digital effects , and many comical characters . I thought that they made the game even more interesting by adding mysterious music . I thought this game to be easier than the 8 others , but it was still very pleasurable to play . This is a great game because people can relate to the amusement park setting . This game is a truly unique one and no one who plays it will be disappointed !
 I am eight years old and I enjoyed this one easily the best from the other nine mysteries . Haunted Carousel lets you try for the brass ring on the carousel , play a mouth organ , check out a cool haunted house and much more . The ending is really hard to think of but you get it through with a couple of second chances . Try this one out next .
 In `` The Haunted Carousel , '' teenage sleuth Nancy Drew is on her eighth case
 I am a huge fan of the nancy drew computer games , and when i preordered it i was so exited . When i came i played it untill i beat it . It was very addicting.One of the favorite things about this gmae was how you could buy food from the hotel . I found this quite fun to do , and i know i sound strange but i did it constantly . In this game you get too - ride the carousel , play the mid-way games , insult the staff -LRB- i did this a lot -RRB- , and of course snoop.I know this sounds bad , but this game didnt exaclty meet how i thought it was going to be . I actaully found it very boreing at times . But all in all , it was really good .
 This is one of the best Nancy Drew computer games . It keeps you interested and at the end you 're begging for more .
 The best one I 've solved ! I was sad when it ended . And I suddenly realised how much I loved carousel horses ! I 'm eager to do another !
 I 've played many other Nancy Drew games and this is one of my favorites . It 's good as far as story line and interaction , I got stuck on some places but after I went back to talk with people everything was cleared up .
 The older Nancy Drew games , including this one , make me nostalgic . I miss when HerInteractive used to make games like this , without fantastic graphics but with more thought about plot and the excitement factor . To me , it just seems something in that department is sadly absent with the new games . However , this game is exciting and ... educational ? Well yes , I 'll freely admit that you might actually learn something , which is more than I can say for those seek and find games , where hunting miniscule picsols seems to be the main theme . Here , we have a mystery set in a theme park enivronment , with plenty of people to interview and a plot that keeps rolling . I remember particulary playing the carousel game and trying to get the ring , which took me seemingly forever.Overall , this a great game that makes me miss the earlier Nancy Drew games .
 I have played all the Nancy Drew PC Games so far and this is one of my favorites . I like the variety of challenges from the usual mystery-solving activities to the mini-games . The story and the characters are well written for a PC game . And the game is designed to become spookier as you get closer to solving the mystery of the Haunted Carousel . I recommend it for everyone from age 10 and up .
 A lot of the other reviewers mentioned that this game is shorter than the others in the series . I did n't really find that at all . I guess it might be an hour or two less in length , but it 's not as bad as some people are making it.Story-You are going to an amusement park in New Jersey to figure out why the carousel is starting up all by itself in the dead of night . Along with this incident , the roller coaster stopped for no reason in the middle of the ride . Figure out who is doing this as you interrogate suspects and search the park for clues.Graphics-Of course , it was a tiny step up as it always seems to be . The characters a little bit better as were the backgrounds . I have to say , though , when you get to ride the carousel -LRB- which you can ride as many times as you want -RRB- it is n't like you are just looking at a ride on a screen . With a little bit of imagination , you can almost feel like you 're on the ride . No , I 'm not strange , I just have an imagination.Sound-It has happy , almost , carnival music . It is not like this the entire game through -LRB- sometimes they tried to make it spooky -RRB- , but it is mostly carnival type music . The voice acting once again was n't perfect , but that 's okay in my opinion.Gameplay - As always this is a first person point-and-click game . The game takes place all in one day , so you ca n't change to night or something , but they added a room service option to this game , so anytime you want , you can go to the hotel you are staying at and `` eat . '' But do n't worry , you never have to eat to survive or something . Oh ! Another new feature is that you have a cell phone for the first time ! No more having to go the phone to call Bess and George . However , I have to mention , there are a LOT of people to call in this game . By the end of the game , you probably have at least 10 numbers in your phone . It can get annoying.Fun-It was a fun game as it has a midway -LRB- arcade -RRB- where you can go to play some games . The only thing is that they tried to make it scary in some areas , and it just was n't . The haunted house was n't even scary . This is really one of the least scary games in the series , I think.Length-Like I said , I did n't find it THAT short , but as opposed to the other games , this one takes about 8-9 hours to play straight through . It 'll probably take longer the first time you play it through.It really is a good game -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- but it does have its problems like most of the games . I definitely recommend that you get it , and I would also recommend it as a great game to start with if you are new to the series .
 I really liked this game . The puzzles were well integrated with the setting , you 're given 4/5 suspects for the mystery of why the carousel is running at night and who is tampering with it , the plot was pretty good , and the setting was fun . Oh , and the graphics were really nice and I loved the concept for the haunted house ride.The most obvious negative is that it was over far too soon . Ignore the marketing stuff that says it will take over 20 hours . I did it in about 5 with no help from walkthroughs . The other not as fun parts
 I have to say i loved this game it was really fun , even though it is the shortest one , taking me about 2 days to solve . It is easy , so it is good for someone who is playing their first game . It lets you ride the `` Haunted '' carousel , play the games on the midway , and also explore the insides of the shut down rides like the roller coaster and the haunted house . This game is not too suspensful , though , But i have to say i still enjoyed playing the band organ and making nancy pig out in her hotel room . The room service idea is kinda cool . But i think it was not a good idea to put a laptop in her room , since the game is already so easy . But all in all , it is a really fun game .
 I own and have played all the Nancy Drew games more than once , and this one would have to be one of my favorites.I had a little trouble when you had to play the arcade games , and when you had to make that wooden thingy for the carousel . Otherwise , Nancy Drew and the Haunted Carousel is a fun game !
 Nancy Drew and the Haunted Carousel will keep you , your friends , and family absorbed for hours . With codes , passwords , and riddles , you will never want to take your eyes off the screen . From eating a Fundae to escaping from the bad guy , the supension never ends . Do n't miss the ride !
 The Haunted Carosel is another creative game by HER interactive . The game is easy to play in an order and play through the game feeling like your getting somewhere and figuring out important things along the way . I liked the interactive game playing the midway games and the computor game on Nancy 's laptop ... The script was more deceptive than in some of the other games and lead you to believe it was someone else . The characters were all suspisous and kind of eclectic ... It was a fun game ...
 A very creative plot !! The clues fall right in line with the storey making it a simplier game to play but a really fun game . I thought this was a very creative way of piecing together the clues . Miles the robot was delightful and fun to follow his clues . More interactive things like computor games , playing the midway games and ordering food added a lot of fun to the game . Even if you are a # 1 sleuth at Nancy Drew this game is worth playing . It was creative and takes thinking ahead to another level .
 This is a realy good game but its short . I finished it in two days ! But I liked this game . You wo n't want to stop playing ! You learn alot too . For example I learned alot about electronics . I recomend you to buy this game .
 This game was very enjoyable though it was not the best in the Nancy Drew series . The plot was a little dry and the characters not as well developed as the games in the past but there were some good parts to balance it out .
 this game is really cool ! i liked riding the carousel , except when i fell of ! iv ' e played these other nancy drew games :1 . secrets can kill2.stay tuned for danger3.message in a haunted mansion4.treasure in the royal tower5.the final scene6.the haunted carouseli 'm quite good at these , actually!my fave was probaly this one , maybe , i cant choose !
 It is so much fun to play the detective once again . . I love the games . You want them to go on forever . This one was easier to solve quickly , but I still loved it ... it made me feel successful when I played it faster ... Meaning I never got `` stuck '' in this game . . It was fun to do the music rolls ... and I love to ride carosels ... . The game has more interaction on the side and it definitely worth playing ... I wanted the Hardy Boy 's to interact more in this one . I never had to call them ... I like calling people and talking with everyone ... . fun characters ... and some cool graphics ... . Loved it ...
 This is a really fun Nancy Drew game , just like her other ones , does not disappoint .
 I love nancy drew games so much so as soon as I got this one I was like great ! a week of fun but this one took me a day but other than that it was great !! -LRB- next time i 'll try senior -RRB-
 This Nancy Drew game is full of excitement when you go to figure out why the carousel is malfunctioning , what 's wrong with the roller coaster and decode a series of puzzles to help a friend . This game is great , but short .
 `` Haunted Carousel '' is not the same as the games that came before it , let me just make that clear . With `` Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake '' and `` Haunted Carousel '' , HER Interactive began a movement away from the more difficult , traditional style of adventure gaming and toward a more family and kid-friendly interface and game style . That said , this is not in any way a boring , dull , or easy game.The premise of `` Haunted Carousel '' is that you 've been sent to investigate threats and a possible haunting at Captain 's Cove amusement park . There is a lot of reading you can do to learn more about Captain 's Cove , the history of it 's carousel , carousels in general , and there 's even some basic engineering principles you have to learn . Maybe the most fun thing for me was uncovering the history of the carousel and Joy 's relationship to it and to the park . I did find it odd -LRB- even playing it for the first time , when I was swept up in the romance of carousels and amusement parks -RRB- that Nancy was solving Joy 's father 's puzzles , instead of just helping Joy , but that could be handwaved as a fault of the first-person point of view.A few of the characters seem a little superfluous , but complaints I 've heard about them being annoying seem a little petty . Same thing for the environment being flat , or boring . This is a behind-the-scenes look at running an amusement park , not a mystery that takes place while the park is running . I actually enjoyed being able to go behind the rides and look at how they worked and what was inside the `` Do Not Enter '' doors.While the mystery itself was not as time-consuming as those before it , I felt that the shortness of the mystery added to the appeal . There were two interwoven mystery plots , and I liked that . The educational aspect of the game seemed softened in this one , too . Games that come before and after this often seemed not to integrate the learning aspect of the game well , but in this case , it felt seamless . Learning shorthand was a little difficult , but it actually inspired me to take a class to learn it for real.This was not one of the more frightening games , I do admit . There were a few times I was startled , but no real sense of impending peril ever took over the game . It was a more puzzle-oriented game , and I actually quite enjoyed that . After two games with heavier plots -LRB- Scarlet Hand and Ghost Dogs -RRB- this was a welcome break.It 's a good beginner game , or a good game if you need an easier game after completing a few of the more challenging mysteries in the series .
 Gift for teen granddaughter . She loves the N.D. games . Got her as many as I could to fill her library .
 As the title says , I loved what I learned in this game . I still enjoy telling people about carousels when I see one , especially since many modern -LRB- usually extremely cheap -RRB- carousels do n't hold the same value as the older ones , as I 've noticed more and more . -LRB- Darn you game for opening my eyes to mundane things ! Though I do wish that the art of making carousel horses still meant something . -RRB- As in most games , the setting was beautiful and the characters were fun and interesting.Though also , as many people pointed out , it 's pretty short . But that 's ok with this game . It handles short very well , compared to many of the later games that leave a lot to be desired , I did n't really desire much with this game . Maybe if we 'd had more to do with the various rides or something , but really it was a great game for what it is.I would not recommend it for someone looking to get into the games as it is n't exactly a prime example of what these games are and can be , but if you 've already played some I would suggest you try this one out .
 As the father of a 13 year old girl , I 'm always grateful for anything that will keep her interest in an intellectually stimulating way . Haunted Carousel and the other Nancy Drew games provide a wholesome teen challange . Especially nice
 After 3 1/2 years , game after game , I consider myself to be somewhat of a fanatic of the Nancy Drew PC Series , and there are games in the series that I am quick to sing praise for , and also the occaisonal oops game , and although this game is n't one of the very best that HERInteractive put out , this game still has room for a somewhat positive review , as well as room on my game shelf.Story
 After 3 1/2 years , game after game , I consider myself to be somewhat of a fanatic of the Nancy Drew PC Series , and although I ca n't speak for every game -LRB- I 'm missing The Final Scene , Trail of the Twister and Shadow at the Water 's Edge -RRB- , there are games in the series that I am quick to sing praise for , and also the occaisonal oops game , and although this game is n't one of the very best that HERInteractive put out , this game still has room for a somewhat positive review , as well as room on my game shelf.Story
 This product came fast and was in prefect new , sealed condition !! Much better than other products i have ordered .
 Nancy Drew mystery/adventure computer games are the best . They have it all
 This time we are off to New Jersey to investigate a string of mysterious accidents . A horse has been stolen straight off the carousel ! Then a roller coaster stops mid ride . This game was one of the shortest Nancy Drew games in the series , but it was one of the most enjoyable also . I found that I never had any `` What should I do next ? '' moments . That was a good thing , this game got to the point instead of stalling and making us do tedious chores to pass time . It was super easy to navigate also , which was great ! In most Nancy Drew games , to go any where , you had to go through a long process . Here , all we had to do was click , and we were there . This was probably the reason it was so short . For the most part , I would say this is a light and cheerfull game . There were a few spooky parts though . If a younger child wants to play a Nancy Drew game , this one probably is n't your best bet . All in all I would deffinatly say this game is worth your money .
 I am almost fourteen , and I thought this was an intriguing and captivating game . I love how every time you have a good lead , or every time you complete a task , something new arises for you to investigate . There is almost always someone to talk to , or something to click on and research further ... However , I was a bit disappointed with the lack of puzzles so far -LRB- I am only half way through the game -RRB- , but there are so many other things to do that I was fully occupied . The graphics are really believable and the park has many nooks and crannies to explore and poke around in . I think the character development is fantastic ; every character is different and each one has a secret or a strong weakness . In some of the games , the characters are boring . But in haunted carousel , the characters are very realistic and not at all boring to listen to . I have played all of the games , except three , and I love this one ! Over all , this game had a good plot , however it was not the most original plot HER has come up with . There is just enough `` creepy '' without being at all scary . BUY THIS GAME !
 A beautiful , antique carousel is mysteriously starting up in the dead of night . Is it a ghost ... or is it more then it seems ? In this adorable adventure starring you as teen sleuth Nancy Drew , you explore Captin 's Cove , an amusement park in New Jersey suffering from a few ... problems.As you move throughout the park , you will have to solve various puzzles to advance deeper into the game . Sometimes , it will only take a phone call to dig up a clue , but other times , you will have to do things like decipher shorthand writing to advance -LRB- do n't worry , you 'll have plenty of help -RRB- . To warn veteran players , some things have changed in this installment . This time around , you have e-mail and a cell phone to aid you with your case . You will be able to use this cell phone anywhere but , unlike the other games , you will have to depend on it a lot more.I thought that the 7 locations in this game were well thought out and planned . The same thing goes for the 4 main characters , who , as you interrogate them , will ALL have a motive and ALL seem like they are the culprit . The music , though somewhat scary at times , only adds to the overall flavor of the game.Though it only took me 1 day to complete , I thought it was great ! If you are a parent you will also love it . Unlike some of the other computer games out on the market , this one lets your kids have fun , while they learn.The only complaint I have about Nancy Drew and the Hanuted Carousel is that it was too short , I guess time flies when your having fun !
 `` The Haunted Carousel '' is the eighth Nancy Drew PC game , and this one likely wo n't disappoint . Rich in detail , this game was obviously well-planned and well-made . The graphics are awesome , the storyline is believable , the characters are interesting and amusing , and the game is all-around great.In this game , you , as Nancy Drew , get full access to an amusement park where , recently , some very odd occurances have taken place . Search for clues , play games , solve puzzles and riddles , and -- in the end -- solve a mystery and outwit the villain . Like all the Nancy Drew games , `` Haunted Carousel '' brings gamers hours of entertainment and lots of fun . `` Haunted Carousel '' is , in my opinion , much better than its predecessor , `` Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake , '' which I found to be rather disappointing due to the fact that the games and puzzles seemed dull , and did n't tie well into the game . In `` Carousel , '' the presence of a carnival midway allows for the presence of games without the feeling that the games are weirdly out-of-place . Also , the educational elements of this game -LRB- which are present in all ND games -RRB- are incorporated nicely and subtly.I encountered one small problem with this game , however , and that involved the `` Barnacle Blast '' mini-game . It was impossible to beat/solve this game -LRB- a game that resembles `` breakout '' -RRB- because the `` paddle '' used to hit the ball was too small . However , this problem can be solved on some computers by running the computer in `` safe mode , '' thus making the paddle bigger . -LRB- Some computers may not enounter this problem at all , but I wanted to mention it in case yours has the same trouble mine did . -RRB- All in all , a great game ... appropriate for ages 10 and up ... adults will like it , too ! Perfect to play in groups or even alone ... `` The Haunted Carousel '' earns 5 stars from me !
 We love the Nancy Drew series and look forward to each new installment . We thoroughly enjoyed the Haunted Carousel but were very disappointed when we finished it in under four hours . It did n't seem to have nearly the depth of the others in the series .
 For everyone who thinks this game stinks - you are wrong.Nancy goes to New Jersey to try and figure out why the carousel 's been haunted , and why a horse was stolen . Play games at the amusement park , ride the carousel , play a harmonica , learn shorthand . And then more . As usual , at first I was sure the suspect was someone else . I was so sure that I started being mean to that person . Wrong me . You 'll have a good time and learn a lot.Hint - -LRB- ... -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My 10-year-old and I played this game after playing all of the previous Nancy Drew games . It has great graphics , an interesting plot , and challenging puzzles . The one drawback was that we finished it WAY too quickly , unlike the last two games . We 're looking forward to the next installment and hope that it lasts longer than this one ! That said , we would both recommend this game , with the caveat that you should play it in Senior Detective mode to make it last longer .
 What a game ... I originally bought this for my kids-but I just happened to get a peek while strolling by when they were playing it on the comuter - later that night I played it and I was completely hooked , it kept me up waaaay past my bedtime -LRB- regretted it the next day -RRB- - I did solve it-took me about a total of 8 hours of game play to do so . I suddenly found a love for carousel horses all over again myself-very interesting facts and tid bits in the game about them . I totally recommend you try this and also for your kids .
 The past seven Nancy Drew games have almost all been home-runs with characterization , story , and gaming experience . I 've especially enjoyed games 3 - 7 out of all of the ones that were released before this one . Does `` The Haunted Carousel '' live up to its predecessors ? Some would say no , but I would say yes.Nancy 's father is a friend of Paula Santos , the owner of Captain 's Cove Amusement Park in New Jersey . When a horse is stolen off of the park 's carousel , she discovers that it starts up in the dead of night all by itself , as though haunted . The crafter of the carousel said that if any of his horses were separated , bad luck would follow . This seems to have a bit of truth to it , as shortly after the theft , a rollercoaster stops in mid-ride for no reason , and a rider is preparing to sue the park on the statement that his neck was injured . The park is now shut down until somebody gets to the bottom of these strange events . It 's now up to our heroine - Nancy Drew - to figure out just what 's going on at Captain 's Cove Amusement Park ... This game features a plot that is n't quite as intricate and complicated as the last one , but it 's still solid . I rather liked the idea that `` if the horses are separated , bad luck will follow '' . It is a rather creepy premise , and the story is a bit deeper than it 's commonly given credit for in the sense of following the life of Rolfe Kessler -LRB- the man who carved the carousel horses -RRB- . Also - do n't let the premise or the title fool you - the game in and of itself is n't really scary at all . It 's actually a rather calm and upbeat title as a whole . As for my own personal feelings about this , I do n't really feel one way or another . I typically enjoy the darker games , but this is actually one of the best of the more `` upbeat '' games.The graphics in this game are wonderful . I loved how everything was designed , from the basic design of Nancy 's hotel room to the beautiful design of the carousel . The haunted house is very creepy , despite the lack of extensive exploration done within it , and is really the only spot in the entire game where anything `` scary '' happens.The gaming quality is different when compared to most of the recent games . Some may dislike this , but I thought it was a good thing , as playing the same game over and over again * would * get rather repetitive . Unfortunately , there is a lack of exploration in the game -LRB- the only areas that can be seen are a few offices , the carousel , the rollercoaster , the haunted house , an arcade , and Nancy 's hotel room - only about 1 or 2 rooms in each -RRB- . I would 've liked to explore the park a little more , but these little bits are very interactive and also fun to explore . I liked that all of the offices remained empty at some time , giving Nancy ample time to snoop through all of the suspects ' belongings and learn more about the other characters.The characters all fit into the game rather nicely , and all gain some pretty decent development -LRB- except for maybe one , but that 's arguable -RRB- . This game returns to the four-suspect formula , and also gives Nancy a cell phone to talk to her phone friends -LRB- we can make calls from just about anywhere now - YAY ! -RRB- . This game features several one-time phone friends , such as Paula Santos , a police detective , and several others . I rather enjoyed the new phone friends , and would love to see some of them make another appearance.The suspects in this game were all suspicious in their own ways , and all of them seemed to have their moments as the `` prime suspect '' . Harlan Bishop is the park 's security guard , and the first suspect met . He 's obsessed with doing his job and doing it well . Joy Trent is the second suspect met , and she 's the park 's bookkeeper with very low self-esteem . Ingrid Corey is the extremely superstitious chief engineer of the park , and works on designing and managing all of the rollercoasters . Elliot Chen is the park 's chief art director , with lots of talent and a love of procrastination . I liked all of the suspects in their own way , though a certain one did get on my nerves at times -LRB- wo n't say which one , as it 'd tip my hand about who I 'm referring to in the last paragraph -RRB- . While all of the suspects seemed to have their moments as the most suspicious character , only one of them really held onto the strongest aura of suspicion throughout the whole game . This character in turn was the culprit in the end , which leaves little room for surprise , but it was definitely a move that made sense . Games 1 , 2 , 5 , and 7 all left room for which suspect had the strongest motive and all would be likely candidates for the culprit . Games 3 , 4 , and 6 definitely made the perfect choices when it came to the culprit , as none of the other characters seemed to have motives as strong as these particular characters . `` The Haunted Carousel '' is definitely one of the games that will go down with the latter group.The puzzles in this game all fit . None of them felt out of place , and none of them were super difficult . There was one timed `` guessing '' puzzle which might be a little hard at first , but there were only six possible combinations for the puzzle so it 's easy to figure out quickly if the combinations already used are noted down.The music in the game is great , as it always has been . The musical score ranged from feel-good background park music , to catchy carousel tunes , to some slightly spooky -LRB- yet fun -RRB- tracks that could be heard in the haunted house . The tracks all felt in place , and definitely held onto the `` amusement park fun '' feel without completely abandoning the mystery aura that all Nancy Drew soundtracks need to contain.While some may disagree , I found `` The Haunted Carousel '' to be a rather enjoyable game . My sole complaint is that it 's a tad short , and I would 've slightly preferred another character as the culprit . However , the short length does do the game some justice , as it causes it to fit nicely between `` Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake '' and `` Danger on Deception Island '' , which both get rather long and complex . Despite a few setbacks , this `` The Haunted Carousel '' is well-worth jumping on and riding ! : -RRB-
 I love a good mystery . The Nancy Drew Games supplies all of that . It is challenging and at times , mind boggoling . The many clues and games in this particular series , keeps one on its toes and always guessing . I highly recommend this game , to all Nancy Drew buffs out there . There is never a dull moment . Please keep the Nancy Drew games coming . Already looking forward to the next one . Hope it will be released before the Holidays . These games are the best past times for those dreary winter months . Thanks and keep on making them .
 Maybe it 's because this was one of my earlier nancy drew games , but i disagree when people say this game is too short . there 's a lot of action and everything that you have to do takes a decent amount of time . every thing about this game was fun - except one arcade game . eventually we got it but it was hard ! i 'm going to rate the features on a scale of 1-10 , 1 the worst and 10 the best.GRAPHICS
 This Nancy Drew Game , the Haunted Carousel was very exciting and I could n't wait for it to come out . Three hours of game time , and I was done . I had solved the case , but not in the 25 + game time garunteed . I would have given it five stars , but it being so short I took off one star . I thought the characters were fun and some parts were really challenging such as using the lathe . My favorite characters were Joy and Miles , the riddles were great . I did n't really like how the cell phone would ring and naturally pop up , because sometimes it was in the middle of when I was planning to do something important . Overall though , it was a very fun game !!! I can not wait until Danger on Deception Island . It sounds great and is coming as soon as October of this year !
 If there 's ever a game one can learn while playing , it 's the Haunted Carousel . As a kid you ride the merry go round spying the nicest looking horse you hope to get when finally on the platform . This game offers so much information about the origin of the horses being built , seeing interior room where the internal workings of the mechanisms are that makes the carousel such an attraction . Learning about the music rolls and playing a game while riding it too is fun . Kids love amusement park entertainment and one ca n't go wrong with this action packed game . If you 're an adult , you reminisce on those enjoyable memories while gaining clues and solving the crime .
 This Nancy Drew game was fun , but not fun enough . It only took a few hours to finish . There was not much to explore , and the games were n't exactly genius . But i still had a good time playing it . Just do n't forget to turn off the iron !!! : -RRB-
 The Haunted Carousel is the eighth in the excellent series of Nancy Drew games . The plot revolves around a stolen antique carousel horse , an old jewel heist and a broken roller coaster ride . As a park employee , you can get access to the crime scenes , play fun games , interrogate your fellow workers and take part in exploring and running the theme park.I really had fun with this game . Even though it was shorter than most games -- either that or I breeze through these games faster than most -- I found that the game was enjoyable and interesting . I wish that there could have been more spooks , and we never got to see the carousel in action , just on tape . But all in all this is a fun , enjoyable game . The puzzles were clever and the plot is original . I recommend it to all Nancy Drew lovers and gamers of any age .
 In The Haunted Carousel , Nancy is visiting a theme park to solve the mystery of why the rides are acting very strange . The roller coaster suddenly stopped , and in the middle of the night , the carousel starts turning by itself . Nancy Drew comes to Captain 's Cove amusement park when it is shut down . However , people are still working there , and Nancy is quick to meet these people and figure out their motives for possible sabotage.This game was the first Nancy Drew computer game I played -LRB- I have now played seven , and I will be starting a new one as soon as possible . -RRB- This is probably one of the more scary ones out of the ones I have played . The Haunted House is even scarier than the person in the salt water taffy shop inNancy Drew
 The past and future blur together when Nancy Drew investigates the strange events surrounding the Captain 's Cove Amusement Park . A freak roller coaster accident and a carousel with a mind of its own draw Nancy deep into a dangerous circle of falsehood and fear . Everyone you meet puts a different spin on the story . Will this merry-go-round ride bring joy ... or tears ? You must explore every inch of the Captain 's Cove Amusement Park to investigate a series of frightening accidents . Keep your eyes peeled and remember what you see . You never know what information or tool might come in handy in your quest for the truth . Examine the inner workings of the antique carousel as you search for who , or what , is behind its mysterious midnight rides . The roller coaster is closed for repairs after a malfunction sends a visitor to the hospital . Was it a freak accident , or part of a plan ? Joy is seeking the keys to her past ; Elliot just needs to stop procrastinating . That 's what they say , but what are n't they telling you ? P.S. . If you need additional help with this game , please post a review entitled `` Dear Nancy , '' I will try to respond as soon as possible but please be patient and check every day , I will answer . Hope to hear from you soon ! : -RRB-
 Is this game awesome ? I have n't played the game yet , but I 'm getting it soon , along with the one about the killerwhales -- for my birthday . So can anyone say what is so good about these games ? It would be fun to know , because none of the other reviews really , really say too much ... I mean they all say stuff , but mostly what they thought about the game , not what happens and stuff . So yeah .
 Thi sgame is GREAT ! its my favorite of every one i own ! so far the only stotr i had trouble on was fixing the carosell thing . . but im past it ! i recomend this for all Nancy drew likers . . or even a fist time nancy drewe `` er ''
 A game in the theme park was a fun game . I like the interactive park of riding on the carosel and playing the games on midway ... The game was more creative with the characters and the characters were more deceptive . The story developed with all kinds of deceptions until the end which of course is a surprise ... Cool graphics and sounds ... . Another sucess for Nancy Drew ...
 I really liked this game . I liked the part that it took place in the theme park and you could play the midway games . Also ride on the carosel . Some of the clues were pretty clever . The plot was deceptive but I played it through and had fun . I liked ordering food and playing the computor game on Nancy 's laptop ... It was fun to play ...
 good price with great shipping . my kids play the hell out of it and still have n't been all the way through it yet !
 Great product it will be the only product i will us from now on .
 This product is a great tool for tracking warranty issues ! The customer service you will receive from John Radi and the Service Software team is the best .
 I consider Suitcase to be an essential tool for a graphic designer . Especially one with numerous fonts -- such as myself . It 's great and I ca n't live without it . I give it 5 stars , for its excellence in use , even though there are a few things I 'd like to see diferent . Suitcase automatically opens up closed fonts in Quark XPress -LRB- they 're owned by the same company -RRB- and my only complaint is I 'd like to see that feature work with Illustrator and other programs .
 The package arrived on time and was in good shape . Everything I expected was included in the DVD . I am very happy with the purchase .
 I purchased a copy some time back and use it all the time . It saves me hours tracking down the images and graphics that I need to use.After reading the other reviews I would suggest people visit the Extensis site for all the information they need . You could try a demo version!Cheers
 After learning about it at a previous employer -LRB- who swore by it -RRB- , I sought it out for my own computer eight years ago , and have come to rely on it so much that I ca n't even imagine life without my suitcase . I need to manage thousands of fonts in my current work , and this is the only system that allows me to set up classifications the way I prefer , and then works flawlessly to activate only the fonts that I need for a particular job .
 I found this program easy to use yet highly versatile . Once installed , I had made my own 8 minute compilation of video scenes within several hours . Although this program comes with a manual , I did n't feel that it was needed . The software is fairly intuitive and forgiving of editing errors . The feature that I am most appreciative of is the IEEE-1394 -LRB- `` Firewire '' -RRB- interface capability . I am using Windows 98 SE and a Sony DCR-PC110 Mini DV camcorder and the software instantly recognized my device and transferred video smoothly without any troubleshooting or loss of data . In addition , this software is compatible with some photo editing programs to give additional flexibility for transitions or title/credits -LRB- If you should want more than the literaly hundreds of pre-installed options -RRB- I highly recommend this program to any DV enthusiast who wants to get started immediately and without paying seven to nine times the cost of this software .
 I have been using Ulead VS 3.0 & 4.0 for several years . I purchased 5.0 right away and have not been disappointed . The new features such as filters , and more titling options are great . In the past I have used it with my Iomega MJPEG card . My firewire is on the way and I ca n't wait to see how it performs with Digital8 camcorder.This program is great if you do n't want to spend alot of money and want a low learning curve . Follwoing the tutorial and easy controls you will be making a movie with in the hour.Make sure you go to Ulead 's web site and download the patch for it . Especially if you want to make Video CDs . I would also suggest buying Uleads DVD Plug-In software if you want to make Video CDs from Video Studio . I love it . Its alot better than Neros VCD creation process .
 Contrary to the other review appearing on this page , Virtual PC is a wonderful product which DOES work quite well . Of course it does n't work too well on emulating games which require lots of processor power , but for everything else I 've tried , it works perfectly . If you need to run anything besides a 3D , graphically intensive game , then this is a very good solution .
 Excellent product , never crashes and delivers what it promises . Do n't expect to go on a speedy downhill rollercoaster with your new `` pc desktop '' , but if you only need it to run a few not so complex applications , VirtualPC is the way to go . After all , it 's windows on a mac ...
 I 've been using Connectix ' Virtual PC for quite some time now . In my experience it has been easy to install and it has been easy to use . The new version 4 adds some much needed flexibility that allows one to more easily run multiple operating systems as well as to tune each OS installation to more closely match one 's needs . I think the most compelling thing about Virtual PC is that it does a far better job of emulating a PC on a Mac than any application I 've ever seen for emulating a Mac on a PC . This may not sound like a big deal , but when one is travelling and/or consulting in a mixed-mode environment it is really a LOT easier to have only one laptop upon which one may easily switch from system to system without rebooting and without reconfiguring . For the cost of a Powerbook or an iBook and Virtual PC , one has essentially a fleet of PC 's with the ability to run and support Macintosh , DOS , Windows in all its many flavors , Linux , and yes , OS/2 . Note that this also allows a person to log in to any aspect of a mixed mode networking environment . Very handy and exceptionally cost effective !
 Do n't let the fancy title fool you . What you get with this training course is training in how to be a high end janitor for industrial corporations . Do n't laugh . These companies pay a lot of money for experienced help and you do need to know more than how to mop floors . I learned how to get certified and passed it on to my cousin who is thinking about getting certified himself and getting into a better job .
 I purchased a used version of the Adobe Creative Suite 2 , which is a very old suite in 2011 . But , before I made the purchase , I searched for training DVDs . I found many that addressed each individual softwre , but the Total Training Adobe Creative Suite 2 Design to Delivery was exactly what I needed . This training DVD teaches me about the features of the entire suite of software . I have not completed the training , but I have started using it , and I am learning quite rapidly following the tutorials . They are very thorough and I enjoy them .
 It sounds sappy , but this program literally changed my life . I was in the seventh grade and did n't really know what I wanted to do with my life . My mom bought this for me for my birthday -LRB- back when it was new -RRB- . I stayed up all night going through the tutorials and finally , tried to write my own simple program , but found I had no clue what to do . But I stuck with it , I went through the tutorials again , and paid more attention . It completely changed my life , I absolutely loved programming with LTPB -LRB- as it was affectionately called -RRB- , I made a ton of awesome games -LRB- I have them on a CD somewhere -RRB- , and now like 9 or 10 years later I 'm a video game programmer . I love what I do , and it 's entirely because my mom bought me this program and encouraged me to keep with it . If you -LRB- or your kids -RRB- have even the slightest interest in making video games I highly recommend this software . Also , expect to see math grades improve . You 'll be doing all sorts of math and enjoying it , something I never though was possible until this program .
 One day back in fifth grade I saw a Saturday morning cartoon where the hero had to hack into a computer to save his friends . Being a typical kid I was all hyped up about computers and programming that whole day , so when I saw this in a catalog I decided I had to have it , and did n't stop pestering my mother until she ordered it.Simply put , it was phenomenal . It taught me the basics of programming , and it made me really like computers . Next thing I knew I did n't just want to program simple games -- I wanted to do websites too ! So I moved on to designing websites in HTML when I was twelve , PHP the next year , and so forth , and now I 'm a prospective computer science major.The software 's easy enough to understand . It gave me a little trouble once when variables were introduced , but it was so engaging I kept at it until I figures out the concept . Looking back it was very ` retro ' , kids nowadays might feel it looks a little too '90s ' , but if they have any motivation to learn to program -LRB- and it 's not something the parents are sort of ` forcing ' them to do -RRB- they should really care . Five stars !
 When I was in 5th grade I got this at a book fair . I never became a professional programmer but throughout college I was making bank doing it on the side . I know its old , and there are probably newer flashier programs out there , but its still great . I recommend it for anyone who wants to learn .
 Finally , I can take music from my iPod and put it on my computer . With iTunes I had ended up with 2 seperate sets of music at work and at home with my iPod being a mix of both . Now I can easily add and remove things to my iPod without having to start up iTunes or even use iTunes at all . My only complaint is that I 've had a few failed transfers from time to time , but removing the offending files and trying to transfer again fixes this .
 Mirosoft Streets & Trips 2000 ! Is an elaborate , and originally expensive programthat contains even the most obscure of maps.Only the very latest street additions are not included , and You can download the newest versions and with theonline freeware converter DL , add them as well!The database of maps is completely useful and clearlyreprooduced . And the ZOOM fumction will let you find eventhe smallest of alleys and landmarks or restaurantsthat might not be found on newer maps.VERY detailed . And one of the important thngs to Hpc/Ppcusers , takes very little hardrive space , as opposed to the newermaps programs.NOTE
 Item was exactly as advertised . It is an older version , so it is missing some of the newer roads , but was good enough for what we needed - -LRB- eg , to run on a 10 year old , Pentium3-500mhz , Windows2000 machine ! -RRB-
 I have a Dell PDA so I was a little hesistant about buying a program that appeared to be geared for the Palm Pilot . I contact PlanetWave and they said is should work . So said I to myself , it 's only 10 buck . In the true fashion of a Schitzo , I replied go for it . It works fine and much better at giving me the chords that I want then the Snarling puppy that I had bought awhile back . This is good to go , chord dictionay , PDA , book reader . . hey life is good .
 I 've been using Ubuntu 7.04 on my 64bit PC since it came out and love it . My hardware worked immediately and the OS works beautifully.I recommend to anyone that they try Ubuntu out . Any time that I have spent learning the new system has been saved by not having to involve myself in security issues . The support -LRB- from other users in the Ubuntu forums -RRB- is better and faster than anything I 've seen from corporate software . It is typically a matter of minutes until someone replies to an inquiry -- simply amazing.There is no way I would go back to the Windows and Apple world .
 Ubuntu is by far the best Linux distro now a days . With this OS there 's really nor reason to be sticking with windows operating system.However if you have a cd burner on your pc do n't waste your money here download it for free -LRB- legally -RRB- and Ubuntu website and burn it to a CD it 's exactly the same thing and will cost you nothing .
 Ubuntu is nice , but there are some `` buts '' . Some systems , or parts of systems , are not immediately supported . A brand new computer sometimes will not run Ubuntu Linux.Ubuntu is a definite better option compared to upgrading to Vista!I think Linux Mint is superior , it is basically Ubuntu with a few `` extras '' which make the computer funcionally more complete right after the install . Ubuntu requires DSL or faster to get everything onto your computer.I enjoy using Ubuntu . I recommend it to everyone who is running XP.The preferred course would be just buying an iMac , but you may want to keep using your XP box or laptop for a while . Ubuntu will keep it going for years more .
 Unlike the previous reviewer , when I upgraded my version 3 Gold bundle last year to version 6 I only had to pay $ 199 . The upgrade fee also included Rennaissance Maxx , and today I 'm using version 7 without any additional expense on my part.I have plugins from other developers , but often come back to using Waves . For me they have been relatively easy to use , with good sound quality , and not too taxing on my computer -LRB- G5 Dual 2 GHz PPC -RRB- . Back when I purchased version 3 it came with many printed manuals . It really helps to read them in order to take advantage of the software 's capabilities . These days PDF versions are included . With approximately 25 included plugins its a good idea to become familiar with the Waves interface and operation , since this knowledge -LRB- e.g. , A/B , copy , paste , presets , fine adjustments , etc. -RRB- perhaps applies to every included plugin.The bundle includes a couple of reverbs , delays , compressors , equalizers , an analyzer , and more . I hate that it requires an iLok , and the initial price for Waves plugins can be expensive . Still , the upgrade is capped at $ 200 and it includes any additional plugins added to the bundle.If you have an iLok you can try the demo . I wo n't go through each plugin in this review , but the 1-star rating seemed a bit unfair so I decided to post my experience , which also includes receiving great customer support from Waves .
 Waves Gold Bundle is a great collection of audio plug-ins -- they 're pro studio quality . I especially like TrueVerb for realistic reverb . The Native plug-ins work smoothly with ProTools M-Powered on my MacBook Pro .
 My sister and I live in England so we had this sent by airmail . Although we were disappointed at how much this cost . We were impressed at how quickly it arrived and how well packaged it was . It was quick to install but hard to get up one of the preinstalled models , and also getting the makeup to load did n't seem to work at first . But when we got it working it was really good , it gave realistic results and looked like the model was really wearing the makeup we put on her -LRB- you can also use male models -RRB- . Although the makeup is good the hairstyles sometimes look a bit fake . We are a bit unsure though , because on the website it claims you can make a virtual 3d model of yourself , by typing in your measurments . Although we are sure this is possible , we still have n't worked out how to do this . It is great fun putting wild makup and wacky hairstyles on one of the preinstalled models , but we thought it would be much more enjoyable if we did it on one of our photographs ; as this is the main idea . It was simple to load the photo we wanted , but when we tried to put the makeup and accesories on they would n't load . We were amazed at how many hairstyles , makeup , colours , etc. there were . Overall we do think this is the best virtual makeover software around , as we do own others . If you are interested in fashion and makeup then this is for you . And we are pretty sure the few problems we are experiencing are temporary or because of our computer .
 Great service . Kept a check on item delivery . Very good protective wrapping . On time delivery . Thanks
 I have this in addition to other distros ; however , this is the 32 bit version and all I am using is the 64 bit version , cause I have an AMD 64 processor .
 The most useful component of this compilation is the NutriGenie Low Carb Diet software . If you are not Atkins dieter , search the web for NutriGenie . They have other diet software that you can upgrade to at a discount as I found out today .
 Do n't know why the other review is sooooo wrong ? Robodemo worked as it should and gave great flash items as it is described . Worked on my older PC running XP .
 This is a fantastic Myst clone that , on top of everything , is `` gladdened '' with a load of physical minutiae which , naturally , lends the game its name . Now I find all matter of educational things to be a compelling incentive to wanting to solve the puzzle . This does not move me to finish the game , however . This , perhaps , is the greatest shortcoming for an adventure game . There is no plot as you know it . Yes , you need to achieve a goal and save the world from a global cataclysm . We 've saved the world before , and it has been none too grateful getting into some sticky predicament time and time again . But WHO are you saving ? Is it the disembodied voice in the introductory video ? This is where the plot begins and ends . There are some marginal hints at a story involving a telescope lens thief , but these are clearly there to facilitate the puzzles . Yet , for a game that makes clear its ambition to create a giant puzzle , Physicus superbly succeeds to render the puzzles built on physical laws maximally enjoyable.The physics information , like in all the games of this series , is presented in a kind of a very pretty virtual textbook which offers extensive interpretation of the physical concepts in optics , mechanics , electricity , fluid dynamics and several others . The textbook , if you choose not to strain your eyes , is read aloud by a throaty Englishman with a little interaction . There are interesting animations and illustrations on most pages ; there are even some formulas which you would use in the game . Despite my enthusiasm , reading even one topic in a sitting is tiresome . On the other hand , if you follow the game 's suggestions to read the topic in key scenes , you will miss on much of the textbook 's info and that is annoying if you do like that sort of thing . In some cases the formulas come short in an attempt to make the game less mathematical . I had to intuit one puzzle because of the lack of one formula variable . Toward the end of the game there is perhaps too much simple-equation math regarding electricity generator transformers that needs to be muddled through to see the closing credits . Despite of how daunting it sounds here , all of this gruntwork was very enjoyable to me.The graphics are faultless , but nothing inspired after seeing Myst . The music is equally insipid
 This is an enjoyable game , & educational as well . For the price , it 's worth buying . The puzzles are n't difficult , but challenging enough to keep it interesting . The game reminded me of an easier version of Myst . You do n't need to have prior knowledge of physics - a handy reference guide is available as part of the gameplay . The only drawback was that the screen was small . Maybe that could have been fixed , but I did n't want to mess with the setup since some games can be finicky on XP .
 The story is kind of out of reality , but the puzzles are very good . I am bad in the subject so I had to get help from the game brain all the time . It 's really easy to go around , because it 's not a free moving game . And the screen resolution , even after you change it , it 's still very small , but I enjoyed . Something the whole family can play . No violence , no bad ideas behind the peaceful scenario . And a lot of information . It feels like a nice classroom with better view . Be patience and if you get tired , better stop and play another time .
 This game helped teach my kids elementary physicis in an entertaining way . I 've looked for other games like it for years , and its really the best thing out there .
 it is a pretty fun game with a few quirks here and there . Some of them include the anoying `` click button '' interface , and a few problems that are just a random guess to solve . Other than that , it has very good graphics and a very addictive storyline .
 Physicus is a Myst-like game with a vague plot , no dialog , lots of solitude , no dying , and a bunch of great puzzles . In short , it 's just what I like . I do n't know if it 's really a five-star - more like 4.5 - but it 's one of the best games I have played in recent memory . *** NavigationFirst-person , clumsy slideshow navigation , with lots of going forward several clicks until you can turn around . You can click pretty fast through it , though , so it 's not a real big hardship . **** GraphicsNice fantastical setting , although not what you 'd expect of a world that is n't revolving . *** SoundSome ambient sounds are missing , like jiggling door handles , but most of the sound is appropriate and not annoying . Music is not bad , but there is n't a lot of it , and I am not going to look for the soundtrack . There are n't many voices - just a narration at the beginning and the end , and the narration of the `` laptop '' study guide - but they were pleasingly British . ----- StoryNot really applicable . There is not much to it , which is great for me , but other gamers seem to like a more involved plot . ****** PuzzlesSensible , logical , not too hard , and all are solvable if you study your `` laptop '' and pay attention to the clues , which are not hard to find . Some light math is required -LRB- love it -RRB- . *** GameplayThis game is awfully linear , and I did get stuck wondering where to go next , so I found a no-spoiler walkthrough that only told you what order to do things . This saved a lot of running around . -LSB- Thanks , Lora -RSB- ***** PerformanceI had trouble at first , with the disk spinning up all the time . Everything on the web said that this was a two-disk game with a full-install option . Well ... mine came on one disk and had no such options . I ended up using Daemon Tools to mount an image to my hard drive and everything went well after that . The screen settings offered a full screen option , and all was well.This will be a good game for fans of Myst and Schizm . Syberia fans will not like it as much .
 The computer game version of The Number Devil closely follows the book , as kids progress through sections on prime numbers , the Fibonacci series , Pascal 's triangle , and an infinite series approaching one . Nine of the ten games worked well for us , but nobody in the family was ever able to complete the tenth , the arrow game . We understood the math , but could n't react quickly enough to shoot down all the arrows . This was disappointing , because we could never reach the bonus section . All in all , though , this is a good investment for a child , 8 or up , who loves or wants to understand the mystery of numbers .
 This is even better than the book and really helped my son , age 9 understand math relationships . With all the `` new '' math around , it 's a great tool to help kids understand why rather than method when it comes to getting it .
 This is a game based on the story of the same name . It is a well designed game for kids that are highly intelligent . The ideas introduced in the storyline make understanding even greater math concepts simple . But keep in mind , this is not a math blaster style game , this is for bright kids that have already gone past that
 If you are looking to impress upon your child learning math goes far beyond getting through school with good grades this is the CD that will do it . The content is rather short and requires a good grasp of basic math skills .
 This is a fantastic book.It is about a boy who is bad at math.He has this series of math-teaching dreams.In each one , the number devil is there to teach him and confuse him with numbers in `` vroom '' , -LRB- which are really factorials -RRB- irrational numbers and etcetera.I leared a whole lot of math from this book.this book is a masterpiece . I reccomend it for any kid over 8 .
 I must say I was so much happier with this course than the far more expensive Rosetta Stone Latin course that I purchased several years back - no Latin American cowboys ! What the heck was that all about anyway?This course meets my requirements to learn : a. classical Latin -LRB- not vulgar or church latin -RRB- b. the Latin alphabetc . rules of pronunciationd . 1st-5th declension , and moreThe course provides easy-to-understand instructions , and the interactive e-Flash Cards are very helpful . There are additional MP3 sound format files that I can take along with me to continue learning in my car . I also like that there 's no installation required - just insert the CD in the PC and follow the on-screen instructions . I definitely give this product 5 + stars .
 I have been teaching myself the Polish language , and have been using Rosetta Stone , Pimsleur along with some dictionaries and phrase guides.I saw this for such a low price that I figured I would try it out . It is very nice for beginners because it has an audio button so you can hear that word being spoken in polish . < very helpful > I installed it on my Windows 7 machine with no problems whatsoever.For beginners this is a very nice resource .
 This comes with a cd and computer disc . I like the computer disc better because it has a lot of interaction . The cd is good to have when you are in the car or just want to listen and repeat while you are doing something and not on the computer . There are a lot of lessons on it and I really like the fact they give the word , show the word , and pronounce the word . It gives complete sentences and is easy to follow . I am the type of person to understand and learn I need to see and hear which this does very well . You can go at your own pace , keep repeating as much as you like . The format is easy to get through . I like that it does give sentences that you will use , explination of nouns , pronouns , adjitives etc. . If you never have tried a second language and are just starting to learn , this will be good to start with . If you have some knowledge , it might be to easy for you . Or if you want a refresher - this would be good . I 'm glad I tried this before getting into to much of an advance program .
 I do n't have much use for anything in the suite except WordPerfect . I 've been using WordPerfect since before Windows , when it had a blue or a green screen , displayed mostly ASCII characters , there were no fonts except courier , and laser printers cost a small fortune . I work for a number of attorneys -- WordPerfect is the software of choice for wordprocessing in most offices I 've worked in because , in my opinion , it is the better product for the job . It may also be because WordPerfect has been around for so long that everyone just migrated without changing . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it!When WordPerfect came out , it took over the market . When MicroSoft came out with Word , I had the feeling they did everything they could to make it different from WordPerfect just to use their power in the industry to take over the wordprocessing market , just like MicroSoft did with every other good software idea to come along . -LRB- e.g. , Mozilla/Netscape , Norton Utilities . -RRB- I hate Microsoft 's stupid animated paperclip -- it makes me feel like a 7 year old . `` It looks like your writing a letter ... '' Go away ! It was amusing to watch it roll itself up and spit itself through some imaginary pinch rollers when you print a document . But only once . I want to tell MicroSoft to wrap that annoying the paperclip around their cable modems !! I 'm an adult!I have two versions of Word and WordPerfect 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 and 12 . -LRB- I just threw out 5.2 for Windows and 7 when I moved . -RRB- I use the MicroSoft product only when absolutely necessary -- usually because someone else needs the document in that format.The reason I like WordPerfect so much is that it types more like a typewriter . You can set up and use styles if you want , but you can also just hit the tab button to indent the first line of a paragraph . If you want to change the margins for the entire document , you simply change the margins . The rest of the document follows the change . You do n't have to change each paragraph.In addition , you can get to the formatting codes . Hit Alt-F3 and the screen splits in half and displays all of the format codes -- bold , underline , tabs , indent codes , line spacing , column on and off , etc. . Then you know exactly what you have done and fix and format it easily . This ability has proven useful on several occasions when clients , who insist on using Word for legal documents , can not cajole Word to put their unruly documents into the format they want . -LRB- This is particularly true when using OCR with scanned or faxed documents . -RRB- By opening the Word document in WordPerfect , I have been able to use `` Alt-F3 '' to identify the errant codes and quickly repair them . WordPerfect can then save the document in Word/RTF format with the problems fixed.Working with columns is also easier . You turn on columns and tell it how many colums you want , set the width of each , and the space between them , and away you go . You have four types of columns to work with -- newspaper , balanced newspaper , parallel and parallel with block protect . It handles columns much better . I 've tried the other software , and if you change text or printers , you can never get the columns to line up the way you want it . With Word , each colum change or page change seems to introduce new control codes , and a complete set of formatting , and you can never get it back the way you want it . I once tried to scan in a list of names and addresses which were in two or three columns into Word . Each name and address was placed in its own text box . I could never work with it.The most prominent change between WP 10 and 12 is the workspace manager which allows you to switch between legal mode , original -LRB- classic -RRB- WordPerfect 5.1 mode -LRB- with the blue screen -RRB- , legal mode , standard WordPerfect for Windows mode and Word mode . They have also included the ability to publish to Adobe PDF , HTML , and RTF/Word formats.This is full featured software , and does everything I need . It handles tables , tables of content , tables of authorities , column sorts -- everything I need in a law office . Graphics can be dropped in with a click of the mouse . I 'm considered to be almost an expert , and there is a lot I do n't know!Take time to get to know the software and you 'll be glad you purchased it .
 I like the way this program looks and functions better than Microsoft Word . Some times with Microsoft word they make indentations automatically because it 's trying to save you time and effort but that 's not what I want it to do and it 's annoying . Honestly , I do n't know what the more popular microsoft word offers that the Word Perfect 12 office does n't . Word Perfect 12 is 1/2 the price . Good value !! I actually own both of them but if I had to delete one of them it would be the microsoft word .
 This is a great educational game for kids learning about the westward expansion . You play as a group of people going west in a wagon train , along the way you will need to deal with problems such as getting across rivers and mountains , getting food , dealing with sickness and encounters with Native Americans . My daughter , age 8 , ca n't quite do everything by herself , but we play it together . It also came with a Liberty Kids CD that is fun as well and teaches about the American Revolution . With Social Studies getting put on the back burner in schools these days this is a great tool . As a teacher not only does it build the kids social studies knowledge it also builds vocabulary and background knowledge that will help them in school .
 very usfull tool for begginer graphic designer and people who dont know very much about design ... easy to use .
 Read between the lines . The visual is what you are learning here . The program assumes you have prior knowledge of `` C '' and `` C++ '' . Luckily I have lots of `` C '' and some `` C++ '' . The real thrust of this lesson is the Visual Studio environment which is not really intuitive or portable.However the actual training is an excellent combination of video and virtual display . It is presented in a cohesive and linear progression ; not like some courses that are disjointed sound bites . The program is divided into palatable sections.Although this version mentions Windows 95 and NT it will play just fine on XP.I think more important than the actual training is the exposure to the project building environment .
 Earlier versions of WordPerfect have suffered from file incompatibility with MS Office applications . WordPerfect Office 12 * finally * has great file compatibility features . In fact , just click an icon on a toolbar and you can save to the MS Office application of your choice.PROS * Solid file compatibility with MS Office -- finally ! * Paradox is an easy tool for learning about relational databases ; it is far easier to use than Access , though not as powerful * WordPerfect drawing tools are superior to MS Word drawing tools * WordPerfect is still better for laying out complex documents , including outlines and multiple columns * The ` reveal codes ' feature alone is nearly invaluable -- why did n't MS copy that somewhere along the way ? * It costs less * Can create PDFs -LRB- without buying Acrobat -RRB- from the WP print menusCONS * Corel , WordPerfect 's maker , is in financial trouble -- will bug fixes and upgrades be available ? * Excel is more powerful -LRB- ie. , Pivot tables -RRB- and has a better interface than Quattro Pro * PowerPoint is head-and-shoulders easier to use than PresentationsTHE SKINNYHey , WordPerfect , what took you so long to get the file compatibility !? Your market share is almost zip . Methinks it is too little , too late to resurrect this once great product . I was one of the last WordPerfect loyalists , and I switched to MS Office for good 4 years ago ! * If you are a WordPerfect loyalist , the file compatibility features alone make this a required purchase * If you do n't want to spend the money for MS Office , this is a good alternative * BUT , OpenOffice.org is a * free * alternative to MS Office with good file compatibility . The interface is n't as nice as WordPerfect 's -- but * free * goes a long way
 Installation states needed further software to utilize properly . My lack of experience probably is the problem . Delighted I got the software and will order more in the near future . Thank you for giving me the installation code numbers which were lacking in the original shipment.Dolores mc kenna
 I had a WordPerfect 12 Standard Suite lying around and finally installed it into WinXP Pro SP3 . I also downloaded and applied 2 Corel WP12 patches , SP2 at 46 MB 's and SP3 at 62 MB 's . Whenever you install ANY software , you must obtain the latest patches . Even Microsoft Office 2003 Professional which I also installed had a SP1 patch included on the second disc . MS Office 2003 also required downloading a 120 MB SP3 patch , 16 additional patches totaling 46 MB 's , and a large 130 MB patch called SP4 for Outlook 2003 with Business Contact Manager . I am mentioning this because there are many people here complaining about bugs . If you have not applied the patches to ANY software , expect to have problems when you use it.WordPerfect 7 was so well written , I also obtained the patches for it , that I used it for years in Win98SE without upgrading . I was expecting to have better results with WP12 . Unfortunately , I have only been using WP12 for a few days and already notice 3 bugs :1 -RRB- Sometimes when I close a document but remain in WP12 , the FILE > recent documents are grayed out . I can work around this by using the OPEN DOCUMENT command -LRB- CTRL-O -RRB- .2 -RRB- In the main document view , using Arial font , the lower part of the g 's and y 's are cut off from view . However , if I zoom in , I can see them . Printing is not affected .3 -RRB- On the bottom left of the screen you see the different loaded document tabs on the Application Bar . -LRB- CTRL-F6 -RRB- and -LRB- CTRL-SHIFT-F6 -RRB- movement through the different loaded documents is not orderly . It seems chaotic.I have not had any crashes as others have . They probably need to apply the patches . I am hoping these 3 bugs are the worst of it and I wo n't find anymore . WP7 does not have these problems so Corel must have introduced them later . WP7 is dated 1996 with its final patch dated 1998 . WP12 is dated 2004 with SP3 dated 2006 . Because WP12 is 5 years old , I do n't expect anymore updates.While these 3 bugs are an irritation , they wo n't prevent me from using WP12 . I am currently writing this review in WP12 . I am very familiar with WP so I am at ease writing in it . Commands come quickly to me as little has changed . I like how I can customize the interface . Because I have n't been using WP12 long , I have not yet changed the toolbars and buttons to mirror my WP7 installation . I like to think I have an efficient layout and I think people would be surprised to see how much the WP GUI can be customized.I purchased WP12 in 2006 at an auction at the big `` E '' for twelve USA -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- , with original CD 's , manual , and retail box . Included on disc 2 were 685 fonts , 10,000 clipart files , 180 photos , 190 graphics , 90 watermarks , and 480 sound files . For what I obtained , it was a great deal . While I am disappointed , surprised actually , about the 3 bugs , I will not upgrade to the latest WP X4 version . I will keep WP12 and enjoy it.Although I have opened Quattro Pro and Presentations , I will never use them . As I mentioned before , I do have MS Office 2003 . Essentially , I am using the best programs available
 Word Perfect `` thinks '' like I do ! I find the program easy to use and appreciate the capacity to convert documents created on Word to Word Perfect with very little reformatting necessary . I particularly like the ability to see all of the keystroke entries -LRB- Alt + F3 -RRB- to discover my mistakes . I had this version on a computer that had to be wiped and re-loaded and made sure it was one of the programs that was re-installed .
 Having now had WordPerfect 12 installed for some time , I can say that Corel has done well in their target area of improving compatibility with MS Office . There really is n't much else new about this version , but improving WP 's ability to co-exist with MS Office may be what is needed to keep this once-great suite going.Why consider WP12 if you 're looking for an alternative to MS Office ? Put simply , StarOffice/OpenOffice just is n't ready yet . Every part of the WordPerfect suite is more polished , more powerful and more flexible than the equivalent component in SO/OOo . Of course WP12 has Reveal Codes , which neither SO/OOo nor MS Office has , but even in features that they have in common , like Publish-to-PDF , WP 's version is more professional than the SO/OOo equivalent.QuattroPro sometimes gets a bad rap , but it is a very powerful spreadsheet , with its own Pivot Tables -LRB- the equivalent of Excel 's CrossTabs -RRB- , and it offers 1 million rows and 18,000 columns , far more than ANY of its competitors.Paradox is the sort of database app that makes its MS Office `` equivalent '' look like a child 's toy , if you are prepared for the steeper learning curve.Of course the heart of the suite is the incomparable WordPerfect itself , and version 12 is not an embarrassment to its predecessors . Even though the only major improvements have been to compatibility with MS Office -LRB- significantly better in WP , QP and Presentations -RRB- , there have been some other useful bug fixes and refinements.The really exciting thing about this release is the evidence that Corel -LRB- now owned by Vector , and in a much healthier financial situation than it has been for years -RRB- has renewed its commitment to the suite , and is being realistic about what is needed to protect WP 's niche in the market . Planning for version 13 is apparently already under way , as is a trial of a version for Linux , so WordPerfect is definitely here to stay for the foreseeable future.Having used both OpenOffice and StarOffice for over a year now , I can honestly say that , if you are looking for an enterprise-quality , professional business suite alternative to MS Office , WP12 is a much better choice . The quality difference is especially noticeable in the respective spreadsheet applications , with QuattroPro being several orders of magnitude more powerful and useful than Calc.In summary , if , for any reason , you want an alternative to MS Office , WP12 is it . Sure , it 's not free , but the competitive pricing structure for upgrades make it a very economical choice , and the quality of the product is such that the cost is money VERY well spent . WORDPERFECT LIVES !
 I do n't have much use for anything in the suite except WordPerfect . I 've been using WordPerfect since before Windows , when , if you were lucky enough to afford a 4 color screen , the word processor could display a blue or a green background , displayed ASCII characters , there were no fonts except Courier , and laser printers cost a small fortune . I work for a number of attorneys -- WordPerfect is the software of choice for wordprocessing in most offices I 've worked in because , in my opinion , it is the better product for the job . It has many features specifically designed for law office use incuding the pleading macro , a toolbar for legal work , and tables of authorities and table of contents designed for legal documents . It may also be because WordPerfect has been around for so long that everyone just migrated without changing . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it!When WordPerfect came out , it took over the market . When MicroSoft came out with Word , I had the feeling they did everything they could to make it different from WordPerfect just to use its power in the industry to take over the wordprocessing market , just like MicroSoft did with every other good software idea to come along . -LRB- e.g. , Mozilla/Netscape , Norton Utilities . -RRB- I hate Microsoft 's stupid animated paperclip -- it makes me feel like a 7 year old . `` It looks like your writing a letter ... '' Go away ! It was amusing to watch it roll itself up and spit itself through some imaginary pinch rollers when you print a document , but only once . By the fourth time that stupid paperclip reared its animated eyeballs and interfered with my workflow , I wanted to tell MicroSoft to wrap that annoying the paperclip around their cable modems !! I 'm an adult!I have two versions of Word and WordPerfect 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 and 12 . -LRB- I just threw out 5.2 for Windows and 7 when I moved . -RRB- I use the MicroSoft product only when absolutely necessary -- usually because someone else needs the document in that format.In my experience , Word does one thing better than WordPerfect -- and it is a biggie -- it works with HTML documents better than the Corel WordPerfect . With Word , you can copy an entire page from the Web and paste it directly into Word and it will pull most of the pictures from the Web . WordPerfect does not go and get the pictures . HEAR THAT COREL !?! However , I do n't often copy entire web pages into my documents.The reason I like WordPerfect so much is that it types more like a typewriter . You can set up and use styles if you want , but you can also just hit the tab button to indent the first line of a paragraph . If you want to change the margins for the entire document , you simply change the margins . The rest of the document follows the change . You do n't have to change each paragraph.In addition , you can get to the formatting codes . Hit Alt-F3 and the screen splits in half and displays all of the formatting codes -- bold , underline , tabs , indent codes , line spacing , column on and off , etc. . Then you know exactly what you have done and fix and format it easily . This ability has proven useful on several occasions when clients , who insist on using Word for legal documents , can not cajole Word to put their unruly documents into the format they want . -LRB- This is particularly true when using OCR with scanned or faxed documents . -RRB- By opening the Word document in WordPerfect , I have been able to use `` Alt-F3 '' to identify the errant codes and quickly repair them . The ability to easily replace formatting codes becomes extremely powerful when combined with global search and replace commands . WordPerfect can then save the document in Word/RTF format with the problems fixed.Working with columns is also easier . You turn on columns and tell it how many colums you want , set the width of each , and the space between them , and away you go . You have four types of columns to work with -- newspaper , balanced newspaper , parallel and parallel with block protect . It handles columns much better . I 've tried the other software , and if you change text or printers , you can never get the columns to line up the way you want it . With Word , each colum change or page change seems to introduce new control codes , and a complete set of formatting , and you can never get it back the way you want it . I once tried to scan in a list of names and addresses which were in two or three columns into Word . Each name and address was placed in its own text box . I could never work with it.The most prominent change between WP 10 and 12 is the workspace manager which allows you to switch between legal mode , original -LRB- classic -RRB- WordPerfect 5.1 mode -LRB- with the blue screen -RRB- , legal mode , standard WordPerfect for Windows mode and Word mode . They have also included the ability to publish to Adobe PDF , HTML , and RTF/Word formats.This is full featured software , and does everything I need . It handles tables , tables of content , tables of authorities , column sorts -- everything I need in a law office . Graphics can be dropped in with a click of the mouse . I 'm considered to be almost an expert , and there is a lot I do n't know!Take time to get to know the software and you 'll be glad you purchased it .
 First off I do n't own a business or anything I am just a poor student that needed an office program for school . After using Word and MS Office I needed to upgrade -LRB- this gets expensive year after year -RRB- . So I decided to try Corel Office . It does pretty much everything Word , Excel , ect ... does . And you can publish to PDF which is a bonus . Its a great alternative to MS and is a good value for the money .
 So , the `` whole world '' used Microsoft Office . Why should you buy this if it is just the same thing ? First , I am pretty sure this is a bit cheaper than microsoft . Second , you can save any Corel file into office format to be compatible with the world . Third , Corel customer support is much more friendly . Finally , The corel software package is far superior . Specifically ... Wordperfect
 I bought this Word Perfect because I am tired of being a slave to Microsoft Products . We own a business and are forced to buy their operating system for our numerous computers . It adds up ... Microsoft Office is also very expensive though we have it installed on one system.After using Word Perfect 12 , I realize we no longer need MS Word . This works much better and is fully compatible with our old MS word files.We are elated that we took a chance on Word Perfect!A GREAT PROGRAM AT A SUPER PRICE !
 WordPerfect is more intuitively user-friendly than MS Word , and really grows on you as you realize this . Example # 1
 I 'm a die-hard WordPerfect user , so consider the source!That said , one important note not present in Amazon 's info
 WordPerfect 12 is better than Office in that it is far more user friendly , has more features and is faster and less likely to crash . You can also use WordPerfect on most operating systems , which you can not do with MS Office . People ask , why use Corel when you can just use Office ? The answer is that it is better in every single way than Office , and if you do n't believe it , try it yourself .
 I have used this program for years and love its WYSWYG approach . Now I use WP 11 . Word is also a very good program but fails to add the essectial Reveal Codes , which I can not do without . Why Word will not or can not add RC is beyond me . Obviousley it is not that easy or they would have done so by now .
 I like all the new features , especially being able to convert Word For Windows files and other formats .
 Have been looking for a product that is easy but powerful to work with multiple video files , do the edits , insert transition and effects , and implement near pinpoint timing of audio elements . This product does it all as represented and if I did n't stumble upon it at an incredibly low price , I would n't have investigated it at all . For those yearning for its limitations , the only suggestion would have been for the manufacturer to provide a video of putting together a sample edited video . Otherwise , one has to click on the icons to learn the parameters of offered features , but again the time involved to pursue it is small compared to the power and ease of the product .
 Clue-finders are great games for learning , however if you decide to buy other clue-finders games , this one includes a second cd , Mystery of the Missing Amulet , which is the same as the Clue-finders Reading adventures for 9-12 , I wasted some money not knowing , now I own 2 , would have been nice if they had the name in the title .
 Well , I have been waiting for this game for a while and I was finally able to get it ! The shipping was fast and so far it seems it works just fine . You do get 2 games which is nice since I did not have the other one . So far is good , when I finish it I will see if i write another review if there was something bad with it . Good purchase so far ! : D
 I guess I did n't read the fine print because when this arrived it contained 2 , not 1 game ! Bonus ! Totally inexpensive for the one game , very pleased that it was 2 . My kids love these games . They are fun and very educational . I have probably every Cluefinders CDrom . Love them all . It is so nice when your kid is begging for more computer time so he can play Cluefinders and is happily learning essential math and language art skills as well as geography all at the same time . Works on my Vista which is great because so many of the other educational games do n't even though they say they do .
 Even though I am now much older than the suggested of the games , I ordered them anyway because -LRB- 1 -RRB- due to their anachronistic nature , no one else will want them so they 're cheap and -LRB- 2 -RRB- I loved playing them as a child , but I never got to go through all of the different stories.I managed to go through almost all of them -- yes , that 's right . I was stumped by a kid 's game , but in my defense I think something is wrong with the CD . I could NOT for the life of me get it.But I LOVE THEM ALL . I 'M SO GLAD I GOT THEM .
 I love history all together and even though I 'm passed the recommended age for playing , I still play it anyway and love learning new things . I also have a younger sister who is mentally handicapped and does n't understand a lot of concepts in the game -LRB- like the Yuri Gagarin level -RRB- but the `` good guides '' in the game explain it to her in simple ways she understands so it makes the game fun for her to play too .
 Installed easily . It appears to be very compatible with Microsoft Word but it 's reveal codes feature is still invaluable , and unlike Word all its features work . The new templates browser is very valuable . QuattroPro is also excellent . I never use Presentations nor Power Point so I can not comment on these items . I hope WordPerfect stays around for a while to give some competition to the clunky , hard-to-use but ubiquitous Microsoft Word and Excel .
 I do n't have much use for anything in the suite except WordPerfect . I 've been using WordPerfect since before Windows , when it had a blue or a green screen , displayed mostly ASCII characters , there were no fonts except courier , and laser printers cost a small fortune . I work for a number of attorneys -- WordPerfect is the software of choice for wordprocessing in most offices I 've worked in because , in my opinion , it is the better product for the job . It may also be because WordPerfect has been around for so long that everyone just migrated without changing . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it!When WordPerfect came out , it took over the market . When MicroSoft came out with Word , I had the feeling they did everything they could to make it different from WordPerfect just to use their power in the industry to take over the wordprocessing market , just like MicroSoft did with every other good software idea to come along . -LRB- e.g. , Mozilla/Netscape , Norton Utilities . -RRB- I hate Microsoft 's stupid animated paperclip -- it makes me feel like a 7 year old . `` It looks like your writing a letter ... '' Go away ! It was amusing to watch it roll itself up and spit itself through some imaginary pinch rollers when you print a document . But only once . I want to tell MicroSoft to wrap that annoying the paperclip around their cable modems !! I 'm an adult!I have two versions of Word and WordPerfect 5 , 7 , 8 , 10 and 12 . -LRB- I just threw out 5.2 for Windows and 7 when I moved . -RRB- I use the MicroSoft product only when absolutely necessary -- usually because someone else needs the document in that format.In my experience , Word does one thing better than WordPerfect - it works better -LRB- although not perfectly -RRB- with WEB pages better . It would be nice if WordPerfect went to the Web and got the pictures and had the resulting document look like the web page being pasted in . HEAR THAT COREL !?! However , I do n't often copy entire web pages into my documents.The reason I like WordPerfect so much is that it types more like a typewriter . You can set up and use styles if you want , but you can also just hit the tab button to indent the first line of a paragraph . If you want to change the margins for the entire document , you simply change the margins . The rest of the document follows the change . You do n't have to change each paragraph.In addition , you can get to the formatting codes . Hit Alt-F3 and the screen splits in half and displays all of the format codes -- bold , underline , tabs , indent codes , line spacing , column on and off , etc. . Then you know exactly what you have done and fix and format it easily . This ability has proven useful on several occasions when clients , who insist on using Word for legal documents , can not cajole Word to put their unruly documents into the format they want . -LRB- This is particularly true when using OCR with scanned or faxed documents . -RRB- By opening the Word document in WordPerfect , I have been able to use `` Alt-F3 '' to identify the errant codes and quickly repair them . WordPerfect can then save the document in Word/RTF format with the problems fixed.Working with columns is also easier . You turn on columns and tell it how many colums you want , set the width of each , and the space between them , and away you go . You have four types of columns to work with -- newspaper , balanced newspaper , parallel and parallel with block protect . It handles columns much better . I 've tried the other software , and if you change text or printers , you can never get the columns to line up the way you want it . With Word , each colum change or page change seems to introduce new control codes , and a complete set of formatting , and you can never get it back the way you want it . I once tried to scan in a list of names and addresses which were in two or three columns into Word . Each name and address was placed in its own text box . I could never work with it.The most prominent change between WP 10 and 12 is the workspace manager which allows you to switch between legal mode , original -LRB- classic -RRB- WordPerfect 5.1 mode -LRB- with the blue screen -RRB- , legal mode , standard WordPerfect for Windows mode and Word mode . They have also included the ability to publish to Adobe PDF , HTML , and RTF/Word formats.This is full featured software , and does everything I need . It handles tables , tables of content , tables of authorities , column sorts -- everything I need in a law office . Graphics can be dropped in with a click of the mouse . I 'm considered to be almost an expert , and there is a lot I do n't know!Take time to get to know the software and you 'll be glad you purchased it.I recommend purchasing the stand alone student and teachers version as it contains all of the same programs at a lower cost .
 As a journal editor I use both Microsoft Word 2000 and WordPerfect 12 . WordPerfect stands heads and shoulder above Word . Easier to use , more stable , more flexible , and more features . I found WordPerfect 12 to be a worthwhile improvement over version 11 . Graphics are better and easier to use , in particular . It is a cinch to install and use .
 I 've been using Wordperfect since version 4.2 and this version does n't disappoint . I use this program all of the time to fix the problems I find in Microsoft Word . I use Quatro Pro instead of Excel and all of the other programs . I would recommend this program without hesitation .
 I 've used Corel WordPerfect products for years -- some upgrades are better than others . This one is a real prize ! I recently purchased WordPerfect Office 12 for my husband 's law office . There are many improvements and I use the WordPerfect Legal mode most of the time . In addition to this , I work for a transportation engineering firm and all three offices have upgraded to WordPerfect Office 12 . One of the main reasons is that we need to convert many files and reports to Adobe PDF format . This now can be accomplished quickly and easily within WordPerfect -LRB- although our company continues to use Adobe Acrobat -RRB- . Also , we need compatibility with Microsoft software . The conversion utility , which allows a WP file to be converted to Word -LRB- or many other wordprocessing formats -RRB- is nearly flawless . If you like Word better than WordPerfect , just switch the Workspace Manager to Microsoft Office . I really like the new upgrade .
 Corel has always produced a better product than Microsoft . There have been versions that have been better and worse . This version is one of the best . It is stable , it saves to PDF and XML . It is intuitive as the changes apply only to what you are working on and do n't apply to the style of the whole form .
 After struggling with MS Word at work by fiat , I love to go home and use my WordPerfect . It beats MS Word hands down , if for no other reason than `` reveal codes '' making editing simple , fast , and easy . As frustrating as it is to work with Word , it 's the exact opposite with WordPerfect . It 's too bad the monolith of Seattle crushes eveything good in its path , because Wordperfect is so superior to Word it 's downright laughable.Wordperfect 12 ? Get it , you will like it !
 I prefer WordPerfect to Word.Microsoft has an excellent spreadsheet , but I do n't think they ever quite equalled this word processing package . Maybe close and with different features , but I 'm staying with WordPerfect.I 'm happy with it .
 2000 Fonts includes every superb quality true type font that I need in my work . Everything you require , including the user manual , is presented on the disc , so you do n't need a lengthy printed book to stumble through and choose your particular fonts . Also , it 's multilingual -LRB- french , spanish , italian , german , portuguese , and english -RRB- . It 's perfect for the working stiff who values the look and presentation of the written word !
 I found this product to be very simple and easy to use . It 's nice to have the Font Manager that allows you to manage and install any particular font , rather than have to page through a clunky manual . Also , the KeyPad function makes it simple to enter non-keyboard characters easily ! All in all , a valuable purchase , considering there is no other specific font product out there .
 I could n't find a straightforward , high quality true-type font product anywhere . 2000 Fonts is exactly what I needed , and is very easy to use !
 I trecieved is in new condition and is working out great for me sofar
 So , I bought one of these around 2001 and bought another 3 years later , and I 'm now coming back to purchase my third . It has a solid , easy to hold rubber handle with a very well constructed external pocket - Large enough to hold all the CD Liners , game instructions , software keys as well as one 3 1/2 '' Hard drive for several years without showing any serious wear . Internally it has a mesh pocket for more frequently accessed documents associated with CDs/DVDs . I have n't had any breakage to any of my pages , and they have , what appears to be , a very well constructed surface for sliding in DVDs and CDs . Five years in , and with sometimes north of 15-20 insertions , I have n't experienced any damage to either the DVDs _ or _ to the backing layer . 208 DVDs is pretty much the exact size I 'm looking for - Basically it 's the perfect DVD case - there is nothing else I would ask for .
 I 've used Peachtree since the 80 's when my boss brought me one of the first Mac desktop computers and gave me his credit card to buy an accounting program . I 've used it on both Mac 's and PC 's and I 've found Peachtree to be easy to use and so flexible . Since so many people are using Quickbooks these days I decided to purchase the Pro series to see if it was a better produce ... that was a mistake . With Peachtree I was able to design my own report layout and I find it so much easier to use in all aspects . I could n't even get QB to give me a total for deposits and checks at the bottom of my check register ... and do n't get me started on the way QB payroll reports print out . Just know that you 'll have to purchase a lot more paper . Buy Peachtree ... in my view ... it 's a far superior product . It will make any accounting/bookkeeping tasks easier .
 This product is compatible with Vista , but beware ... If you have Norton installed , it is NOT compatible with the Norton firewall . I did all the `` fixes '' recommended and the only way it would work was if I turned off the firewall . I switched to McAfee and have not had any problems.As for the product itself ... I would highly recommend it .
 We have used this software for many of our clients including our own business and rate it very high for the price , user friendly , and reports generated .
 Peachtree has redeemed themselves with this version . I converted/upgraded from their 2002 version , and this was the easiest upgrade I 've done . Been using Peachtree since it was for DOS in 1996 !! The one glitch in converting 12 years of data was settled over the phone , and by a very competent techie , in less than 10 minutes . -LRB- alright , the hold time was over 30 minutes , but I was told to expect an hour , and techies are free of charge for the first 30 days -RRB- The software has icons for everything , or you can use the pull-down windows you may be used to seeing . Great reports , works well with Outlook for emailing invoices on the first try . We waited 2 years over the limit for a better package , since all reviews for earlier versions were negative . This version was worth waiting for .
 I have owned a classic OSCar for several years , and its quite honestly one of my favorites . The sound that it can produce have not been available by any other means until now.As anyone who owns vintage synths can tell you , every time you turn it on you run the risk of it being the last time it powers up . I had gotten to the point where I did not use my 20 year old OSCar as much as I wanted in an effort to `` save '' it for the future.Now this thing come along , and what a joy ! Playing them side by side you can in fact notice some small differences . In my opinion they are not worth worrying about , and there are a few patches that my OSCar can do that the impOSCar ca n't . The good news is that this thing can load all of the old patches dumped over MIDI , so it 's a happy wonderful thing.Bonus features above the first OSCar include more filter modes , a better waveform editor for user programmable waves , and some nice built in effects . Well worth the effort to buy !
 I have been using the demo and this is one powerful synth . It 's incredible . For now it will stay on my wish list , but one day it will be mine .
 Excellent accounting package . Easy to use . Easy to inport and export data in CSV format . Integrated Crystal Report makes report generation very flexible .
 While we did n't purchase this product from Amazon , we did purchase this product for our company 2 weeks ago . We had 2005 and were having issues after hiring an accounting assistant in finding our second license for the product . We decided to bite the bullet and try this version . It worked perfectly . The install on the Peach Tree server was painless , took less than 20 minutes . Each PC install -LRB- you get up to 5 seats with this version -RRB- went in under 15 minutes -LRB- we did 3 -RRB- with no issues . It flawlessly converted the 2005 version company data files to 2008 -LRB- it does each version in steps , so 2005 to 06 to 07 to 08 -RRB- . Our accounting department is very happy . While i agree with the other review that historically the technical support is bad with the company , we had no need to use it as the product installed and works perfectly . Our accounting department also loves the new graphical features of the 08 version compared to the 05 version , and the complete version of the software is perfect for our companies needs .
 I started using the free version of Chatchecker on the recommendation of a friend . I was really glad I did because I learned a lot about what my kids and their friends were doing online . We eventually advanced to the Family Plus edition which is $ 50/year because we found we actually needed to monitor more than the free version allowed and because we have more than one computer . I had a bit of trouble getting the program to work properly on my computer due to my particular firewall , but the support staff was very patient and was able to work `` hands on '' with my computer to get it up and running in a short time . Amazing service!I 'd recommend going with the free Lite version until you see how much monitoring is needed in your family . Then I 'd upgrade as needed .
 Chatchecker Lite is FREE online , but it does n't save the conversations for longer than 1 day . I thought ordering a `` paid '' subscription would get me use of all the features , but after installing I found out that I would still have to pay more $ to have all the features of Chatchecker Plus . Now to get the features I thought I was getting by buying this Family version , I still have to pay more $ . All I get for my money is the ability to see the conversations online for more than one day . As far as I can tell , that is the only difference between the free version and this one I paid $ 29 for .
 I purchased Cluefindes 3rd Grade Adventures about 6 weeks ago , and since have watched my child use it to completion . She has played it 4 times and will probably play it again in the future . In the meantime , she has moved onto the 4th grade game.Setting up the game is pretty easy , and the directions are clear . Starting up is a cinch as well . You have the options of taking the test drive which is a placement test . It is not as much fun as the actual game , but it is not too boring either and it gets the child started at a challenging level . The first time my child `` played '' it she started at the beginners level , and finished it in two days . The second time , I set it to level two and it took her a week to complete . The third time I had her do the test drive . This is where the real value came in.When she started the game on the lowest levels she was basically reviewing what she had learned the previous year , which is a good thing . But , when she played the game after the placement test , she was truly challenged to learn more . I never imagined in a million years that a child would follow me around begging to be taught long division . She could not cross a bridge in the game without being able to divide . So I taught her and she practiced and cemented the skill by playing the game.As a homeschooler leaning towards self directed learning , I found this game to be invaluable . It gives me the freedom to wait for a child to be ready to learn a skill while at the same time ensuring that such comes quickly through constant challenges . After all , the best time to teach a child a skill is when they want to learn it . This game provided that want for me.This game does not teach skills your child must know , but provides challenges . The way I use it is to wait for a challenge to be presented , and then teach that child whatever they need to succeed and overcome that challenge.The only problems I had with this software is that each time the child finished the game , they had to start again with a new member name , it would not let us back into the game as the same person . This did allow me to compare the membernames records to check for progress which was evident.If you purchase the 2 cdrom version of this game , with the personalized learning center , you will be able to print worksheets according to your childs strengths and weaknesses and to see where the child needs more practice . You will also be able to spot where your child may be gifted.The personalized learning center disc , however is not formulated to give a child a `` grade '' based on how well the child did in the program , but to show progress over time . Therefore , If you are a homeschooler and grades are important to you , you will want to `` test '' the child separately perhaps using the worksheets or making up your own exams .
 My 6 year-old son has enjoyed this program a great deal , though the more difficult levels are beyond his current skills . Cluefinders features fairly generous dialog , simple yet colorful graphics , and even a bit of music , critical elements in distinguishing it from a tedious math and language drill.Like most educational programs , the close involvement of an adult is very important at the outset . Once my son had learned his way around , he was very motivated to play on his own , and I think he 'll come back to the program periodically in the future as his skills grow .
 It 's great I 'm 14 going on 15 in a month but I do n't carebecause that does n't stop me from having fun . It 's the greatest game . I 've only played the 3rd and 4th grade one but they 're still and always be my favorite software . If you 've never played any of these games and you love computer games ; buy this then even if you 're older then me . Who cares ? Just remember HAVE FUN !!! You wo n't regret it !!!!!!!!!!!! P.S. Could you make one for 10th graders or do you already?Thank You
 you can never stop learning and school is not the only place you can learn . This is perfect for giving to your kids to play after school while you make dinner or something . Much better than sitting in front of the television or playing video games . This one is an EDUCATIONAL video game that teach skills in academic and core subjects in a fun , presentable , age appropriate manner . My sister had all the cluefinders , magic school bus and all the games like that and she 's now the top student in her grade and is in a gifted students program . These type of games can really bring out the best in children by providing recreation , education and even brain teasers that challenge them in a friendly manner . Highly recommended
 I would like to start this off by saying that I am referring to the original release of this game from quite a while ago . I am Currently 20 years old and a sophomore in college . However , until my middle school years , I was home schooled and my mother turned to games like this to supplement my learning . The Cluefinders were my first exposure to these when I was younger and although it has been quite a while since I was 7 and played these games , I can still remember the impact they had on my learning.First and foremost , the stories in these games are engaging and that is one of the first things that make children love coming back to the game . I remember wanting to play more and more just to keep the story going . Second , the way the learning is presented is fun , in that you need to figure out the puzzles in order to move forward . I remember getting stuck on this one part because I was n't dividing right . After that , I never had a problem dividing again.I remember these games finely and I am glad that they are still around . You ca n't go wrong getting this for your children .
 I love dis game its 1 of my favorite , i 1st played it on my cousin cmpter & i fell n love wit it instantly .
 I 'm a retired school teacher and I enjoy working with my grandchildren while they use the Clue Finder 's software . When an adult interacts , these programs require logic and planning , rather than just guessing . This `` Mathra '' program has inspired my 2 hesitant granddaughters to believe in their math ability . And they have all learned the importance of listening and following directions .
 Bought this for our granddaughter when she came to visit for two weeks , we could n't get her off my computer for days . Thank you for a good product
 My 2nd grader is advanced in math , but occasionally struggles with problem-solving . I bought this hoping to challenge him and it delivered ! It is a little old-school , but easy to use and involves problem-solving , not just straight math problems . He really enjoys it , so it does n't feel like work , yet he 's learning . Recommend !
 My 4year old loved this game right away and so far she has only completed level one . -LRB- kept her interested for hours -RRB- Lots of variety . Style of the game is similar to `` Freddi Fish and the stollen conch shell . ''
 The back story is always grounded in a real disastrous event in Katherine Diane Cadell 's life . Quicker than you can say , `` Oh , no ! '' her imagination creates a related adventure with the Star Flyers and her as Katie Cadet - leader of the pack . And the pack includes AJ who has special powers for each mission , Io , a fire breathing dog and Klanker , a very strong robot.The actions are basically arcade style - but a very clever and imaginative arcade . The settings are sure to please children - Planet Chocolopagus where you herd marshmallows through chocolate tunnels ; Planet Bowlarama where besides jumping and climbing , the player has to make use of the different powers of the team to get past hazards and Planet Ice Cube where planning and mapping skills are needed to navigate mazes . Activities are varied so the pace of the game keeps the interest high without it being tiring.Getting from one planet to another requires navigating the spaceship through the Popcorn Galaxy avoiding space food junk and finding caramel power ups . The levels are Tough , Tougher and Toughest , and is just another example of the care and sensitivity that the designers used in putting together this game . As in all of The Learning Company 's games there is self leveling and it is set to on but can be turned off . Self leveling keeps track of the players progress and adjusts it according to the performance , so that if you ace a game , the next one will be tougher.The current format in games now-a-days is to put the manual on the disk . Do yourself or you kids a favor and read it . The how 's and why 's and what is good stuff and what is stuff to be avoided and what is to point of it all - is not always obvious - so read the manual . The upper age range for this game is eight , but it is unusual and clever enough to please older kids besides being delicious .
 I found this game while looking for learning games for my children & bought it just to see if it would be a good fit for my family . Turns out to be a wonderful buy . I have 3 children that are able to use the computer 3 , 5 & 7 years and they all enjoy this game . My 7 & 5 year olds can play alone while my 3 year old needs help but still enjoys all the colors sounds and being able to collect space rocks -LRB- ??? -RRB- to buy goodies from thier little space store . Even though they 've completed the game over and over , they still enjoy playing . Great fun for all , we are purchasing the other game from this same line .
 The back story is always grounded in a real disastrous event in Katherine Diane Cadell 's life . Quicker than you can say , `` Oh , no ! '' her imagination creates a related adventure with the Star Flyers and her as Katie Cadet - leader of the pack . And the pack includes AJ who has special powers for each mission , Io , a fire breathing dog and Klanker , a very strong robot.The actions are basically arcade style - but a very clever and imaginative arcade . The settings are sure to please children - Planet Chocolopagus where you herd marshmallows through chocolate tunnels ; Planet Bowlarama where besides jumping and climbing , the player has to make use of the different powers of the team to get past hazards and Planet Ice Cube where planning and mapping skills are needed to navigate mazes . Activities are varied so the pace of the game keeps the interest high without it being tiring.Getting from one planet to another requires navigating the spaceship through the Popcorn Galaxy avoiding space food junk and finding caramel power ups . The levels are Tough , Tougher and Toughest , and is just another example of the care and sensitivity that the designers used in putting together this game . As in all of The Learning Company 's games there is self leveling and it is set to on but can be turned off . Self leveling keeps track of the players progress and adjusts it according to the performance , so that if you ace a game , the next one will be tougher.The current format in games now-a-days is to put the manual on the disk . Do yourself or you kids a favor and read it . The how 's and why 's and what is good stuff and what is stuff to be avoided and what is to point of it all - is not always obvious - so read the manual . The upper age range for this game is eight , but it is unusual and clever enough to please older kids besides being delicious .
 My four-year-old daughter likes this program but it is not one of her favorites . I 'm at a loss as to how I should criticize it because it seems to be missing a polished edge quality that is hard to explain . It 's as if it is trying to be cool but ... The activities are educational , the graphics are captivating , and usually `` space '' is an exciting backdrop for an adventure . I think , however , that it 's missing some punch which would allow me to give it five stars . It is certainly worth playing if your child needs many choices of computer games like my girl does .
 My 5 yo son LOVES this game . He can spend a few minutes to an hour keeping himself very entertained with this game .
 We got this game about two years ago and it 's still a favorite in our house ! My son started playing it when he was about 4 . He needed help for some things -LRB- especially the end -RRB- , but loved playing ! Now , at 6 , he still loves the game and can play the entire thing independently . My 4-year-old daughter loves to play now too!I love the educational value of the games . I would highly recommend this one !
 My daughter is almost 6 and still plays this one every month or so . she is in love with Katie Cadet , the heroine of the story . It is fun and simple enough to figure out but there are lots of challenges that can be repeated . To end the game you have to do a more typical arcade-style activity where you are climbing and jumping on a large grid -LRB- sorry , there must be a simple description for this -RRB- and she could n't do it at first , I had to do it for her , but now she can do it by herself.I wish there were more of these Star Flyers games ! I would buy them all .
 We have had this game for about a month . My grandson -LRB- age 5 -RRB- is here a couple days a week and plays it each time he stays . We have several computer games but I would have to say this is one of his favorites .
 My three -LRB- and a half -RRB- year old daughter became interested in this game after we received a promotional CD at our local science museum . She loves this game , and has made great progress playing a couple of times per week over the last few months . I think this game will hold her interest for several years , since there are three levels of difficulty.My only complaint is that in order to complete the game , the player must go through a section that involves a high level of physical control -LRB- the characters are running and jumping from object to object in traditional video game style -RRB- which younger players might not have . We just skip this part , but it would be nice after all her hard work using her brain -LRB- critical thinking skills definitely required -RRB- to have the reward at the end without my help . The recommended age is 5-8 , so perhaps at those ages this part of the game would be accessible .
 This is a wonderful software game for jr. adverturers ! My daughter -LRB- 6 years -RRB- could not wait to come home each evening to play . She enjoyed the many characters and discovering their `` special powers '' . After completing the game she instantly started playing it over again . Three cheers for the StarFlyers !
 I 'm 11 and my sister just got this game for easter she really liked this game until she got to planet `` bowlorama '' , she said that the game was way to hard for her and that she needed help so I said I would help and thought it would be a snap . But when I started playing I realized This game was not rated for the right age group witch was5-8 , and I really think that the next time they make another game to rate it differently.But other than that I do think she really enjoyed this game so she raited it a 4 .
 My 5 yo son LOVES this game . He can spend a few minutes to an hour keeping himself very entertained with this game .
 This was a Christmas gift for my nephew . He 's 6 yrs old and loves this game . The shipping was fast .
 We are a homeschooling family . I bought this game along with the fourth grade and fifth grade versions for my nine year old . She sailed through the other two , but found this one challenging . It is great for reinforcing math , introduces chemistry , addresses the pollution problem , history , spelling , vocabulary and reading comprehension . There is a level selection area in which you can choose how hard or easy the game is , but this is also handy for letting parents know where your child may need some help in or where they excel . It has a practice mode where the child can just do the activities without having to play the game . I found this great for reinforcing some of those areas my daughter needed more help in.Even though my daughter has finished all three games , she still plays these .
 This product provides an excellent source for preparation or reinforcement of what a 6th grader is expected to know . Players are put into a mystery situation where they have to solve clues in order to figure out the answers . Various aspects of the 6th grade curriculum are covered , and the computer adjusts for the skill level of the player , making the games increasingly more challenging . Areas covered include logical thinking , mathematics , science , geography , social science , and language arts . The games are fun , and since they get progressively harder as the student masters a skill , they do not get boring . At times the transition time from one activity to the next can be a bit long , and instructions are repetitive , but this seemed to bother adults more than children ; this should not deter the buyer , however , as the positive aspects of this game far outweigh the negatives . Graphics and sound are excellent , and help includes a map and a reference section . Levels can be set manually , or the program can be adjusted to automatically determine when to advance to the next level as a skill is mastered . On the whole this is an excellent product , and a great way to make learning fun . Highly Recommended . Reviewer is a teacher and a librarian .
 This game is fun and VERY educational ... I even forgot I waslearning while playing it ! The games are fun and have different levels , so if one level is too easy you may make isharder and more challenging . It explains the mini-gameand how to play . The charactors are click-able and they seem to talk and help you throughout the whole game.You meet cool alien type things , and in order to survive , you must figure out the answer to the mini-games . The backround music is pretty cool , but it may get annoyingyou can turn off the music , too ! before you begin the game , it shows a mini movie of what 's happening and it tells aboutyour mission.I love this game !
 Works on Win98se and WinXP . Havent tried on Vista.My son likes this game a lot so far . He says it 's `` addictive '' .
 Hi well to start this is a fun game I 'm not sure how to describe it but it 's a good lerning game and fun but the plot is less then original and it 's extreemely easy once you get the hang of it . And there 's not much left to say so got ta go hope this was helpful Brooke .
 This game is so cool!It has tons of fun games , and there are 3 miniture levels , including spelling , math , fractions , putting together words , geographyand others ! I had so much fun playing this !!! Throughout the whole game , a yellow laptop fallows you and the other cluefinders around . When you click on it , it acsesses many things , like how to change the level of difficulty on a game , and it has info about the fellow clue finders . I love this game , I play everyday !
 Hello , I 'm StoryMaker . I just finished ClueFinders 5th Grade
 I love this game ! It 's really cool how they find out the island is really a. . . Oops , ca n't give it away . I like the fish withen the fish and faces withen the face , but the difference is the fish is serious , but the face is a joker -LRB- WELL ... Look , I 'm not suppossed to do this , but it 's been so long since me and my brothers had company anyway . -RRB- Silly , is n't it ? I always do the sea first , then land . I like all the history you learn on land , but the activites you do take a long time . I do like the place where it rains fish , and the great cryptile thief was cool . The best part is when they get inside the island the tables turn , and you play Owen and Leslie instead of Joni and Santiago . I recomend this game for any 4th and 5th graders -LRB- After all , I was a 4th grader when I played it -RRB- . Sencerly , Russian Blue Witch .
 This was a really fun game ! There were a lot of funny parts , and most of the games were fun and easy . I was either in 4th or 3rd grade when i completed the whole entire thing , but the parts I really dreaded were the fish within the fishes and that other part . The Fish Within the Fishes was way tooooooo boring and on my computer every single CrypTile except one it wo n't accept . So I hope you found this helpful .
 We ordered this for my 4th grade son -LRB- he was done with the 4th grade adventures at Christmas -RRB- . The storyline keeps him very interested in this game and thus learns more .
 My third grader just received this . He loves it and has already spent several days solving the puzzles . What a great way to get him ready for 4th grade . This is the second year we have gottne Clue Finders to work on over the summer and both have been a real hit in our household .
 I have twins who just turned 9 ; I bought the first copy of this through their school about 8 months ago , and the boys were totally hooked . It 's entertaining as well as educational . Some of the stuff is repetitive ; but I think that helps them learn how to concentrate on completing tasks . I bought the second copy of this game when our CD drive cratered and destoyed the disk . BTW , these games are MUCH cheaper on Amazon and through office supply stores rather than through school !
 This was a great game . The tasks were repetitive like having to collect 12 cairoglyphys five times . The graphics and story lines were really good and I think this would be a great game for kids who already know how to read , so from grades 3-5 .
 My kids do not want to stop playing ... it 's challenging , motivating and fun to play .
 I have tried many office suites but I think the Works Suites 2004 is the best .
 I have never actually made a scrapbook before , but always wanted to do one to save some family memories in a more interesting way . So when I heard about this product for the Mac I decided to give it a try.I really like it . Although I am used to more sophisticated design software like Quark Xpress and Indesign , I found this software to be elegant in its simplicity . There are a few things I would like to see added to the product but on the whole it was easy to learn and use . I especially like the way you can export your finished pages as jpgs and import them into iPhoto , from there I created a book and had Apple send me the finished printed hardcover . All without leaving my home .
 Pros
 I was quite impressed with iRemember . It does more than I thought it would . What is really cool , is that you can take a picture and use it as a background by zooming and making it fade . It has quite a range for opaque and tramsparent manipulating . I have n't discovered all it can do yet but I am having fun with it . I highly recommend it .
 Iremember Digital scrapbooking 2.0 I had been using iRemember for several years . If you 're a paper scrapbooker and thought that in an afternoon you would become a computer scrapbooker , you will be disappointed and frustrated . If you have had previous experience with editing photos for designing pages on computer this program offers some functions that other programs do n't . I use this as one program in an arsenal of programs that allow me to edit photos and design pages sometimes for scrapbooking and sometimes for posters , presentations , or brochures . The function I use most is to label photographs either right on the digital photograph or on a page that the photograph is on.I often work with historical photographs that I am trying to preserve for posterity . I scan the original photo then label the digital copy using iRemember . I can add text to the page , right on the image or anywhere I want to record all the detail about the photo.But I have also made scrapbook items including photos set into clipart . Those are lots of fun.I have n't had to contact Intrigue , the company that developed iRemember , very often but when I have that had been very responsive.iRemember is a program worth considering.Frangelica
 I have n't had a lot of time to create a bunch of pages yet , but I have enjoyed what I 've done with this software so far . I was able to download some free scrapbook templates from the internet and import them and create some easy pages for our daughter 's scrapbook.I 've tried my hand at regular scrapbooking but it took forever to do a single page and all the papers , stamps , scissors , etc. took up so much room in the house that I simply did n't have . Now , all I need is my laptop , my bunny slippers and a cup of hot chocolate and I 'm ready to start working on all the scrapbook pages I want.There are a few features that are n't quite as easy as I 'd like . -LRB- I 'd LOVE to have a layers palette like Photoshop has . -RRB- Despite these few snags it 's really a pretty easy program to learn and fun to use .
 I love this program ! I do n't think I will ever do real paper scrapbooking again . Keep in mind , I 'm not the most creative person , so the templates were great for me . Within 3 hours , I had learned the program following the tutorial carefully , and created 3 of my own scrapbook pages . The templates were great for beginning . It works great with i-photo . It is easy to slide the photo onto the scrapbook page , center it and make it smaller or larger . I have been known to create 1 page , export it for printing , then drag pictures of a different child onto the same page for another scrapbook page . This only takes about 2 minutes to create the same scrapbook page with a different child 's pictures . As I said before , I am not an EXTREME creative person , so this made scrapbooking a cinch for me . I am familiar with photoshop elements and have used it for simple projects , but I find myself using this scrapbook program instead for those projects because I think it is easier to use .
 It does take some getting used to , but once you understand the process , it is very easy to use ! I use it for yearbook pages for my son 's grade school and it 's a 1000 % improvement over the old classic scrapbooking method . I have to take off one star for the clip art though , it could be better .
 I have been a Mac user for years and I also scrapbook by hand -LRB- the old fashioned way -RRB- . I have done some books at the online print sites , but the backgrounds and templates are limited . I have also used Photoshop.iRemember is a great product . I downloaded the 15 day trial version first and liked it . I was happy to learn that the full version was exponentially better ! It is a great blend of the features found in Photoshop and the ease of the online printers . I was able to jump right in and create beautiful pages . The possibilities are endless ! Also , if you do n't want to create your own backgrounds , there are several sites that sell digital paper packs pretty cheap and all of those are work easily with this software.If you are ready to jump into digital scrapbooking , this is a fantastic product at a great price . I would recommend it .
 I have used iRemember on my Macbook OS 5.5 to make books for children . Even though I am also a scrapbooker , iRemember is just the application for making books for children of any age . I gather photos of the child along with their art work and interview them , their parents , and grandparents to make a book about them . I print the pages on HP Presentation Paper 32 # and slip them into page protector for the little hands to turn . The book becomes a photo album as well as a book that they can read about themselves and their adventures . iRemember makes this process easy and fun . I have an 8 year old neighbor that can work the application along side me . How much fun that is ! Because the templates are vibrant and easy to modify , the end product is a forever superior quality keepsake . This software has endless possibilities for the creative explorer . I am giving it 5 stars for ease of use , compatibility , choices , and support .
 I purchased this software to help me create a photo memory book for my child 's class . It was pretty easy to learn and the end product was wonderful . I think it is well worth the price to create a very professional looking end product .
 I love iRemember ! This software has been the best for me ! Absolutely amazing for doing digital scrapbooking on my Mac !
 This software does a good job making scrapbook pages . I made an entire album to give as Christmas gifts . The best feature is that you can create each page as a . jpg file and upload it to Apple to make hardback albums . GREAT ! However , there are no templates for 11 x 8 1/2 pages -LRB- the page size that is needed for the hardback books -RRB- . I just used a larger or smaller template and adjusted which is easy to do . Also , while there are lots of backgrounds some are not as useful as others . Again , I found lots of free backgrounds on the web and also some others that could be purchased . Overall , I 'm very happy with the purchase and will be making lots more scrapbooks this way in the future .
 I did n't have time to learn html and did n't want to . Bought Webeditor which is an absolute joke . Then bought Webeasy 5.0 . No , it 's not perfect but it gets the job done for what I need and was VERY easy to figure out . Check out my website that I built with it at
 I love this product . It is a very powerful tool and is so much better than fumbling around with DreamWeaver . While I 'm not a mind reader , I feel that some of the bad reviews are from folks that thought it would be super EASY as in you snap you fingers and your website magically appears . You do have to read the manual and the instructions , but with taking a little time to learn you have a lot of functions at your disposal that are very easy to use . I have to admit that I have n't tried to access the HTML code yet , but my understanding is that you ca n't do this which I could see becoming frustrating . If they added that feature into the next version this product would be perfect . Nevertheless , I gave it 5 stars because as of yet there has n't been anything that I 've wanted to do that I could n't do yet .
 This is a simple and effective program for a first-timer -LRB- and I am definitely one of those -RRB- to use to create a website . Once you have your pages made , you can ` build ' your site and then use any text editor to edit the pages as needs be . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This is a good product to use to help your child -LRB- ren -RRB- with Physics its great assistance for my child . Parents you are encouraged to purchase software that may help your child -LRB- ren -RRB- in school . This is product is limited in animation , really plain but the information is there that the student will need to succeed in this ccourse .
 Runs on older Windows versions . Very good . My son loves it . Beware
 This software takes your kids on an adventure where they have to solve math problems of various types to gather information from the local people . It is well thought out and the kids love it because it does n't feel like drill work for Math skills . There are prompts if you get stuck and lots of encouragement . A must have for your 9-12 year olds !
 Perfect sounds in just 3 steps : - Your own music CDs and DVDs - quality sound for CD and DVD players - Convert and burn music in surround sound . - Instantly combine your music with videos and images.Plus 1:1 disc copies ** & CD album and track data -LRB- CDDB -RRB-
 The application is an excellent means of esatblishing your agenda for learning priorities for Windows . The 7 components cover all aspects of basic Office skills and even provides an answer component for known problem areas . Mavis Beacon is the leader and learning for MS Office is now fun .
 And had to have another one . They are three boys 3,4 , and 5 .
 My daugther loves it . The windows version is great . The mac version included is pitiful . Great game to have , maybe this company should re-do it with other popular characters .
 My 5-year old loves this game -- the first one she 's played . It has a lot of different drawing activities , which she likes , particularly the painting section . She 's also recently come to love playing the color mixing game , which has a chutes-and-ladders feel to it.My 2.5-year old son also likes to play it , although he still needs more practice using a mouse.Good for beginning computer users to get them use to using a mouse .
 THis program allows you to learn the language from many different angles . THe program allows you to work on grammmar , pronunciation , tone , and the begining of writing charaters . It helps you to make mental connections between concepts and words . I found the program extremely helpful in learning the basics of the language and continuing on to harder content .
 Wow , this is simply amazing program that works just like Microsoft Office at less than a 1/10 of the price . In the writer 's group I run on MSN , I often run into a new writers needing the basic tools to get started . When they see Office 's price they scream they can not afford the cost . They need a Word Process program like WORD - face it they need WORD !! So many steps in publishing need documents in WORD format , you need others to be able to open and read your documents . Only some people just do n't have that price for Office in their budget . I had been recommending to these budding writers buy WORKS . It has the full version of WORD , but lacks Powerpoint and Excel.Where here is a more thorough replacement for Microsoft Office , more features than WORKS and about 1/10 price of WORD , 1/4 the price of WORKS with more features and programs .1 -RRB- it 's MS Office Compatible . It not only opens MS Office files -LRB- . doc , . xls , . ppt -RRB- but also saves in that format2 -RRB- It includes a word processor -LRB- like Word -RRB- , spreadsheet -LRB- like Excel -RRB- , and presentation software -LRB- like Power Point -RRB- 3 -RRB- PLUS the license allows you to install it on as many of your own computers as you like ! Really!So this is a SUPER alternative for a person with oodles of computers -LRB- like me -RRB- , college students on a budget or that writer just starting out .
 We 've previously purchased the reader rabbit series along with the JumpStart series . We believe the Jumpstart series is definitely better than the Reader Rabbit products . We gave this one to my son -LRB- he 's gifted -RRB- who is in second grade and he installed it without our help , was running it while we slept on Christmas day . It was in his stocking so they 're allowed to open them without us . He is GLUED to the computer . Has n't asked to play the Nintendo all day and he keeps going back to it.Excellent product and excellent product series .
 I bought this game for my 3rd grader because I wanted her to have extra practice with her school work . This is just that , a game . Spectrum , Scholastic and Spectrum have some great work books if your looking for real practice . I also recommend the Take It To Your Seat centers .
 Our 8 yr old , who is working at the 3rd grade level in school , loves Jumpstart 3rd Grade Advanced.There are 4 CD 's in the set for your child to work on in sequence and each CD focuses on different subjects . There is also a feature for the parent to allow you to check on your child 's progress to see how they are doing.This software utilizes the knowledge most children would have by this grade level and expands upon it nicely . Our son is learning and having fun , while being challenged ! What more could you ask for out of an $ 18 computer game!My husband and I plan to get him the 4th grade set when he finishes and are considering getting the 2nd grade set for one of our daughters as well !
 I purchased this program for my seven year old daughter . She is only going into second grade but loves a good challange . In some areas -LRB- fractions/measurements -RRB- it is over her head , but she is learning a lot and I have to drag her away from the computer when she is playing this game . She is on level one now and I think it will entertain and educate her for at least another year as she moves to higher levels .
 All of my kids ranging in age from 7-11 love this program . The games and activities are well written and engaging . Only occasionally do my children run into problems that require my assistance . The only downfall with the 3rd grade program is that it makes all the other jumpstart titles look that much worse .
 This is the coolest cd-rom you will ever invest in your child 's education . And the best thing about it is your child does n't even realize that he is being schooled while he is playing the games because it is soooo much fun . My 7 year old son loves it .
 My kids love the games and do n't even realize they are learning / reviewing the fundamentals . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great buy for my second grader daughter . She is enjoying every bit of it . She is learning good through this one . It teaches speed , skills and ability to complete .
 I feel some input from someone who used this game in third grade would be appreciated . I am 19 years old , and both my sister and I really miss this game . I had so much fun playing it and it really captured my imagination . I am considering buying it again for its nostalgia . It did teach me a lot , but I really had fun playing this !
 If you 're open to a somewhat steep learning curve -LRB- depending on how much you know about synthesis and programming concepts -RRB- , Max may be the tool for you . I love the sounds I can make without feeling like I 'm stuck in a sequencer . It definately requires patience but it 's worth it . I am not sure if this is true , but it seems like there 's more community support for Max/Msp/Jitter than for Reaktor -LRB- even though it 's supossed to be easier to learn -RRB- . I hope to continue to grow and be able to create my own plugins for Live and Logic .
 This is an incredible piece of software for the price . It literally packs in features that you 'd normally pay four to five times the amount you 're getting this baby for . I 've been able to perserve my VHS library onto DVD , improving both video and audio quality in a remarkable fashion . The lengthy instruction manual you get only further attests to how much you 're getting for your money and it 's the bargain of the year . I used version 10 and liked it a lot . This one is even better .
 I have used Adobe video programs for years , e.g. Premiere and After Effects , and found them pretty bullet-proof , albeit expensive . I have used this product for a couple of months -LRB- to avoid Adobe 's frequent and expensive upgrades -RRB- , creating a few short animations . So far a few glitches -LRB- and workarounds -RRB- , but pretty good , especially for the price . I have spent almost all my time in the editing tab , especially the timeline view -LRB- the most detailed -RRB- , and found everythng I expected - 16 tracks that can handle video and/or audio clips -LRB- multiples of each on any track -RRB- , effects , titles , transitions , nice audio location -LRB- sync -RRB- , etc. . So I 'd recommend it to anyone looking for a bargain video editing application . Be sure to download the latest patch , and check out the user forum at the Magix website for more feedback . And BTW , reportedly V. 10 had/has problems , so get this V. 11 .
 I have used Magix Video editors since version 1 , and Movie Edit Pro 11 is the best yet . Finished product will produce your choice of either 4:3 ratio or 16:9 ratio video . You can burn directly to DVD with menu , or save out DVD compliant MPEG-2 files . Totally lossless DV-AVI capture . Produces seperate . WAV audio and . AVI from mini-DV cameras . This feature prevents skewing of the voice-to-image sync problems many editors have after 10 or more minutes of Continuous dumping video to hard disk . Provides the best Chroma Key abilities I have ever seen ! Chroma-key in blue , green , black , or white backgrounds . You can easily extract a single photo from the video in . BMP or . MPG format . All in all , this software will yield as good an end product as any Hollywood movie you can purchase on DVD today . Fantastic video when used with a 3-CCD camcorder , sharp , clean , flawless . Has tools to adjust color , brighness , contrast , gama-match , as well as audio tools . Want a professional transition ? It has the ability ! You can slide one take up against another , press-in until you get a small X where the two videos join , and you have the best scene transition money can buy .
 I do n't normally write reviews but after reading some of these bad reviewsI had to give my opinion . I tryed three different software programs and all 3 drove me nuts . My first mistake was buying just any old dvd 's blanks . Out of 50 disk maybe 2 or 3 worked the rest I recyled.I 'd spend 2 hrs encoding and than they would error out . Bought Taiyo Yudendvd-r which cost more but the difference is night and day . Another thingyou need to make movies is a very good working computer . Make sure itsin good working order . I have a dual core processor in mine and it gets pushed to limit . Before I start burning a movie I restart the computer and turn everything else off . I 've been using Pro 11 for about a yr now andonce you learn how to use it its fantastic . You can do anything with.There are a lot of tutorials to help you learn how to us it . Once youlearn it it works like a charm . You ca n't buy a better program at any price .
 Must admit I 'm kinda shocked too at the bad reviews of this product . I 've also been using this at home for about a year , and am quite versed in video editing and other software packages to do such -LRB- do extensive video editing at work -RRB- . The MEP 11 program is excellent for video/video-audio editing , and is the best bang for your buck out there . However , would n't recommend this for beginners in video editing -LRB- try Ulead products instead , they 're relatively easy to use though not nearly as feature rich -RRB- . It really is amazing what is included for the price in the MEP 11 BOXED version -LRB- do not recommend the e-version at all . There 's a lot missing in it -RRB- . Now the other caveat , at home I 'm using MEP with Windows XP on a 3Ghz Dell , 1 Gig RAM , and with plenty of hard drive storage space . Based on the poor reviews , I 'm guessing that MEP does n't work too well with other operating systems or slower computers . This is Magix ' bad , as they claim it can be used on other operating systems .
 I have used several MAGIX products over the years.Considering the $ $ spent , I have usually been very pleased.It seems MAGIX takes features from it 's more professional products and makes stripped down , simpler versions for the general consumer or hobbyist . -LRB- example
 I do n't know what people are complaining about here . I got my copy at a pretty low price -- about $ 30.00 which is a lot cheaper than the other editors out there . You ca n't expect top notch quality at a low price.However , once you learn to use this product it is actually pretty good -- except it does n't convert Quicktime and some AVI files right . However , if you use one of the other various formats such Realplayer and Windows Media Player formats it is an excellent product . There are a lot of good things this product does if a person takes the time to go through it and figure out what it does .
 I am a digital movie production student and I am used to using high end software such as Final Cut Pro and After effects . There is no way I can afford to purchase these programs as I am a full time student , much less a computer powerful enough to run them . I bought this software hoping I could use my 1.6 gig processor and do some kind of edit . Not only does it run fine , and offer a lot of effects , but it interfaces with my breakaway box that I have not previously been able to use , which allowed me to bring my old high 8 camera out of the closet . Render time can be slow , but I found that rendering out to a mpeg format is not too bad . I rendered over an hour of video to mpeg in a little over 2 hours . This software is a great piece of conversion software as well . It recognized almost all codecs . import/export mov , mpeg , wmv , avi , and more . It is not intuitive as others but more than makes up for the time it takes to learn it . One feature I really like , due to long render times is that there is a setting that automatically shuts down the computer after render . Start rendering and leave it , it takes care of itself .
 I have to also write a review reading these other bad ones . I videotape and edit for a profession . It is very hard to find a good program that gives you lots of editing tools AND great menuing features in one , especially for this price . I do agree with a previous review , you have to have a good working computer with either a dual processor , or a massive amount of memory on your hard drive , or of course it will crash and take forever to burn . The only downside I have found is the rending and burning time frame . Even with my massive dual processor it still takes a long time . That definately does not stop me from using this program . Support is also not great , but I have had better responses though e-mail ... otherwise lots of tutorials and very easy to figure out on your own . This program is also very compatible with other programs where you can drag and drop them into this program , such as picture touch-ups , you can even do some editing in Adobe and transfer it into Magix ... you can not do that with Adobe from what I have tried . Bottom Line , this is the easiest program to understand -LRB- user friendly -RRB- with lots of tools and menuing .
 this is exactly the type of alnguage program I was looking for . Easy and just enough of each language to get me started and to decide which language I wish to pursue further . Thanks . .
 Good program . Had trouble using it with Vista . Ran it in compatibility mode for Windows XP , now runs great . I recommend it .
 Pleasantly surprised with this product . Loved the DVD format on the PC . We homeschool and it 's a great way to teach a new language without having to create the course outline . Some games are not working though -LRB- missing files and need to re-start the program -RRB- ... just need to work with the ones that do work . Good value for what I paid for .
 I could not keep my grandchildren away from this learning cd . My 9 year old grandchild is great at typing now . The 7 year old is getting the hang of it . They love to learn from this system . I would highly recommend it to anyone with children or grandchildren . They will be learning this is school anyhow . Why not teach them now and they will feel better about it when the time comes in school . Then they can increase in speed .
 This is actually a pretty good program . I 've had the program before , and I thought it was pretty cool a couple of years back . I lost it , and decided to get a replacement copy in case my computer crashed.The program might seem a bit difficult at first , but make sure to watch the tutorial ; it really does help . Make sure you have some kind of USB interface , or some kind of adapter that connects to your computer . Behringer has a decent interface for like 30 bucks that you can buy on amazon . You chose the new project option , click on the transport button , select the track you want to record , and record . You can clean up your tracks , or add effects . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 This software was fun to play with . It does n't go into much depth ... just gives you some key phrases ... but it has fun games to get the words into your head .
 The CD was very useful and my wife was able to pick up Macedonian very fast very easy . I would say it is a beginner or up to intermediate level.The pronunciation was excellent and there is easy fun filed strategies for learning the language.Great Buy
 PhotoFinale has some really great/easy to use templates for cropping your photos . If you want 4x6 or other sizes , then it sets the size just right and keeps me from having to remember all the numbers.When its time to share photos , the software can link to the photo finale web site that allows family and friends to see the photos . I have used the software for sharing photos of my kids team for several tournaments with other parents and relatives . The web site has a slide show feature that is great and when someone sees one they like , they can save it . I do n't need to email photos now unless I want to.There are other features that my wife and I like , but too many to list them all .
 I ca n't say enough good things about Photo Finale . I have used various photo software products thoughtout the years to work on my scrapbook habit and to edit photos of my children but this is by far the easiest to use . The red eye trick it uses is amazing and can take out the red eyes of my blue eyed kiddo over mulitple photos at at time . I even found a hidden gem that can do a picture in picture feature which I use for our sports photos . I recommend this product for the most experienced photographers all the way to the novice shutterbugs .
 I just installed this software and I love it ! I admit that I am not an expert photo corrector . However , I was using the software that came with my Cannon Powershot -LRB- ZoomBrowser EX -RRB- and PhotoImpression 5 and was just not pleased . I knew that there must be a software package that would allow me to add text , frames , borders and clip art that would n't cost 2 arms and a leg . Well , this is it !!! It is very intuitive , especially if you have used any other photo software . The correction and cropping features are great ! And it is very inexpensive ! I ca n't find anything to complain about it ! Highly recommend this software !!!
 After trying numerous Photo Organizer programs I stumbled across Photo Finale , and am I glad ! I 'm using the free version and it is perfect for me . I do n't want anything complicated - I just want to organize my several hundred digital photos as well as scanned photos and this program does the trick . I just hope the maker sticks around .
 I am a software tech - I am always testing new programs . I have tried `` several '' utilities that `` claimed '' to speed up my XP SP2 `` maxed out '' DELL 8200 , 3.06 ghz , 1002mb memory , computer . None worked , until Fix-it6 ! Utilities that mess with the registry , are VERY risky!I had BAD results -LRB- had to do a system restore , with the others , using - Acronis 9.0 -LRB- read my GOOD review ! -RRB- . I tried System Mechanic5 , Winoptimizer , and 1clickfix -LRB- the worst for me ! , I would n't even try it ! -RRB- , + several others that actually slowed my computer!Fix - It 6 - ROCKS ! Programs open/run so much FASTER!Anytime you see love/hate reviews on software , the `` hate '' reviews are usually because of installation problems ... ! I 've installed fix-it on `` several '' clients computers , without a problem.How to ! BEST ! install...-Note-When installing pgm , ONLY install Fix-It Utilities -LRB- forget ALL their other utilities ... !!! -RRB- . The rest are usually unnecessary & a HUGE pain ... ! -LRB- custom , down arrow & disable spyware & antivirus ... -RRB- ! DISABLE AUTO-UPDATE ! Install with '' !!! startup group items disabled !!! '' -LRB- Google search -RRB- & install fix-it Utilities ONLY ! ... Make sure your firewall is enabled!Do ONLY `` 1 '' manual check for updates/install ... -LRB- Help/Easy Update ... I Register later -RRB- . You can use it on other computers IF you only do `` 1 '' update!Now to clean...-1 . Go to OneStopSolutions & run CleanUp.RESTART2 . I recommend that you back-up your registry -LRB- I use freeware Erunt -RRB- . Go to FIX , and keep running ... `` Registry Fixer '' over and over -LRB- back -RRB- -LRB- & only delete green/maybe yellow if uninstalled ... -RRB- , until no more invalid entries can be deleted -LRB- usually hundreds ! Slow , but thorough ! -RRB- . Restart .3 . Go to OneStopSolutions & run All-InOneRestart -LRB- `` ALWAYS ! '' wait for hard drive lights to stop blinking , before you do anything more ... !!! SLOW DOWN ! -RRB- DONE , ENJOY!NOTE
 This program offers all of the features offered by Norton Systemworks -LRB- anti-virus , disk defrag , windows maintenance , etc. -RRB- It also offers a Registry Defrag feature -LRB- unavailable on Norton -RRB- , to optimize registry performance.What is missing , that existed in ver 5.0 , is a Registry Fixer which caught registry errors -LRB- there are literally hundreds of them -RRB- . It would then list them as green , yellow and red -LRB- depernding upon how critical they might be to your system -RRB- so that you could decide which to delete . There were problems with this feature , because it would occasionally remove a critical registry entry -LRB- causing machines to crash -RRB- , but it is such a great idea that I wish they had continued to pursue it -LRB- the Registry , especially under XP , becomes clogged over time , slowing down your computer -RRB- . Neither Norton nor any other program that I 'm aware of has a comparable feature , although stand-alone registry cleaners are available from other vendors.In addition to anti-virus protection , it includes spyware cleaning and blocking , but not a firewall or spam protection .
 I purchased Fix-It primarily to correct a registry problem . It was rated very highly on the PCWorld website . It did a great job . I had over 850 registry errors , corrected them and did a reorg on the registry . My computer is running beter now . The other utilities included work as advertised . I have been using Norton Systemworks for many years and this product is very comparable at a lower price .
 In late October , with Norton System Works due to expire on several Pc 's , I purchased
 I have used Norton for ten years upgrading occasionally . Each version that I got was more screwed up then the last one I had . Each version would not allow use of certain modules , but I was able to trick the software into letting me run the modules that I needed . Finally the 06 version was Dead on Arrival -LRB- DOA -RRB- I finally called it quits for Norton . V Com did some things that Norton could but would not and some things that Norton did not know how to do yet . V Com is cleaning up the mess that Norton made of my computer . This is the best software that I have come across in a long time .
 Excellant product-easy to use-many features that really help keep my computer in top shape !
 This software is solid , much better than the newer Symantec 's Norton SystemWorks , which seems to slow down a PC until you got one of the fastest CPUs . The software comes with a $ 20 rebate on the box .
 I purchased this on the advice of the technician who `` fixed '' the woes of my computer . It is thus far working well !
 The product quite good i except when trying to update virus and spyware and program.seems to always be or network very busy downloading updates is a long and slow process . Alot of times download stops and i have to try another time it really gets me mad.I know it uses PC_cillin for virus patt and updates . I had pc-cillin and i never had problems with downloading virus updates.GO FIGURE ... Whats going on here . > ??????????????????????? OH well who cares about us consumers anyway .
 The Professional version I 'm using is 10.x . I used a few `` cheaper '' designers , but they were nowhere near as powerful and CA 10.x . I have the training videos -LRB- which I did use a little to understand what is going on -RRB- , but once I figured out how the program tool bars are laid out then everything made sense . I started the remodeling of a pre-1900s home , so instead of hiring a professional for lots of $ $ , $ $ $ I decided instead to redesign myself with nothing but a tape measurer , paper , and pen , and time to design in all in Chief Architect . I knew I had chosen the correct product when I had asked other `` contractors '' to bid the project , and one of them brought me Chief Architect plan printouts . So if these highly `` professional '' design/construct firms rely on CA then I 'm glad I 'm using it too.I was able to add my own furniture , layouts , move walls , paint walls , add molding , view in 3-D , and even print out my plans that show differences -LRB- where the was a wall now there is n't , things like that -RRB- . Now the negative -LRB- or what I have n't been able to do with my limited skill set -RRB- . Putting a roof on is a little tricky , but I finally got it done hours later , there are a lot of fixtures and furniture but not all that I needed . There are add-ons that will provide more library items . I needed to put in a recessed refrigerator , but I could n't so I improvised . It still does n't look good . High processing power to render in 3-D and sometimes it crashes.All in all , I am very happy with Chief Architect and highly recommended it to professionals and non-professionals . P.S. . The contractor we decided on was so impressed with the plans I had given him and how fast I was able to make changes -LRB- as all project require -RRB- that he wants to get the same software .
 Chief Architect is designed for the professional user . The post from the other review refers to the student version of the software that sells for a fraction of the price - and therefore prints a watermark on the drawings `` Not for professional use '' . Beware when you purchase a used copy Chief Architect that you purchase either the professional version or the student version .
 This is by far the easiest to use professional architectural design software out there . And as a bonus it is one of the cheapest also.Most people need to go to school to even start using some of the other professional software , but you can start designing with Chief Architect within minutes.But of course each company has their own demo 's for you to try out . So I would say it is best for you to test them all out and buy what works best for you , as I did .
 I am a home software tech - I am always testing new programs . I have tried `` several '' utilities that `` claimed '' to speed up my DELL XPs400 , XP SP2 , 3.2 ghz dual core , 4000mb memory , computer.Most registry cleaners are too weak , or TOO STRONG ! - Utilities that mess with the registry , are VERY RISKY!I had BAD results -LRB- had to do a system restore , with the others , using - Acronis 9.0 -LRB- read my GOOD review ! -RRB- . I only like System Mechanic `` 6 '' , Fit-It 6 , CCleaner , EasyCleaner , and Eusing.-1clickfix -LRB- was the worst for me ! , I would n't even try it ! -RRB- , + several others that actually slowed my computer ! - JV16 PowerTools is also WAY to agressive!Fix - It 6 - ROCKS ! Programs open/run so much FASTER ! Gets rid of literally `` hundreds '' of useless old registry/files -LRB- GREEN only ! -RRB- . Anytime you see love/hate reviews on software , the `` hate '' reviews are usually because of installation problems ... ! I 've installed fix-it on `` several '' clients computers , without a problem.How to ! BEST ! install...-Note-When installing pgm , ONLY install Fix-It Utilities -LRB- I forget ALL their other utilities ... !!! Custom ... -RRB- . The rest are usually unnecessary & a HUGE pain ... ! -LRB- custom , down arrow & disable spyware & antivirus ... -RRB- ! Do auto-check for updates -LRB- register later , option - Install on 1 computer only , or it 's disabled ! -RRB- ! Now to clean...-1 . Go to Settings , One Step Solutions ... -LRB- browse around ... -RRB- , and white check ALL `` Remove Unused Files '' .2 . Home , CleanUp ... MS Disk Cleanup , and restart . Empty recycle bin & thousands of old useess files with freeware CleanUp v4 .5.2 -LRB- review Options first ! -RRB- . Restart ! 3 . Go to FIX option , and keep running ... `` Registry Fixer '' over and over -LRB- back -RRB- -LRB- ONLY delete green & maybe Yellow ! -RRB- , until no more invalid entries can be deleted -LRB- usually hundreds ! -RRB- . Deep reg scanner is slow , and this can take awhile , but is rated # 1 for safety.RESTART4 . Go to OneStopSolutions & run All-InOne6 . Restart '' ! TWICE ! -LRB- anytime you run ANY disk fixer -LRB- chkdsk ... -RRB- '' -LRB- `` ALWAYS ! '' wait for hard drive lights to stop blinking , before you do anything !!! SLOW DOWN ! -RRB- 7 . DONE , ENJOY!NOTE
 I 'm surprised by the poor reviews here for the DataSend CD . This product does the job Magellan advertises . If you are a pilot , the CD has airport locations you can download . If you have the GPS 315 and want to download the nautical NavAids that the GPS 320 has , you can . I use this program to download the interstate exits . Then I can see how far I am from upcoming exits when I take long trips . However , like all of the software from Garmin and Magellan , it is priced a little too high .
 I have been a mandrake customer since 7.1 . I think this is by far the best flavor of linux on the market.reason 1 - It is easy to install , I use my whole hard drive but I have also partitioned with it before . Diskdrake is a very good tool.Reson 2 - The package selection is great . I am not going to list them here , you can check it out at mandrakes web site.Reason 3 - It is easy to use for both the newbie and the advanced linux user . The mandrake control center has everything under one manager , that make it easy to custumize your system.reason 4 - It is easy to update.If you are looking to switch to linux , or if you are looking for a good distro , this is the best one.lastly I have a computer i have run mandrake on for 5 years without one problem . Unlike some other operating systems I have used .
 If you want a new desktop operating system alternative to Windows , Mandrake Linux , or Mandriva , as the company is now known , is a great choice.There are only two caveats
 I 've been using this program for years now and I 'm surprised there is so much negative input about it ! It 's been one of the best cleaners I found . If you have a fast computer like at least an AMD 2000 with 1 gig ram and a fast hard drive there is no problem but I installed the free Google Pack version on my old laptop , XP PentIII 650MHZ with 256 megs ram and forget it ! I had to disable the auto features and just use the manual controls . It had a memory usage of 142 megs of ram ! So just disable the all the time active guard and the system will be back to normal . I do n't think I would purchase this product until the bugs are worked out !
 I use to love spyware Dr. and as a tech for 12 years highly reccomended it for use in all my customers PCs . Then they came out with ver .5 and made it a service . If you dont know what that is , it 's more deeply ingrained in the system and can wreak havopc if not properly designed . I decided to give ver . 6 a chance as a part of google pack you can select a free updateable starter version with the background guard and just a few less important things disabled . It renewed my interest as everything is working great on it . I just wish they had a full version 15 day trial to check out the rest . I do not see it listed with the rest of windows services and this may be why the started editions working but for the processor guard they offer in the full version , there may be problems . The free full version test run will not clean out what it find , unlike the starter ver . but at least you can see if it 's going to wreak havov and have to be removed before you purchase it . For most of you the starter edition is a good way to familiarize yourself with the program . Run a full not intelligent scan the first time and if you are installing Google pack to get the freebee , make sure you uncheck or do n't check the box that enables google to scan your info .
 I purchase the Spyware software after my popup screen kept saying my computer was infected . I contacted my internet provider and they stated I had a free program to remove and scan all infected files which was McAPhee.Once the McAPee program was installed the popup still would say computer infected by virsus and I was very disappointed that the McAphee kept saying no virsus found . Also , due to the virsus on my computer it caused my computer to run slow and after a period of time I was unable to open any programs.I decided to search online for a new program and I read about the Spyware Doctor and of course the reviews . Many said this software slowed down the speed of their computer in which I found to not be true . I have service through my cable company and after I installed the Spyware Doctor 11 virsus was found on my computer , I was also ask after the scan if I wanted to removed the programs or have the infected programs cleaned.This program scans my entire computer and files daily . All my emails that I receive , attachments , and my internet use is scan and protected by the Spyware doctor . I recently received and email and the Spyware Doctor did not allowed me to open the email stating the content I received had a virsus.I am very thankful for this program . It makes a big difference when you are a online student and use your computer more than the average individual . Now I have peace of mind and my computer runs faster and is scan daily for any potential virsus or threats . This software is a must have and I encourage everyone to try it !
 I received my PC Tools Spyware Doctor 2007 today -LRB- 11-20-06 -RRB- . I ran the program to check my system ; it found about 120 spy wares on my machine.I was highly amazed on howfast it works and how great it works as well.This program is worth every penny spent.For that piece of mind , knowing that no one is going to spy on you anymore .
 PC Doctor works great ! It removed spyware that other software did not . It is a memory hog and slows your computer while scanning , but it is worth the time . I turn off the software when not using the internet .
 I tried other software but they all fell short on features , the Doctor covers all bases .
 Our computer has been trouble free FINALLY since purchasing and installing this software and I would definitely recommend it .
 I just upgraded SD v4 to SD5 and could not be happier . Release 5 has had a very rocky start to say the least . I do believe they released it a bit early . Fortunately I read the SD forums daily and only downloaded version 5 when it seemed the big bugs had been dealt with.I have always found this product to be the best in it 's class . Best detection and moreover removal . Easy to use . I 've also had the product that is typically rated number 1 and for me it is no contest which I will stick with . This is my main , real time anti spyware product.I think one big plus is their customer service availability . This is important . They are very responsive . Their forums on their website are also extremely helpful . Customer service is also free . This application is fast and is not a resource hog . I have a lot of confidence in it . Also recently just downloaded their PC Tools Plus firewall ... it 's another great product and it is free!Basically a good company to deal with . I believe when the dust settles from this new -LRB- albeit too early -RRB- release of version 5 , you will see Spyware Doctor attain 1st place on many tech lists .
 use this version on diffeent pc 's , great at preventing you from loading posion web sites . stop them dead in there tracks.v .5 is coming around the corner . faster loading , less resource usage . buying this version gets you the new one when it arives.free . not recommended for very old pc 's . need at least 1 gig of ram.never a issue with installing , updating . using zonealarm pro , bitdefender v. 10 . machine stays squicky clean.and a router to round it off is highly recommended mate .
 I worked so good I bought one for my wife 's computer laptop and deck one to !!
 This is an excellent product . It found `` garbage '' on my computer that no other program found . The free on line scan found it but would n't remove it , so I bought it , btw-no other on line free scan found a thing . I feel it is a wise addition to any & all other security software you may be using . I would have given it a 5 star rating except that it slows my computer down a bit but not enough to warrant removing it . A wise buy-reasonably priced & does an excellent job . A must buy if you want to be `` secure . `` I have used this product for about 3 months now . I had to uninstall it . CPU usage is minimum 50 % . PC Spyware Doctor 2007 started off great . . slowly over time it slowed my computer down to a snails pace . I no longer give it 4 stars ... I now give it 2 stars . It is no longer , in my opinion , `` a must buy '' ... I wo n't buy it again .
 My computer was so infested with crap before I installed my program ! Since installing it I have found that my computer runs so much faster and I feel alot safer surfing the internet and making transactions online . The Registry Mechanic program that this company offers is also a great program . I recommend Spyware Doctor Highly !
 First let me say I have used lots of various programs over the past few years.Spydoctor is in my top 5 . I headed up a malware team ; before terms like malware , spyware and adware were even being used in the mainstream .1 . My first program was XCLEANER by xblock , since it was one of the first ones for sale out there.It does a decent job , but I like it more as a `` bundle '' of utilities , than for it being a # 1 rated in the anti-malware software utility .2 . Webroot - For years I used Webroot 's spysweeper and I still do on one of my pc 's . Only thing I hate is that spysweeper dropped the ability to scan network shares .3 . Counterspy - I also use Counterspy by sunbelt software.It and webroot go back and forth , both trading places for 1st place and 2nd place , in the anti-spyware category of software reviews.I like Counterspy slightly over webroot for one big reason ; it STILL ALLOWS you to scan your home network `` shares '' or shared-drives .4 . Spydoctor - My 3rd pc -LRB- old P3-600 -RRB- has Spydoctor.Over the last Christmas holidays , I also installed Spydoctor for a family member , on their pc . -LRB- It found several `` pests '' that the family member 's own ISP-provided anti-spy software had missed -RRB- .5 . Zone alarm - not as polished as webroot or counterspy , but getting better .6 . mcafee - getting better , but has a ways to go yet , before webroot or counterspy have to start worrying.Okay , I mentioned how Counterspy and Spydoctor still scan shared drives.For a home network , it is great to have the ability to connect to your other family member PC hard drives -LRB- or shares -RRB- and scan them once a week with a `` different '' scanner product.Webroot dropped the feature in it 's home/consumer product.Counterspy and Spydoctor still have it . -------------------- -LSB- NOTE
 I see 10 good reviews and 3 bad ... need I say more?The fact is Spyware Doctor works.I have heard SpySweeper by Webroot is the leader in anti-spyware and that may be . However I put both to the test and the fact is there are things Spyware Doctor finds that SpySweeper does not and vice-versa . They both miss very few things and since both only missed 3 or 4 that the other did not ... whose to say one is better then the other?Final thoughts : Does Spyware Doctor take up a lot of resources?Yes . But no one said you have to run it constantly ... just scan on a regular basis -LRB- weekly -RRB- and you 'll be fine.Does it work?Yes ! I have run countless other anti spyware programs and thus far only Spysweeper and SpyBot - Search & Destroy have found ANYTHING.Worth it?I wo n't be buying anything else for a long time . It 's not expensive and it works .
 I do n't understand all the negative reviews about this product draining their system resources . My system runs without me even noticing it there in the background . These guys must have other issues with their systems , I run an older P4 with no problems what so ever.Now , the real beauty of this product is that it saved me from throwing in the towel and reformatting my hard drive because of adware issues . I had tried several products to scan my hard drives and nothing could clean it up ! I decided to try one more product , Spyware Doctor , which was both toauted and damned by a number of users . Anyway , the test scan discovered the Virtumonde Adware program on my system . I did some reearch and found out that this sucker was responisble for throwing up ads left and right on my computer . It was driving me nuts and I was happy to know that it was finally discovered . I bought the product and was at first disappointed when it could not delete the program , it would just stall during the cleanup . That pesky program was resisting termination ! I decided to run in safe mode and wala ! it was terminated and I have since had no more adware issues ! My system runs like new again.I now keep Spydoctor OnGuard running at all times and it does not drag down my system . I also scheduled deep scans to run at 2:00 am twice a week.I highly recommend this product to anyone that needs help with spyware/adware problems . It really worked for me .
 Several weeks ago I had a nasty spyware infection that completely took over my Internet Explorer browser , my desktop , and my system tray . My browser was being continually redirected to a bogus anti-spyware site -LRB- `` AntiSpyware Storm '' -RRB- and my system tray was popping up warnings with links to anti-spyware sites that were in fact malware . Spybot Search & Destroy -LRB- a well regarded freeware program -RRB- could n't resolve the problem . Microsoft 's own program , Windows Defender , could n't even detect a problem . Nor could my fully updated Norton Antivirus 2007 , which purports to afford anti-spyware protection . I downloaded Spyware Doctor 2007 using Mozilla Firefox -LRB- which was unaffected -RRB- , ran it , and it returned my system and Internet Explorer browser completely to normal ! I have n't had a spyware or adware issue since.With regard to system resources , I recommend turning the `` OnGuard '' real-time protection OFF and simply running the `` Intelli-Scan '' feature -LRB- which only takes a couple of minutes -RRB- every few days or so . Both of these features can be accessed by right-clicking on the Spyware Doctor icon in the system tray . With OnGuard off , I do n't have any speed issues on my computer which has 512 Mb of RAM .
 Without doubt Spyware Doctor v4 was the best anti-spyware product on the market . In my own tests it removed 7 out of 7 keyloggers , 19 out of 20 spyware products and every piece of adware.On a clean system it prevented the installation of every piece of malware I throw at it , except one keylogger which it squawked about constantly.Then for some inane reason PC Tools re-wrote their product from the ground up , because it 's become all the rage to make all-in-one protection software.The result is still a fine piece of software , but the nearly 100 % faith I had has been shaken somewhat.Spyware Sweeper is now an equivalent product , not a serious come down in quality , but basically it now misses probably around 5 % of malware . So my confidence has fallen from 100 % to 95 % . Still massively better than the distinctly average Ad-Aware , or any of the free products.The main critism I have is the product has slowed down tremendously . It was always a bit of a resource hog , and took forever to load initially , but the scanning around 160gig of data took about 10 minutes on my 32-bit Athlon based PC.Now it takes around an hour on the same data . Admittedly this includes antivirus detection , but even the p ** s poor Norton AV takes only 30 minutes in comparison.So it seems PC Tools have some major work to do , to get back to the pinnacle of Anti-spyware protection . I would still recommend this over any free offering , and is probably as good as it 's main competitors - but it 's not so much better that it 's worth $ 10 more .
 The is by far the best spyware detector I have used yet ! It catches everything . It 's well worth the $ 25 .
 I 've had NAV 2007 3 user for about 4 months now . No problems.I think the key is being aware of these comments and being careful to uninstall any previous versions of NAV before installing . It is also generally true when installing many types of security software that you have to be careful about running security software from other companies -LRB- like a firewall from ZoneAlarm , etc -RRB- with that software . I do n't use any other , including a firewall , since I 'm careful about my outgoing activity/programs I install and my router protects me from uninitiated incoming activity . I think a good antivirus program coupled with some good incoming firewall protection -LRB- hardware -LRB- NAT router -RRB- or software , preferably hardware -RRB- and common sense and caution on the user 's part about what they download , install , and websites they go to , etc is all that 's really needed for most people . A bunch of extra garbage usually only complicates your life in time , money , etc spent on your part usually without a great deal of added protection -LRB- this includes user propensities as well ... like getting sick of your software firewall nagging you all the time and so not looking at alerts as critically anymore , etc -RRB- . A bunch of concurrently running security software also tends to bog your system down and increase the risk of a system crash .
 I have been using the Norton AV for a while now ... does what it says . Got a good price for 3 systems license , the rebate came on time . The only little gripe is that Norton products hog a lot of memory and they need to do something about it . For this particular version , after reading all the reviews and elsewhere , I contacted Norton and they also suggested to uninstall any previous versions and then install fresh . Followed that and did not get any problems . They even have a uninstall utility for the previous version . Beats me why they can not have a clean upgrade path but thats how it is .
 The only problem that I had , was loading the actual program on the three computers that I have.You had to delete your old Norton AntiVirus 2006 before starting.Also I have one more problem that after I loaded the Norton AntiVirus 2007 - 3 Users on the last computer I still get a error that I need to down load the latest updates , which I already did .
 I have used this software for many years and has worked flawlessly .
 However , once you install it -LRB- and register it with Symantic -RRB- on one computer , the 1 year clock begins to countdown , even on the 2 remaining installs.So if you wait 2 months and install it on a 2nd & 3rd computer , you onlyhave 10 months left on each.Also , if you have any time remaining from the previous install -LRB- 2006 -RRB- - you lose it!I had 2 months on one and 1 month on the other and all I got was a total of 1 year each on all 3 - so they will all expire on the same day!I also had to uninstall Norton 's own FireWall before the Antivirus could be installed.Apart from all of this , it works fine and seems to get along with the Norton SystemWorks Premier -LRB- with Ghost -RRB- on all 3 machines.Hopefully , by 2008 all the bad Press will be removed as well .
 I am overall satisfied with the product . It warks fine with my XP and Vista PCs , and I did not have any problem in authorizing . The only downside is it uses a lot of memory . You may not want to run the scan while you are working on something .
 norton 2007 is good but it is not as compatible as 2006 . i love norton but sometimes , they get over their head as far as revisions and inclusions are concerned !
 I 've used Norton AV for years . Now also have a laptop so needed a 2nd copy of the AV . This was only sold in 3 's so I loaded the 3rd copy on my brother in laws laptop . Was a bargain for 3 copies .
 I have used Norton Antivirus effectively since 2002 when I first purchased a computer . I have never experienced any of the problems mentioned by the above complainers . Naturally , when you install new antivirus software , the old has to come out first . This includes older versions of Norton . It is altogether too easy to blame one 's own mistakes on the manufacturer and then complain about lousy service ! On the sole occasion that I did have to uninstall and reinstall Norton because on my own error , I found the removal tool convenient and easy to use . Removal was both effective and clean . Reinstallation was time consuming but not as long as original installation . I can not comment on customer service since I have never had any issues which I could not resolve by myself . I plan on purchasing Norton 2007 when my current subscription expires .
 This is a fantastic product . I have used one version or another since it came out . Once installed and properly set up , it operates flawlessly with minimal supervision from the user . The install is easy , but under some circumstances it can be a bit rough . The user has to read the manual and follow instructions carefully . For instance , one has to be sure the old version -LRB- if you have changed OS or waited too long to up-grade -RRB- is completely removed before you try and install the newer version . The company 's website is a bit hard to navigate if your problem is n't in the FAQ -LRB- but most are -RRB- . Tech help is super once you get to them . With a good firewall and this software the Windows OS is about as secure as it can get .
 I ordered this product for three downloads . So far I have used two of them . After reading some of the other notes regarding this product , I deleted any Norton products left on the computer and then I downloaded . I had no problems . Last week I did have to redownload the product on one of the computers as Norton wanted me to download again . It took a while but was n't really that bad . This was definitely worth the money that I paid . I also received it in a few days .
 I got the order really fast within 10 days . Word of advice is to make sure you have your other virus and spam blockers turned off or disabled so that you can install this new stuff .
 This is the 3 copy version of Norton AV . -LRB- one CD will create three copies -RRB- I purchased it to save money as it was less than $ 20 per copy . I bought it to replace NAV 2006 on the same three computers which had expired.Installed easily on two machines . Just the uninstall of 2006 and the install of 2007 . The first machine was more difficult . There is evidently some conflicting software on the computer as i had to use msconfig for a `` Clean boot '' per Norton web site instructions . I kept running into the `` blue screen of death '' on the previous installs when i would get to the actual install of the Norton AV . Each time i would have to uninstall the program and do more . But all of the help came from the Symantec -LRB- norton -RRB- website . It is now working fine.Added : My personal preference is to not use software firewalls . I use a router with NAT as a hardware firewall . -LRB- It only blocks unauthorized incoming malware -RRB- Software firewalls try to tell you about everything leaving your computer and generally you either become paranoid or just shut the thing off . They are intended to look for malware by behavior . Antivirus programs look for malware by signature . The only advantage to finding malware by behavior is if the computer is attacked in the first day or two of the malware 's existence . If one has an antivirus program it will eventually -LRB- within a few days -RRB- find the problem that the software firewall was trying to tell someone about . -LRB- assuming they have n't given up yet with too many cries for wolf -RRB- . So the only software firewall i have -LRB- Microsoft OS firewall -RRB- is turned off and thus i have n't had the same problem as others report.As a practice i sent junk email directly to the trash can and avoid weird websites . So far no problems with malware .
 It works to protect against viruses without constantly bugging me like the competition . I used this product to upgrade from NAV 2006 & it loads a lot faster on startup . Runs fine on my older system with only 512MB of RAM .
 To install new properly , uninstall all/old A/V . I use Norton Removal Tool available on their website for download . On reboot I run Registry Mechanic -LRB- optional -RRB- to clean NAV reminants . I did do a reinstall following an unexplained error . No problem using the Removal Tool and reinstalling . It did ask to login . Ad Aware is my A/S and no interference . Left it on during install with no problem . NAV does occasionally run in the background doing whatever but a minor problem . Slow running scans . System is XP Home . Used NAV for several years and it has performed well . No router . Two others have installed and no problems .
 I am editing an earlier review of NAV 2007 , 3-User -LRB- NAV -RRB- , a CD we bought from lowprice_blink for a total of about $ 32 including shipping . After two months to make sure no problems surfaced like some described by other purchasers , I commmented that we put it on two computers running Windows XP . With first uninstalling previous Norton versions , plus uninstalling and later reinstalling both Spybot Search & Destroy and Spywareblaster , plus temporarily disabling our Windows XP Firewall , and whatever else was recommended , including restarts , the whole process took at least three hours . But except for slowness , we only had one significant problem with NAV , where I had to use SmitFraudFix to get rid of some spyware/adware , because NAV did n't recognize it . Now , 10 months after uninstalling NAV and 2 months after installing Kasperskly IS 7.0 -LRB- KIS -RRB- 3-PC , 2-Yr license in its place , I realize that NAV interfered with other programs to such a degree , that one could n't use the computers for around 6-8 minutes after each startup . Once the computers were on , however , NAV generally seemed to work OK . I should also add in favor of NAV , that when we bought new computers and uninstalled NAV from the old ones , that our remaining license time transferred over to the new computers without a problem . Re-reviewed May 2008 , and change our rating to 2 or 3 stars out of 5 .
 Norton has struck again . I have loaded two of the three licensed instlls of Norton and am thus far batting .500 . The version in my laptop XPPro , works very well . The version on my desktop is irritating the daylights out of me as it keeps asking for the virus update to be run as it claims to be outdated . OK , I will play your game once or twice , but even after running and getting an all-current response the prompt comes up immediately to update because you have not updated since Pluto was a pup ! ARGGGGGHHHHH!Norton AntiVirus 2007
 I had the software in just a couple days and it was exactly as I ordered . Along with it came an information sheet on what to do and who to contact if there were any problems . Great Job . Would order from them again .
 I was having problems with an older version of Adobe and was therefore reluctant to upgrade but I was glad I did . The platform is familiar and easy to use and so far I 've had no problems with it .
 it does what i want it to , though it crashes sometimes ... . the crashing is the reason for it losing a star . you have to be a bit creative to get it to do what i have done , but i got it there so ... if i find anything absolutely horrible , i 'll be back with an edit .
 Have n't used it much yet , but it has all the tools I 'm used to and more .
 Excellent graphics editing application , probably the best available . My main problem with it is that some of the editing tools that used to be in the tool window in earlier versions are now buried a layer or two deep `` beneath '' related tools shown there . For instance , two of the tools most used by photographers are the dodging and burning-in tools . These are now found in an expanded menu after you select the sponge tool . Who would have thought to look there for them ? I would have left those most used tools right in the tool box and buried the sponge under them instead . This is just one example of the user interface employed by Adobe here . As a Mac user , I am used to having the most handy devices readily available , in easy reach and accessed in a much more intuitive way like they are in most other Mac applications . I 'm afraid that this version of Photoshop Elements has become more like the typical somewhat clumsy Windows applications that many of us are forced to use when working in that environment . Still , I give PE 4.0 four stars because once you figure it out , this is a truly excellent graphics editor .
 I am very happy with PSE 4.0 . it is user friendly , and has a great deal of information in the help section , that will guide beginners thru the steps toediting their photos . I find this a perfect tool for digital photography.A must have for photographers of any level , or artists who want to create their own interesting art !! Great fun and ease of use !!
 My experience in using Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 -LRB- Mac -RRB- has been positive and rewarding , making the hard-to-see suddenly clearly visible , and increasing the accuracy of the image . Many photographers will , no doubt , find this system valuable beyond expectations .
 great product . needed to take a class though ... way too much info to just read and learn on my own .
 I am glad I purchased this , but I really wish these tools did n't spawn such an industry of `` How to really benefit from this product '' . I 'm sure it will do alot of amazing things , and I think the publisher should show/tell me what they are . The manual is rather lame .
 I found this product to be very useful for my purposes . I use it mostly for fixing up documents . I am not artisticenough to use its ' greater possibilities .
 Was received just in time for Christmas as ordered . Has been used almost daily since .
 I love this product . My finace is a professional photographer and is really able to do a lot with this program .
 I am so pleased with Photoshop Elements . It 's everything I need and more . I 've never used Photoshop , but given the price difference , I 'm glad I went with Elements . I highly recommend it !
 This edition of Photoshop Elements 4.0 for the Mac is a big improvement over the previous version . I 'm not the most computer literate person , but have had success with this program .
 I purchased a MacBook Pro recently and read the very mixed reviews on this program . Some people had a difficult time getting it to run on their Intel Based Macs.The other reviews had me nervous . The software installed like it was supposed to and I 've already used it to play with some photos I have residing on my iDisk . I used the Bridge to select the shots I wanted to experiment with . The Bridge also worked like it was supposed to.After I installed the program some very large updates were offered and I instaled them promptly . Perhaps the updates addressed some of the problems mentioned by prior reviewers.So far so good is all I can say right now . I 'm giving it a `` 4 '' , and will be back later on to add to my reiview.I 'm no techie geek , so I can not say why I am having no problems . My computer is a MacBook Pro with 1 GB of RAM running at 2.16 Mega herz running OS 10.4.10 I 'd say go ahead and buy it for your Mac . You 'll be fine!I will update my review once I 've gotten more familier with the program
 For `` the rest of us '' who do n't really need all the power of PhotoShop , this is a great product . I hope they bring out a universal binary soon.For much of what I need , Auto Smart Fix does the job . Sure , I could hand tweak it and get it a little better , but what a time saver!Ease of use , good price ... I 'm a fan .
 This is as slick as the new Honda Element & with better functions . Even though I use iPhoto to fix most of my pictures , Photoshop Elements 4 offers so many other styles & filters you can apply to your photos . Coupled with its great paint program , one can do wonders even if you 're not an artist .
 I wanted an upgrade for my aging Photoshop -LSB- Elements and this seems to be the best fit for a PowerPC computer . Now , that Apple has changed to the Intel platform many upgrades will not run on my PowerPC machine running OS 10.5 .
 A very early version of this software was included with the first Mac I bought about 12 years ago . Wow ! How nice to be able to use this upgraded version which has more features but still serves up an easy-to-use interface.Software loaded fast , installed in one try , and has neither crashed nor gotten `` the slows '' during my first three months of use . -LRB- I 'm running it on a Mac iBook G4 . -RRB- This is a fine program for the beginner because the basics of photo editing , card making and some other graphic tasks can easily be done even without extensive reference to the help sections . But if help is needed , the help section is decent.The intermediate user will find lots of useful features including multiple graphic layers , several layers of edit undos -LRB- boy , I love undos -- :-RRB- -RRB- , and good tool palette.I strongly recommend this software for beginners who do n't want to pay the higher price and face the steep learning curve for programs like Adobe 's full Photoshop program . For the average , non-professional graphics creator or even for the less sophisticated pro photographer , this program is excellent .
 Although I own Photoshop 7.0 for the Mac , I use it so rarely that it takes too much time for me to re-learn the functions . Photoshop Elements brings a host of the most used features from the full version , into a streamlined easy to use application . It works very well on my Mac and does everything I need a photo editing application to do ... without clutter and confusion .
 I am a Photoshop user at work and wanted Photoshop for home use.I am so glad I saved $ 500.00 and bought Elements instead . It does everything needed to manipulate my pictures . It has the majority of the features full Photoshop does , but some have different names , or are semi/fully automated.I am a very happy shopper , and my photos look great at home!Warning for non-Photoshop users , my friends tell me this is not an intuitive program . A tutorial of some sort is necessary !
 Here is my review : -RRB- I work with Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 everyday in school during my digital arts class . This was my first time using this , and I am finding that it works quite well.This class has minimal instruction and with the help of my AWESOME friends , I soon figured out the basic features.I recently learned that this is a pretty old version , but works great for the school computer class with MacBook edus operating on Snow Leapord.Go Photoshop !! : -RRB-
 Do n't waste your time downloading or trying the inexpensive or free competitors . Pay the very reasonable price and be happy doing what you want to with software that works right out of the box with no glitches!Hey Yahoo! I totally redid this review to eliminate the double name but it did n't give me a chance to change it .
 Simple to use but sophisticated photo editing coupled with the included `` Bridge '' photo management system makes this an ideal program for the amateur .
 this is a good basic program . once this is learned you can move up to cs2
 I own a Mac Book Pro 17 ' and needed this specific program for my mac . Not too many places have this just for Mac but of course no need to look farther than AMAZON . In stock , I am a PRIME member and for less than 4 bucks shipping it was here less than 24 hours after placing my order . I was ordered early afternoon and the next morning it was on my doorstep . AH MAZE ING !
 It takes a little time and effort to learn but is well worth it .
 This product is great for anyone who either does n't need the full power of Adobe 's Photoshop , or is on a budget . For the limited graphics work that I do , this product is still more than enough .
 Photoshop Elements has just what a photographer of average to above average ability can handle.It includes all the bells and whistles and more which most of us will ever need to add enhancementto our photographs .
 I store my photos in iPhoto but do most of the editing in Photo Elements . I find that almost all my edits can be done using the Quick Fix options but the additional tools sure come in handy . Have saved many a questionable photo with this product . Ca n't wait for Photo Elements 6 .
 Installed and works fine so far on Intel-based iMac with OS X 10.4.11 . I will update if any problems arise.Update 1/4/07
 I used to have the origianl photoshop program which was valuable in my work . -LRB- photography -RRB- . But the learning curve was long , long , long and the program was expensive . I could never recommend it to my friends.This program has all the most useful features of photoshop for 1/5 of the price and 1/2 the learning curve . And it has some pretty cool `` do it for you '' stuff . I will never buy the full photoshop version again.However , be aware ... if you are an impatient person and you hate working on computers , this program still may not be the one for you ... it 's pretty cheap just to bring your memory chip in and let someone else do everything .
 Elements brings the tools of Photoshop into the hands of average users . It has nearly all the power of Photoshop with a much more intuitive and usable interface .
 NIS 2007 is simple to setup and use . As a former user of NIS 2004 & 2006 , I felt that this upgrade was warrranted . I just wish that NIS was easier to move from one version to another -- my subscription on one computer ends in August . Unfortunately , NIS is usually released in September , this makes the annual change/upgrade difficult , since I have just renewed the software on one of my computers . Even though Symantec 's call center says they will credit me with the difference , I 'm never certain if I am going to be throwing money away by upgrading . I 've never tried , I just keep paying . Just the same , I 'm happy with the performance of NIS 2007 .
 This product is very user friendly simply put the CD in and follow the prompt . I like the auto updates and the way all the protection is handled off the monitor -LRB- without pop ups -RRB- and not interrupting what you are doing .
 This item arrived quickly and was just as expected , brand new in sealed package . No problems what so ever ... PERFECT !
 Norton Internet Security Suite 2007 - 3 Userthis was great for I have 3 Computers here at my home !! Was easy to install , just took a long time doing the first scan of my disks , but it works great now that is done .
 I like having hard copies of programs . This product works great . I have had no problems installing or using this product . Updates are easy , if you have automatic updates running you hardly notice when it happens , it is always up to date .
 Norton Internet Security Suite works almost without the user doing anything . Very easy to use , up-to-date spyware , virus protection
 I really was wanting this item but hesitated over the price . Doublechecking with Amazon , I found just what I wanted/needed at less than half the cost . Do n't always save this much , but have learned to trust any items I get from them . It arrived , installed and I am definitely quite pleased .
 I am satisfied with my purchase of Norton Internet Security 2007 but am very Dissatisfied that only 2 weeks after purchasing , the Norton 360 was available and it is so expensive to upgrade . Not good for Norton customer service .
 Unfortunately , 2007 does not include an anti-spam folder . Therefore , you ca n't block recurrent spam , just delete it .
 It was very easy to install . It 's keeping my three computers safe . I had McAfee and had problems with upgrades . Norton 3 user 's upgrade went flawlessly .
 Good deal with multiple computers to protect . Installation is somewhat time consuming .
 I have owned most of the Norton products and found this to be like the rest . It 's always a pain to install and sometimes installing a couple of times is necessary before it installs correctly . I have n't been able to find some of the features from NIS 2006 that I liked - such as the ability to accept or reject cookies . It seems to have a high medium and low setting for cookie acceptance . Once the product is installed and configured correctly it works great .
 Solid performing software as usual . I have used their products for years now & have had VERY few problems with comapatability , firewalls etc. . It 's as it should be with a good software product , you install it on your computer & it works ! I have never had a virus infect my system of been hacked yet in years of use .
 i can say Norton has improved since i used it 6 yr 's ago & am now reccommneding it as a top of the line internet security program , plus the priced is great now also . . do not go with free programs when this excellent secirity program is priced so low & is a great secure program for a computer . . well you can use it for 3 computers . . Thanks for your offer also amazon
 Although this seems like a well rounded product and has a lot of reviews that back upp there statement as being an industry leader there are just a couple of things to keep in mind while upgrading or purchasing for the first time security program buyer.Although I like the fact that they have added things such as a web page phishing filter and a combined virus protection and firewall into this one program , I found out that first I had to uninstall all my symantec programs -LRB- which for myself took a while to do , it was not as straight forward to completely flush the system of all remaining traces of there being a norton/symantec program being there in the past -RRB- . Once that was done and the installation was ready to begin the program told me that there were a couple of programs I had installed that were known to cause conflictions with the I-net Security Program . Such as Microsoft Windows Defender and what I believe was spyware sweeper or one of those `` leading '' spyware program that is quite popular.The only other thing is that I wish it were not so CPU labor intensive , depending on your systems speed , memory and hard drive space and settings in the program , it can take a decent amount of time to do a scan of your system.Besides all that being said , I think it is a pretty good all around program and am glad to have it running on my system .
 Software works great . No problems installing . Recommend removing older versions first .
 Overall a very good package that gets better each year . Nice features that go beyond basic virus protection include parental control , phishing protection , spyware protection , ad blocking , pop-up blocking , spam filter , and more.I would like to see a better interface for customizing what is considered spyware or nor , what sites should be blocked , and what cookies should be blocked .
 I have never had problems with Norton Anti-Virus or Norton Internet Security . I recently purchased a different product for another computer and was disappointed as it was far more non user friendly then Norton . I love the rebates Norton always gives , it is a real perk in the purchase . What is frustrating is sometimes Norton support people are hard to get a hold of and the waits on the phones are long .
 After years of having ` issues ' with other software , they seem to have most of their compatibility problems resolved . I have it installed on three very different computers under XP MCE , XP PRO and Vista Premium and all work well . I have had to reinstall it on two computers for weird reasons , but the process also went well . Good Stuff that I would highly recommend , but I must say that having to download the ` add-on ' parts to make it a whole product threw me off a bit ...
 I am pleased with this product as I have been with each of its predecessors . It works as I expected and I had no installation issues at all . I also have no problem -LRB- as others here seem to have -RRB- with the 3-user license that starts the clock with the first install . After all , this is standard in the industry for multi-user licenses . And as usual , my experience with Amazon was exceptional .
 Averall is the best comprehensive program . No hastles . Easy to fully automate .
 This is a great deal if you need to protect your PC from EVERYTHING
 I stopped using Norton after tiring of the slowing down of the computer and actually not being able to get a complete scan done without the computer shutting down . I used PCcillin -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- for a year but switched back to Norton at the recommendation of a friend . So far no problems . The 3 user was a good buy even with using for only two computers so far . It does not seem to slow the computer and does not have intrusive pop ups . My rating would be 5 stars except from residual wariness based on past experience with Norton .
 If you plan on being on the internet for extended periods of time with an `` always on '' connection , this program is definately the way to go . Makes your computer very secure . The older versions were more annoying and would ask alot more questions than this one does . This works fairly quietly in the background . You can set it for automatic updates . I never had a internet security program before Norton Internet Security came out and I had alot of problems with all sorts of things but since I installed this on the desktop I 've had no issues at all . Just got a laptop for Christmas and installed this immediately . No problems with that yet either . I 've heard that Norton can make your browser run slow , this has n't happened to me but if it does , try unplugging your router and plugging it back in .
 Compared to my previous NIS 2006 , this new version is slightly faster to load at Windows start-up . It now takes seconds to open the NIS control panel , whereas the old 2006 version took several minutes to open . I ran some firewall tests online and found the firewall in this version to be effective as it has been in previous versions.If you want spam , ad , privacy and parental control with NIS 2007 you need to downlaod the add-on pack from the symantec site , and it 's available for FREE . A lot of reviews say this is n't compatable with Firefox , but I have noticed that it blocks Ads in Firefox as well when ad-blocking is actve.Scanning is more detailed , and if you want to detect spy-cookies you 'll have to tweak the settings to be notified of `` low-risk '' threats.I remove one star due to the time it takes to install NIS 2007 ... it took a while , but no problems . BTW , you can use Spysweeper with this suite contrary to what some reviews say , just shut-down spysweeper when installing Norton , and it will start up again automatically when you restart windows .
 I received this product on Oct. 26,2006 and have been using it for only three days , so my observations are a little limited.I successfully installed the program and created an account with Symantec -- no problems there . It ran a full system scan and found and removed some problem files . However , as another rater posted , it slowed down Windows to an agonizing crawl -LRB- it took over a minute just to launch an application -RRB- . Every click of the mouse key meant at least 20 seconds for Windows to respond.Disappointed and wondering if I was going to have to invoke Symantec 's warranty of a 60-day refund if not satisfied , I uninstalled the program . With Norton gone , Windows ran FASTER than before I had installed Norton ! It must have cleaned up something.So , I went to Symantec 's site and found their `` FAQs '' -LRB- had to use their search engine to find them -RRB- and looked for a problem similar . There was one , and it said that my system might not have enough memory . I checked the system requirements on the box , and it said 256M required , and I have 2G . I re-installed Norton -LRB- no problems -RRB- , let it run a full system scan , and began experimenting by disabling all except the basic feature . Windows ran normally . I then added features back -LRB- by checking the appropriate box -RRB- one at a time and discovered the most resource-consuming routine is the Automatic Updates . I 'm not sure , but it seems that the speed of your internet connection would affect this also -LRB- I have a high-speed connection -RRB- . With the automatic update disabled , I ran a full system scan again , and it found one virus . Windows now runs normally , and I 'm satisfied . Will just have to remember to run the updates periodically.Update
 Got ta admit I am one of those who think the only 100 % secure computer is unplugged . But even then somebody can break into your home or business and steal it ... so I guess I should make that 99.9 % . < G > Therefore I am not in the habit of giving 5 stars to any security program , but I am taken by this one.Though everyone needs security , it 's easy to go overboard and make the cure far worse than the potential disease.Have heard horror stories about past Norton interfaces and programs . If true , they sure have changed.I am always happy when a suite installs easily and remains conflict free . In fact I move to the security suite approach years ago , due to conflicts I experienced with separates.Folks I symathize with any and all sorts of installation problems ... they happen ... but everybody should know to uninstall all their security programs ... then restart the computer ... before they install a new security suite.I use spysweeper . Uninstalled . Restarted . Loaded the suite . Reinstalled spysweeper . No conflicts . Have since dropped spysweeper because I do n't think I need it -LRB- never finds anything but cookies on my system . . and there are better ways to get rid of those -RRB- Anyway , I was a Trend Micro PC Cillin user for many years . Had problems ... many problems ... with their 2007 version . Think they pushed it to market too soon.Tried Kaspersky 's internet suite . And liked it very much , though it tugs on your sleeve often with shield popups -LRB- at the more secure settings -RRB- . My only small problem with K was a sharp reduction in my broadband upload times ... most probably due to their excellent http buffering scans . That problem might vanish in the new build which will be free to suscribers . I was going to hang on to K , and then I read a rave review in PC Magazine for the new 2007 Norton security suite build . Symantec has almost always tested well , but been far from user friendly . At least that was the rep. But I decided to give the 2007 suite a spin.One factor was their `` intelligent '' shields . Perhaps due to their work with Sygate -LRB- Symantec had purchased them -RRB- . You do have the option of having the program inform you about programs seeking outbound traffic ... and then making the decisions yourself ... but they recommend delegating that responsibility to the resident expert -LRB- Symantec -RRB- . Allowing them to decide . And if the PC Magazine 's test are any guide , they decide very skillfully . Allowing the legit to pass ... but smothering the malicious . The program protects itself and the rest of your computer very well.There was a big green Norton antiphishing bar on IE7 once I installed ... but that was easy to remove from the Explorer tools . . and the phishing protection still runs in the background . -LRB- and accoridng to PC Magazine is best of breed . Just as this suite was the first to identify and remove every one of their test keyloggers -RRB- . The primary program module is elegant in its simplicty and very easy to navigate . Stays out of your face . But has a complete array of information and settingsI set up an automatic full system scan each day , and it opens a large window when it begins . But you can minimize and the program adjusts to your other computer activities while it scans in the background . My computer does slow down during a scan but the effect lessens as the scan continues . Then it just informs you of the results later . The average full system scan on my computer usually lasts about 25 minutes . Quick scans of critical areas are much faster.I use autoupdates . Have n't experienced the severe slowdowns another poster mentioned . I 'll sometimes do a manual update at the end of the day.I do n't even know the autoupdates are happening , but the uneccessary manual ones do take a little longer than the other two suites ... and sometimes require a restart.In my opinion , all internet security suites will slow you down at least a little . None have what I would call a feather light touch . But again , this suite does not slow down my system much at all . Can still do all I want to do.You have to manually set the antispyware system to go after low risk items -LRB- soemtimes a cookie or two -RRB- . It does n't do that by default . -LRB- which me , I applaud -RRB- Antispam , Ad and popup blocking , -LRB- none of which I use -RRB- ; and privacy controls -LRB- which I do use -RRB- are free add ons ... available for download on the Symantec site ... kinda hard to find though.In summary , I like the interface . I am confident in the protection . And I really like that I do n't usually even notice the program is there.I run this suite behind a hardware firewall -LRB- just an extra levee ... belt and suspenders -RRB- ; and I feel about 99 % secure.Doubt if I will ever make it to that last 1 % ... but I feel that way in the bathtub too . VBGOf all the suites I have used over the years , this is my favorite . Just thought I would share my opinion ... FWIW . Best of Luck to All .
 I almost did not purchase NIS 2007 because of all the negative reviews here . But I took a chance since I have n't had any trouble with NIS 2006 or any previous versions . I installed the software on all three of my computers with no problems . Also , the antispam package is easy to install and is on the disk as a seperate program . Would I buy it again knowing what I know now . Yes , of course .
 Installed it on 3 PCs very quickly - 2 desktops and 1 laptop . No problems with the installation and the product runs smoothly . I have been using Symantec products since I started using a computer back in the early 1990 's and have always thought highly of Symantec products , although lately their customer service seems to have taken a turn for the worse . I would recommend this product .
 I 've written reviews in the past on Norton products . I personally , have never had any issues installing , uninstalling , reinstalling , or upgrading any Symantec product . I know that they happen and I feel for all those who have had issues . I know for many in my family who have had issues that I 've had to rectify , the majority of the problems arise from installing Norton over the top of a different -LRB- or even other Symantec -RRB- security/antivirus software package.The first thing you need to do before you install this software is go to Add/Remove programs in your control panels . Remove all of the 3rd party security software you have installed -LRB- any Norton , Symantec , McAfee , Panda , Kaspersky , etc -RRB- . Then Restart . You may need to restart more than once as directed by the software uninstaller . Following this procedure I have successfully installed this software without problem on more than two dozen of my own computers and probably more than two dozen of my family 's and friends ' computers . This seems to be one of the most complained-about issues in the other Norton Reviews.Second , price . You can pretty much always get Norton almost free . There are always twenty dollar rebates for upgrading . All you have to do is send them an old Norton -LRB- or other antivirus software -RRB- CD or box top . If you do n't have one of these you can usually buy an old Norton or other security software cd on ebay for under $ 5 . There are other rebates usually available as well tied in with Turbotax . I think this year I actually got paid $ 10 to buy Norton Internet Security Suite 2007 - 3 user suite . I split the 3 user licenses among other family members making it an even better deal . The 3-user package is priced almost the same as the single user package , so make sure you buy the 3-user package.Thirdly , while the software does indeed slow the computer down , I rarely am annoyed by it . The only real problem that I have had that makes me drop my rating from 5 to 4 stars is that the process of downloading emails into outlook is slowed down quite a bit as it does n't move onto the next message until the previous one is totally scanned . I have noticed an improvement in the functionality of Norton software since 2005 when it was particularly bloated , but still functional.Finally , and this is the gold standard for any review I will write of an antivirus software
 I 've used Norton for years now and after researching high and low on the latest security softwares , I decided to stick with `` old faithful '' -LRB- despite some very negative reports -RRB- . From what I 've read , the only real problem people had were installation issues . Mainly being the use of other antivirus programs with Norton Internet Suite 2007 . Previously , I was using 2006 Norton Internet Security Suite with Spybot S&D. ; So BEFORE my install of 2007 Norton I removed Spybot S&D ; to a USB flash drive . Next I installed 2007 Norton and followed the on screen prompts to completion . Once the Live Update and a complete system scan had been completed , I reinserted Spybot S&D ; to my program files and have had ZERO problems . No system slowdown , slow reboots , or Norton `` virus like activities '' -LRB- read that one in a report -RRB- . It acts the same as it ever had , but it did manage to find a tracking cookie that the 2006 Norton never found.Don ' t be afraid of this one !
 Decided to upgrade this year to IS2007 because it was actually less expensive than Antivirus 2007 with the addition of a rebate . All Norton programs I have used , have always been easy to install and works very well for my purposes -LRB- Internet browsing , Email , etc -RRB- . I have been using Norton products for the past 4 years and have never been disappointed . IS2007 is no exception .
 Easy to install - installation takes some time , but it 's fairly easy . Expect to spend some time on this process though , and then updating the program.Nice interface lay-out . I have an old computer with 512 ram - this program has really made the windows xp takes a little more time on the start-up , but after that , everything goes back to normal.I 've upgraded from the 2005 version - I was afraid , after reading some reviews that I would not be able to put Antispam and Ad-block features to work -LRB- they are important to me -RRB- , but that was a very simple thing to do , just go to the Symantec web site , thendownloads - > more - > Free Desktop Add-ons - > Norton Internet Security Add-on PackNow double-click the . exe file . Could it be more obvious?I did n't like one thing - this program is supposed not to ask you anything , because it should know better what to do . Well , I had to disable the all automatic feature and manually configure the firewall for it to allow certain programs to access the internet freely -LRB- in a way , just like in the old versions -RRB- . Finally I just can not understand why this program has received so many one star reviews , I think the reason should be because it 's fashionable now to criticize Symantec -LRB- and Microsoft , by the way -RRB- .
 Product works very well . No problems so far . Item was received in great condition . I would recommend this item .
 Norton Internet Security Suite 2007 has it all . Very easy to understand and to load on your PC . It also can be used on us to 3 of your personal computers . Money saving if you have a couple laptops and a desktop . I trust Norton for all my security on my computers .
 I am a long time advocate of Norton products . To be able to buy a multi-user license is a great find . And after rebates -LRB- upgrade and with TaxCut -RRB- the price can not be beat .
 I have used Synmatec products for many years and have been fairly pleased by them . However , do n't buy the upgrade or renew your subscription until AFTER your current subscription runs out because Synmatec will not give you credit for the un-used portion of your previous subscription . I asked and they said `` no way '' . That aspect of `` customer service '' is very disappointing .
 My wife and I have been recommended about a million different software tools for protecting our computer . It is like a kid in the candy story , I tell ya ! So what one will work better than another ? All I can say is that so far we have been very pleased with Norton Internet Security Suite 2007 . It has been almost six years since we have used Norton products . In between that time we used a variety of others but eventually came back to try Norton again . The thing we like about it is that is has an easy , user-friendly interface so that you can quickly get settings in place after installation . It also is simple to read the various tabs of what is going on with your application . To often I have found tools like this to be too frustrating in their use when it comes to truly understanding what it does , what it is doing and how to use it . So yes , user friendly and so far it has ran well with Windows XP . Updating the software in the past could be a pain in the tukus , but that is not the case here . If you are not sure , keep asking around but I 'm telling you if you just need something on your windows machine this will be a good start when it comes to Internet security .
 The software I purchased is for Windows XP and is for users . Installation was simple and the program works beautifully . I have never gotten a worm or virus using Norton . I installed it on a new laptop that came with McAfee , and it immediately found 6 tracking cookies . This is an excellent product .
 As someone who has had good experience with NIS 2004 and 2006 over the past 3 years , I hesitated to install NIS 2007 after reading all the negative reviews posted on Amazon . Numerous reviewers who appear to be experienced computer users indicate dramatically slowed internet access and computer crashes trying to go on-line , problems in starting up , problems with running standard software , and problems with NIS installation . One reviewer , trying to counter these concerns , suggests that perhaps the problems these folks were encountering are due to not having configured the installation properly ; but this raises further concerns by implying that , in 2007 -LRB- unlike prior years -RRB- , some sophistication is now required during the installation process.So it was with some trepidation that I finally gave in and bought NIS 2007 . My conclusion , after several days with this new software
 I upgraded from Internet Security 2006 . But , I spent some time here on Amazon reading the reviews before I bought the 2007 version . I found NIS 2006 to be a steady and reliable product - so I wanted to make sure I did this upgrade right.When you start the install , the program asks you if it can scan your system or skip this step - let it scan ! It will uninstall any previous version of NIS or other conflicting anti-virus software - thereby lessening your chances of problems.After the software installed , and after the program updated itself , I went online and downloaded the add-on pack . I use the ad blocking features of Spam Blocker and have no desire to go back to seeing those awful and annoying Flash ads.Nothing but joy ! No conflicts , no hang ups , no sucking of system resources . I support and use Open Source software , but when it comes to buttoning down the security on my main machine - I want the best , and I think Norton Internet Security is it ! Three years using Norton and never - not once , not almost - have I ever had a trojen , any kind of virus , no malware , no spyware . It 's got ta be doing something right !
 I have used Norton AV products for a number of years and and on a variety of equipment . I support a number of users in a growing network . This is by far their best AV/security product for the desktop . I chose this product for protecting my home PC/laptop network because of my experience using Norton products.The product works very well and I have used it for a couple of months now . It has automated the firewall/intrusion detection to make it easier for the common user to manage this tasks . All too often this task is frustrating for the average user to manage . I have not had any false positives to date and the software has picked up threats that my old software missed . So far I have been satisfied with the performance of this product.When I upgraded to Internet Explorer 7.0 the web security portion seemed to integrate fine with the upgrade.Pros and Cons : Pros-Nice integration with Internet Explorer , user friendly firewall protection . Good detection performance . User friendly interfaceCons - A bit of a resource hog . I ran it on a new laptop and performance impact was mimimal . On my aging desktop the performance hit was bit noticable . I wanted to give it a 5 stars but had a glitch . When I backed down to I.E 6 from I.E. 7 by way of Microsoft system restore the degrade damaged the web portion of Norton . I am not sure to blame Norton or Microsoft for this but Norton had to be reinstalled . Microsoft is probably to blame here but I thought I would pass this experience on anyway .
 Like a few others , I decided to upgrade to NIS 2007 when my subscription to NIS 2006 was about to expire because of the same price . Due to being a Symantec customer for many years I know from expirence that you MUST uninstall all previous versions of NIS before attempting to install the new product . The Symantec web site even has a downloadable software removeable program to remove all previous NIS software . That being said , I installed this product on three computers -LRB- 1 desktop and 2 laptops -RRB- with no problems . All in all I find it a great product . Like many others , I was a little dissappointed that the anti-spam is no longer there , but most of my mail accounts are web based and have their own anti-spam built in , so it was n't that big of a factor . I found no noticeable slowdowns on any of the computers except naturally when a full system scan is executing . After the scan was over , everything went back to speed . Maybe I 'm a little biased , but in all the years I have used Symantec products , I 've never had a successful intrusion attempt or a virus -LRB- I hope I did n't jinx myself , haha -RRB- . I will admit I do n't have much experience with other internet security software , except McAffee , because it was preinstalled on one of my laptops . After trying it during the trial period , I went back to Symantec . Norton always worked well for me , so I 'm still sticking by them .
 Good product and great price . Still believe in Symantec for my anti-virus products . Shipping was slower than expected but product with multi-user features is great .
 This is a good product , the cost was reasonable , and the shipping was timely .
 I had ordered Symantec System Works 2007 prior to upgrading to Windows Vista . System Works worked fine on Windows XP Pro but not after upgrading to Vista . Amazon took back my Symantec System Works and I ordered the Security Suite for Windows Vista . I have had no problems installing and working with this software . I think it 's a great product and well worth the price to completely secure three computers on the internet .
 I installed Norton Internet Security 2007 without a hitch . The process was simple and easy . I did n't need to uninstall my 2006 version and I was n't prompted to do so . I 'm not sure why all of the comments from IT professionals are so negative . Their comments almost made me seek another vendor but I decided to try to Norton Antivirus 2007 because I have many years worth of favorable experiences with Norton and I simply could n't believe what I 've read . As it turned out , I made wise decision . I 'm completely satisfied with the program and I like the new screen structure -LRB- but it did take a bit to shift to the new way of doing things -RRB- . I 'm honestly confused why so many gurus have so many problems when a regular guy like me found everything to be painless .
 Quality product , but not sure if it is that much better than the anti-virus and anti-spam programs that are offered for free .
 I have installed NISS07 in both a Laptop and a Desktop unit and have found no problems so far . I 've had it installed for over a month and updates are working , scans have produced spyware and killed it . I have not noticed either system slowing down or taking a very long time to boot like with NAV06 and NPF06 . The Laptop has a 1.3 gig processor with 512mb ram and the desktop has a 2.08 gig AMD processor with 1gb ram . I 'm not giving it 5 stars because nobody 's perfect ! Both systems are using Windows XP home SP2 . Hope this helps ! Jim
 For 2007 they seemed to have listened to the complaints about 2006 . Much easier and faster than 2006 .
 Installed on 3 computers with no problems.Full System scan takes a long time
 As a consultant that has installed Norton products for many years I have to say this 2007 version is by far the best I have seen . Resource load is better by dumping of some features from standard install that can be added back if desired . It installs easily , is not at all intrusive and seems to work well with most normal networking activities . I especially like that after proper installation my clients are not bothered with constant barrage of pop-up choices , it just runs quietly in the background and works . Just finished a new HP laptop with Vista that was trashed by client trying to install McAfee and required a full factory restore to fix the mess made by client and McAfee tech support trying to repair . Installed Norton IS 2007 after restore and system is running perfectly now .
 I have used both Internet Security 2006 and now 2007 . It installs without difficulty , and in no way slows down my computer . I have found all Norton virus products excellent and find it difficult to see how all the problems have occurred in the computers of others .
 To start , I should point out that I have been a McAfee user since my very first computer . I never really had any major problems with it in the past , but I wo n't risk the security of my computer for the sake of comfy past experiences . After reading a few reviews of McAfee 's newest version -LRB- both here , and at other tech-related sources , such as PC Mag and the like -RRB- , I was n't impressed , and felt that it might just be time for a change . Skeptical of the other brands of PC-security software out there , I decided that Norton was the best option , despite less than stellar reviews for it -LRB- still , they were better than those for McAfee -RRB- . Then the headache started.It took me over four hours to get this program sorted out on my computer , and I am not what most would call computer illiterate . I ca n't even remember all the twists and turns I met along the way - and I loaded it on two computers - but I will say that unlike McAfee , Symantec makes it easy to troubleshoot problems yourself . There was n't an issue I stumbled across that I was n't able to sort out for myself , thanks to their easily accessible knowledge base.In fact , the most prominent issue I had in the installation process was n't even Norton 's fault , initially . My CD-ROM drive is apparently shot , so I ended up having to copy it to my harddrive to run it from there . Thing is , if you 've already started the installation process , and you experience a problem , you have to not only uninstall what was loaded -LRB- through the Add/Remove list in your Control Panel -RRB- , you also have to remove the temporary files that were left behind when you started running the CD . They give you instructions on how to do this in the manual.In my case , a problem arose in the uninstall process , but when I got the error window for it , there was a link to the knowledge base on the Symantec site . I clicked it , and was able to download a small repair program that removed all traces of it for me . From there , I was able to run it from the copy I 'd put on my harddrive , and it went off without a hitch.Otherwise , I will say that LiveUpdate is a pain in the patooty . While I had relatively few problems installing the program on my other PC -LRB- where the CD-ROM is perfect -RRB- , I encountered temper tantrums from LiveUpdate on both . Even now , after I 've gotten everything sorted out and have had a few days to get cozy with the program on both machines , Norton will -LRB- without warning -RRB- seize upwards of 50 % of my CPU , at random times . After looking into the matter , I 've found that it 's likely to be due to the LiveUpdate feature . I think this has already been mentioned in other reviews here , so I 'm probably not telling you anything new by pointing this out . But since I only have 256MB of RAM on this machine , I figured I 'd give extra warning to those with slower comps . When it does this , you will experience severe lags . Though they usually only last a few minutes , when you 're in the middle of something important , it can be most annoying and stressful . Otherwise , it does n't hog very much memory for me.I 'm giving it 4 stars here , because I am well aware that the biggest problem I had was an issue on my end of things . But even with that , I think it could stand a bit more efficiency , especially with regards to LiveUpdate . Nevertheless , I was impressed by how easy it was to tackle errors on my own , and so far , despite the initial headache , I honestly do n't regret making the switch from McAfee .
 I have this running on a Turion ML-32 1.5 ghz HP laptop with 2gig ram , and a 4200rpm drive on XP home , 32-bit . Not the fastest setup , just to give you an idea of the hardware . I do n't have a lot of stuff in the background , usually around 40 processes with Norton Internet Security Running.I do not notice any performance problems , usually would have gone with a different program since Norton is usually a big program with a rep for slowing down your machine , but a rebate and several reviews convinced me to try it . Norton is very different than earlier versions , resource light and not many popups or user interaction is needed.Anytime you install anti-virus , spyware , or system utilities , it 's better to backup and let it be the first program you install after a clean install/upgrade of the operating system . There are too many things in the software universe that you or your `` computer guy '' might not pick up on and might in turn , foobar the operation of the application . I 'm seeing a lot of low reviews here which might have been higher taking this in to consideration.Also take in to account the role of your memory and cpu , because today 's software and operating systems have more stuff going on in the background , older setups might meet the product minimum , but run slow . This application runs fine in my system , even when it Liveupdates or when I am profile switching or have multiple apps running .
 I was at first apprehensive about getting Norton Internet Security 2007 after ordering it and then reading the reviews about their 2006 version , but I have the found things said to be contrary . The protection suite is an upgrade from Norton 's AntiVirus that I have had in the past and was replacing Zone Alarm Pro 's firewall on my computer.The price of the software includes a one-year subscription to receive updates to the pieces of the suite via Live Update . The control panel allows you to configure how you receive those updates either by asking you or automatically updating for you . There are no rules to type in here which I find relieving since they have to be a particular syntax . It 's done either by filling in circles or checking boxes.I have to disagree with those who say that NIS 2007 slows the computer down . I find my computer to boot up completely faster when I had Zone Alarm Pro.If I have any cons for this software , it was the installation -LRB- -1 star -RRB- . After installing it the first night , I found it was n't working the next day and had to uninstall and reinstall again . Luckily , The process allowed me to click to go to Symantec 's web site where it led me to instructions how to correct the problems and had me download files that would help correct the installation process.If you have children and need parental controls , this version does n't have them , but since I am the only one using the computer I did n't find this requirement neccessary . Goodbye Zone Alarm Pro !
 I downloaded the trial version of NIS 07 because I got a nasty bit of spyware/malware . I tried solving this problem with online searches and other products . AVG , my prior vendor , did not keep the nasty program off my computer and was impotent in its efforts to cleanse the computer . Another interesting bit is that AVG scanned about 400K files on my machine and NIS 07 scanned over 2M files - NIS found 5 times the files and it fixed the problem on the first scan.Other vendors will let you download their scanner and tell you there is a problem , then ask for payment to fix it -LRB- or not -RRB- . NIS 07 will let you download the full version for a 15 day trial and you can fix your problems and prove the product works before plunking down your $ $ $ . The initial scan took over 13 hours , but it did look at over 2M files , so scale your times based on your files . This was about 3 times longer than AVG , but then it also solved the problem where AVG could not . After confirming that all is now well , I purchased the 3 pack so I have one copy for each of our machines.The only bad things I noted were that my boot time has gone up a bit , probably and extra 3 to 5 minutes and I had to do a bit of registry cleaning due to the type of issue I had . Once the boot is done , there is no noticable performance penalty . I have 2Gb of RAM in my semi-old -LRB- 04/2004 -RRB- machine . The registry cleaning was minor and only needed to get a reference to a file out of the registry so that the registry did not look for it at boot and give me an error message that could be clicked away and not cause any real problems . If you are proactive , rather than reactive as I am , and install NIS 07 prior to having any issues , you wo n't have to deal with the registry.I did not buy NIS 07 to websit the kiddos , I have dedicated software for that . I bought it for its main strengths - firewall , spyware blocker , adware blocker and virus protection . To me those are the tough issues and NIS 07 handles them well.Based on my experience , I recomemnd the product . If I had not had to do the registry clean-up , I would have given it a 5 star rating .
 I found the item exactly as described . Installation problems were minimal , easily resolved , and the results were sucessful . I have had good results with all Norton products I have used over the years.LarryWB
 I replaced a combination of Spysweeper and the older Norton Internet Security with the new version , and I seem to be getting a performance improvement . So far , everything seems to be working slightly quicker .
 I have used this product for the last several years and it continues to work well .
 It is OK and not much better than last year one . Norton 's support is so so . There are better ones . I bought it because i have three computers to have protection.If I had more time to research , I would not buy.But it serves the purpose .
 I have been using Norton antivirus/internet security since I had my first computer at 1998 . I rarely had any problem with it . This year I wanted to try other companys -LRB- zone alarm , McAfee -RRB- , but they all froze my internet connection . McAfee is definitely has problems as you can see the reviews for it . Zonealarm free vesion was working fine on my laptop but I changed to NIS as well . I think overall , Norton internet security does what it is supposed to do . I wish it had wireless security as well -LRB- McAffe wireless home security is what I am using for that purpose , and is working great -RRB- . I give it 4 stars as it lacks wireless security . 3PC version , antivirus , antispyware and firewall makes it a nice and complete working package .
 Just want to add if you are updating from a previous Norton , this software is quick and easy . Took only a couple of minutes with no interuption after downloading to run smooth and effortlessly on my computer . It was a relief .
 I have been using Norton Antivirus/Internet Security for years but this go around I noticed something missing ... Norton Anti-Spam . Since I consider this an important component I wrote to Norton -LRB- Symantec -RRB- and complained . Seems they just left it off -LRB- or maybe did n't have disk space -RRB- so they make it available as an `` add on '' patch . I downloaded the patch and my Anti Spam folder is no longer lonely .
 I have been using Norton products for many years . Most recent is Norton Systemworks Premier 2006 . I like some of NSW 's utilities , especially Ghost for disc imaging . The most important was NAV . At the same time , I also used a couple of other free utilities for protection
 There is not much to say . . I got my order on time and Norton Internet Security Suite 2007 is good program .
 I have been a Norton user for several years . In 2005 and 2006 it became a resource hog and I switched . The 2007 and now the 2008 are great , light on the resources and they do n't bother you with constant alerts . In my office we are all Norton , it works well at home and on a small business network .
 I KEEP COMMING BACK TO NORTON , THEY NOW HAVE SIGN ON -LCB- AUTO -RCB- . THEY HAVE TAKEN CARE OF ME .
 I ` mnot a computer guy - I 'm an outdoor guy but I do not like to have my computers screwed up with viruses and the like . This software was so easy to install , setup and run . A child could do it ... ok a grandmother could do it . I have not had any problems with any of my computers since this software was installed .
 I think this is one of the better Security suites Symantec has produced.The only downfall is the 3 user license . They go quickly . If you need to re-load for example on the same machine as I did when upgrading to Windows Vista , that counted as 2 , and had it loaded on my laptop . If you encounter a problem and need to re-load again . Your out of luck . This info is kept in your personal user account at their website . So each time you load the software it registers the usage .
 This product as far as I know is working great . I only use Norton 's internet Security for my computer . .
 Great value ... easy to install . works a little too well and slows computer .
 Please with the program and operation.A little different from the 2005 version I was using
 Norton Internet Security works very well ; however , it does slow down the performance of the computer . I am willing to accept this because of the performance of the software
 I am happy with the product . It protects the computer like it is supposed to
 NIS 2007 is vista compatible , & it works good-as-ever , just like the 1 that came before it -LRB- 2006 nis -RRB- . I would definitely recommend it .
 I have had Norton internet security before and keep buying it every year . I do n't really like the price at many stores . I shopped around and found it here at Amazon.com with this seller that was selling it really cheap and it was in new condition ! I expected to receive a beat up box , even open , but no , It was unused . Wow ! I recommend this seller for their fast , prompt service and product at a real low price . Thanks !!
 A great product at a great price . I loaded the software on my two desktops and laptop computers upon receipt . I have been using this brand for a number of years , and have more confidence in this computer security software than any other brand .
 After reading several other reviews on this product , I was hesitant to order it . However , I have always used Norton Products on all of my computers with very little difficulties over the years.Not sure what the problems were with those who gave it such a bad review , however , it has worked perfectly since I first installed it several months ago.One thing I noticed from those who gave it a bad review was that they were using windows 2000 or older . I am using Microsoft Windows XP without any complications installing or using the program.Remember to follow the instructions in the manual when installing , specifically uninstall any previous versions .
 The software is as good as always . I was very happy to see that Symantic finally came out with a multiple computer version for those of us who have more than one computer in the house .
 I was very happy with your service and also found the product to be just fine .
 I order from Amazon.com because I do not have to worry about the intergriety of the product or service rendered .
 I have not installed it yet but I have been told that it is better than the virus protection I last used and it is due to expire the end of March therefore I will have the computer double checked before I have it installed then and then it will be installed . I think the fact that they allow 3 users is great as this type of product can be very costly when you have to buy it every year for every machine your family has .
 I have been using this program for 1 month on a year-old HP laptop and a 5-year old Gateway PC.The program works well on both computers , although complete scans take 30 minutes or longer on the 120GB PC hard drive.Updating virus definitions and all other security components is easy and straight forward.There was no problem installing the software on the HP laptop and it automatically replaced the Norton Internet Seccurity Suite 2006 already on the computer.I had great difficulty successfully installing this software on the older PC , which was running Norton Inernet Security 2004 and some other older symantec software . I had to first remove the older version of Internet Security , remove all the other older symantec software , and then run Symantec 's online removal tool . It took me several hours , and research at the Symantec website , to figure out why the software was not installing properly and what had to be done to successfully install it .
 When I purchased NIS 2007 from Amazon , there were not this many negative reviews . After installing and using it for a week now , I wonder if all of us are using the same product or not ! If has worked fine for me so far . Infact , in some aspects better than NIS 2006 . Installation
 2007 does not include spam filtering as previous years did . I did not notice this until after installation . However , in most other ways it appears to be at least as good as previous versions . The more advanced management of what 's going on -LRB- i.e. , prompt me for what I want to allow -RRB- is streamlined from before -- so far , for me , it is less intuitive to maintain the same level of control without going crazy . As most years , the main reason to buy it is to extend your subscription . And , as most years , try to make sure you get one or more rebates at the same time .
 I trust Norton and Symantec with all of my Internet Security and have done so for many years now . With the live update feature , it automatically updates the virus protection and firewall as well as keep things secure . I feel very protected while online with this product
 Good product with an easy install . Make sure you remove prior versions of NIS before you install this one as it will probably fail .
 I have now purchased two 3 user packs . On each occasion , I have had to uninstall and reinstall the package just to get it going . Sometimes this requires patience and dead time . On an older machine , its function can bog down the computer . But , overall , I am pleased .
 Internet Security Suite is really a good product , overall . I 've trusted Norton/Symantec for years and will continue to do so.The only concern is that , for some unknown reason , the product developers removed the Spam email function . Last year 's version included it , which made it much easier to help rid your inbox of unwanted UCE.To resolve this problem , Norton has created a plug-in to add the spam filter to Outlook Express . Download and install it ! It 's worth it.Best .
 The 2007 version of Norton 's Internet Security Suite has several new innovations that previous models of this software did n't include , and these new functions certainly improve the program 's performance and functionality.I would recommend this software to anyone who has more than one computer , either networked , or individually connected to the Internet .
 Excellent product ! No problems with the installation or use afterwards . Much better product than McAfee .
 This latest version of NIS 2007 was improved from the previous version through the installation process . This time there were no issues with it maintaining the name of my network and the computer names and IP addresses that are legimate on the network . However , there was a problem with some features that caused me to contact Symantec and they quickly provided a response telling me I had to download an updated version that could not be handled via `` Live Update '' . This corrected the problems I had . The only other issue is that upon install , the latest version still does not give you credit for the number of days of your subscription that are still available from your previous version . So to make sure you get your full year of coverage , you need to wait until the last day or 2 of your subscription before you upgrade .
 This suite has really good junk email filtering , and as always no problems with viruses . This version is not nearly as big a hit on performance as past versions of Norton products . I 'll stay with it for awhile . The reminders to run a system scan are very annoying and ca n't be turned off . The worst part is that the system scan takes a long time , so I finally set it up as a scheduled task in the night . So far , so good .
 I 'm not sure what went wrong with the other reviewer 's installation ; but I had absolutely NO problem . It installed right over my 2006 version -LRB- which was more expensive to continue the subscription than it was to upgrade to the new program -RRB- . I 've been using Symantec 's software for some time and have had very few problems with it over the years . I highly suggest that you use this program .
 I just uninstalled NIS 2006 from this system , installed a Trial of CA Internet Security which was poor & then Uninstalled it . Then I got the NIS 2007 Trial and put it in ALL without One problem and the Norton is Excellent!ALL Problems from 2006 have been fixed and it 's Much more comprehensive but still Very easy to use and configure IF you 've got intermediate skills.All I can say is Buy It , and if you have ANY install problems reinstall a clean version of WINXP since yours is definately corrupted . Number One problem that most people have is that besides having too much garbage software . Always use 1gig of Memory minimum too .
 Norton is a very good internet protector . I upgrade every year to be well covered .
 A 1-month trial version of this came with my new Dell PC -LRB- Windows Vista and Core 2 Duo -RRB- . It was a better deal to purchase a complete copy of this software than simply upgrading the subscription that came with the PC because the complete version allows installation on up to three PCs . With the two mail-in rebates , it was a no-brainer . -LRB- The rebates did not apply to upgrading the version shipped with my PC . -RRB- I have not noticed any sluggish behavior so far . It installed perfectly over the trial version .
 I 've used norton products since 2000 . I 've still got the antivirus CD . I love their products . They get better every year . This product is great because of the small network in my house . Each computer is protected with no instance of computers or network slowing down . Thanks Norton !!!
 I have been a long time user of Norton products . Though I do n't recommend their system mechanic software , their Antivirus and Firewall software has usually been consistently good . However with the 2005 and with the 2006 versions there was a noticeable drag on system performance . And the price for renewing a subscription or purchasing for two household computers was too pricey for my tastes . So I tried Zone Alarm 6 and then renewed with Zone Alarm 7 which I have also reviewed on Amazon . There were problems with Zone Alarm 7 which I was unable to resolve even searching their forums . So I checked out Norton . For a very reasonable price I could purchase a three computer license and downloaded the sofware from Norton 's site . It was very easy to install . Unlike previous versions of Norton , the Live Update worked reliably and quite well . I have been quite pleased with the minimal impact on system performance which is close to or exceeds Zone Alarm 6 and certainly 7 . Namely , there is a faster bootup time and less drag as I am working on my computer including intensive tasks such as music production or photography . The antivirus and antispyware scanning did take much longer than Zone Alarm but this can always be scheduled as an overnight task . The interface of Norton has changed a little bit and is somewhat more user friendly . Norton also addedd an antifraud toolbar to my Internet Explorer 7 presumably to fish out phishing . Other than the long scanning time , the only other downside I noticed is that other than purchasing a DVD or the extended download plan there was n't anyway for me to back up the purchased software myself . My overall take on this is that Norton has listened to user complaints regarding system performance impact , reliability of Live Update and several other issues . It is well designed and professionally packaged piece of software .
 I 've installed this on two computers and have had no difficulty . Previously , with Earthlink Proection Control Center , I would get the dreaded `` blue screen '' every week or so . Now , as noted above , no difficulty.Highly recommend this to all computer users .
 I had to purchase this book while on a trip to the usa , as i am an act 2007 user based in the uk and sage do not supply this book here !! its a real shame because this book has saved me hours of time customising act 2007 which is an upgrade my old version act 6 ... . if you are an act 2007 user i highly reccomend this book ! amazon please note , why wont you ship this book to the uk ??? surely alot of british people would buy this book from you as sage uk dont supply anything here !
 I have used MacDraft for 15 years and recently up-graded to MacDraft PE . The software is very easy to use and meets my needs for quick concept develpment for a wide spectrum of woodworking needs , including furniture design , remodeling options and wood turning concepts .
 This is a very good drawing program for the home or small business market.MacWorld Magazine gives this product 4 1/2 starsFollowing is their review : MacDraft PE -LRB- Personal Edition -RRB- 5.5 is a slightly scaled-down version of Microspot 's well-known MacDraft , a 2-D CAD -LRB- computer-aided design -RRB- application for creating floor plans , architectural and landscape drawings , technical illustrations , and flowcharts . This version is aimed at the home , small-business , and education markets.MacDraft PE includes nearly all the features of its more powerful sibling , such as drafting tools for lines , fills , dimensions , and more . And with a conceptual lineage that goes back to the original MacPaint and MacDraw , MacDraft has a familiar Mac interface that is very easy to learn and fun to use.MacDraft PE 5.5 has a familiar user interface that makes the program easy to learn.Attributes such as line weights , line styles , fill patterns , and line and fill colors can be easily viewed and changed via the Attributes and Resize palettes . You can also set an overall scale -LRB- choosing from 25 standard scales -RRB- and use European or American units of measurement.MacDraft PE also lets you create and edit your own fill patterns , as large as 32 by 32 pixels ; this facilitates more-complex and more-detailed designs.But this version has limits . The maximum physical page size is only 17 by 17 inches -LRB- though that does n't limit the size of your drawings -RRB- . The consumer version also does n't support layers , which professionals need so they can show and hide different parts of complex drawings.Better-Looking DrawingsQuartz Graphics -- the name refers to the high-quality native graphics engine in OS X -- is a new feature for MacDraft PE , and it 's unusual even in more-expensive CAD programs . It provides higher-quality on-screen graphics , resulting in better differentiation between various line weights , for example . In addition , this version has a transparency feature for lines , fills , and other objects , and you can control the level of transparency -- from 0 to 100 percent . This makes it possible for multiple overlapping objects to be visible at the same time . Another new feature is ATSUI -LRB- Apple Type Services for Unicode Imaging -RRB- text . This makes text look terrific on screen no matter what its rotation is.Graphics Import and ExportVersion 5.5 lets you import graphics file formats such as PICT , TIFF , GIF , JPEG , BMP , Photoshop , and PDF . Imported images can be rotated and scaled and can have various levels of transparency applied to them . Drawings can be exported in formats such as PICT , TIFF , JPEG , Photoshop , and PDF . However , you ca n't import or export the architectural and engineering industry-standard formats DWG and DXF . To work with these formats , you need the professional version of MacDraft.And MacDraft PE now lets you undo your last 100 actions -- an essential feature when you 're working on a complex technical drawing.Macworld 's Buying AdviceMacDraft PE 5.5 is a complete drafting tool for anyone who creates architectural drawings , technical illustrations , and landscape designs . But if you 're a professional , you should be aware of the product 's limitations
 I had given up looking for a replacement for Claris Cadd after it was discontinued in the early 90 's . MacDraft PE is as good or better than Claris Cadd . I think it is a must have for any Mac user .
 I have been using MacDraft in one form or another for at least 15 years . I have upgraded when the older version would no longer work on my current operating system . I have found it to be a well conceived and executed program , simple to use but of great power . I can recommend this program to everyone who needs to do dimensioned drawings but does not need the power or expense of a full CAD program . You ca n't go wrong with MacDraft PE .
 As a working engineer who needs to draw technical sketches , perform geometry calculations and produce professional reports and presentations , I have been looking for the ultimate technical drawing package for 15 years . Having bought and tried over 14 other drawing packages over the years - Corel Technical Designer 12 is the ultimate package . It is easy to use , fast , flexible and accurate , with a wealth of features . It has everything for the occasional user or for the dedicated technical drawing professional , illustrator , student or engineer . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 I have found that this seller is fantastic - he moved the product out quickly and I got what I purchasedWindows 2000 Small Business Server has everything need in one package - even though it is no longerserviced by Microsoft - all the updates are still available - and the system works flawlessly.integration of all components are fantastic and active directory is great to implement.I love this product . What else can I say.Microsoft Small Business Server 2000
 I am an entrepreneur with a small business employing 8 persons . I have some basic knowledge of IT and have recently purchased an SBS 2000 with my HP server . I was really astonished with the ease I had installed and configured the server . Also the management of the system is very simple through the management console.I really recomend this software to all small businesses who can not afford the cost of a fulltime IT engineers to manage its system .
 This offers great pictures and sound recordings and all kinds of info on many birds but it 's a bit limited for identification . Several categories are available for grouping traits but the searches have n't been very successful for me . If you know what bird you want to find it 's a great program . One note ; you must load the program under the `` custom '' format , or it wo n't load all of the data and you 'll have to insert the disc every time .
 It was pretty good ... I cou ` d n't figue out how to do it but i did it ... * sobs * Anyway , i liked it ! : -RRB-
 The 2CD box set is a good deal given the price of the individual CDs . The toddler CD seems to be perfect for my 25 month old and teaches him computer and mouse use skills in addition to the skills the software presents . The Preschool CD that is also in the pack seems to be a bit of a jump from the Toddler CD , though , requiring a leap in dexterity , cognitive ability and focus . But maybe I 'm just trying it out too soon.One thing to be aware of , the Toddler CD does not work on 64 bit systems . I have it running on a 32 bit Vista system though .
 This has loads of things for 2 year and up toddlers to explore . Good for teaching use of mouse , and hand eye coordination , and reasoning skills .
 My older children had this game when they were little , and it 's even better now - my toddler loves it .
 This is a good educational tool for your toddler . Very easy to use . Only problem I have is that the controls are sensitive . We can be in the middle of the game and if your child is a novice mouse user - you can easily sign off the game . Other than this problem , good educational toy .
 My twin 4-year-olds started out at age 2 with this product and they have loved it . It 's simple enough for younger toddlers but still entertaining enough for 4-year-olds though I think they are really starting to outgrow it now . We have n't had any problems with it and the graphics and sound are good quality . I run it on Windows XP just fine .
 My 2 yr old desperately wants to play on the computer , but she needs to learn mouse control -LRB- before we even begin to worry about clicking -RRB- . This program is a great tool for that.Within 20 minutes , she 's 100 % better . Plus , the games are very well done and entertaining for her.We got her the Comfy keyboard a while back , and never even bought additional software , because the introductory program was not well done -LRB- and was actually quite creepy . -RRB- At any rate , I got her a low-end Compaq pc -LRB- so she would n't wreck mine or her dad 's -RRB- and a Kidzmouse -LRB- definitely recommended ! -RRB- Along with this software , we 've got a perfect system for her to learn . I already plan to get additional Reader Rabbit software as she grows .
 This is an ancient version , and even though it says it is compatible with Vista , they are referring to the original Vista which did not stay around very long . We had to find an ancient PC to run it ... but that said , our 2-1/2 year old loves it ! He turns the computer on by himself , starts the program , and plays it on his own for a reasonable period of time -LRB- great for us in the midst of a frigid winter ! -RRB- . There is a great compatibility checker at selectsoft.com -LRB- PC , search for product name -RRB- . Check your PC by going to Computer - System Properties . If you order an incompatible product , you are on your own regardless of `` bad '' info on the product . -LRB- sad face -RRB-
 We 've purchased the Toddler version in the past and loved it because it is so easy for young children to play and learn . This version includes Reader Rabbit Baby too - which is a nice addition because it gives more activities for my little ones .
 The Product came very quickly , just a few days . The CD seemed a little scratched and the description showed `` like New '' , but the program works fine so I 'm not concerned . The price was right .
 We purchased the 2 cd set for our 22 month old daughter . I ca n't give a higher review because an error was made in shipping and we only received Playtime for Baby & Toddler.She enjoyed it from the first day , but it took a while for her to understand that the mouse moves the picture on the screen . When it clicked , she was hooked . It is an interactive way to teach a toddler how to use the mouse and she loves playing the games over and over again . She is instantly rewarded with songs and animation.Highly recommended for a first computer experience .
 I bought this program for our 18 month old who loves the baby selection and found out our 4 year old loves playing with the toddler selection ! They both love the content . It can be a little slow to load and the graphics are basic but fine for that age range .
 I am a professional web designer and I have used many video and animation software products costing hundreds of dollars . I needed to find something for my mom who is very new at this type of stuff . I certainly could n't expect her to learn any programs like Flash or Premier -LRB- or afford them -RRB- , so after some digging , I came across MovieWorks.This product is just as it advertises . My mom was able to put together some simple QuickTime movies after going through the tutorials . It was a breeze for her.For the money , this is a great buy for a family or small business . Highly recommended .
 The camera is good for first time digital users the piturce quality needs improvement but its workable and for the price the software alone is a deal . The camera has two resolution setting with 600 x 800 for 8 pictures and 400 x 600 for 28 picture the r1 and r2 setting and ytou have to careful not to hit Clr on the menu since it will erase you pictures . The rubberize grip feels great and the thunb rest is a grest idea . The self-timer is a pain so I turn mines off but I guess it to taste how to set up the camera . All so you can add a MultiMedia Memory Card to expand you picture capabilty . Currently I have a SanDisk 8 mb card in and can take over 80 pictures regularally . I had a problem using the serial cable with my laptop but the USB cable works great and the software works with my more other digtal cameras as well .
 I would have to say the JamCam3 .0 is the best camera for its price it takes great pictures . The JamCam 3.0 comes with great software where you can add different things to you pictures . I would recommend this camera to any of my friends and family so I hope you pick this camera as your choice !
 If you are thinking about a digital camera for your child , this is it ! My 10 year old daughter has the blue version of this one . She loves it ! It is fairly simple to download on your computer with the inclosed disc . The camera itself takes one 9 volt battery . There are two cables to connect to the computer , a USB and Serial . You have to plug one or the other in . You just need to read the directions in the booklet , which are very simple to understand . Before you know it you can download your pictures ! Taking pictures with this camera is just as easy as a regular camera , just point and shoot ! It will hold 8 pictures . You can also buy a Multimedia card , not included , to hold more pictures . I recommend getting the card if your child is a shutterbug ! After you take your 8 pictures you can go to their website and enter your pictures at their site and send them to friends and family . You can even get free `` real '' pictures from them just by signing up . You can have different size pictures made from your downloads . You can make cards and card holders too , at their website . It is very , very fun . It is a wonderful way for your child to send pictures to their loved ones . You can print your pictures from your own printer . The pictures come out pretty good ! You can also crop , border , take red eye out , and do other special effects with this camera . It is well worth every penny . There is so much to do with this camera and we just have gotten into the small fracture of what you can do with it . It is really amazing !
 I bought the datapilot universal pro kit recently and it worked great ! My screen broke on my nokia 6102 , and i ended up buying a razor . I had some really important numbers on that phone and this program really saved me . Transferred all my numbers from my broken one into my new razor in a couple of minutes . Also , the image editor and the ringtone thingy came in very useful for saving images and sending mp3s to my phone .
 I recently switched from a `` smart '' phone to a `` dumb '' phone as I did n't want to pay the monthly fee for internet service on the smart phone when I really do n't need it . The Verizon store implemented `` My Backup Assistant '' to transfer between the phones , but it only transferred part of the info from contacts and none of my appointments . I dreaded the thoughts of manually transferring over 600 contacts and hundreds of calender appointments , so , in a quest for help , I found DataPilot.I bought the software before reading the reviews ... good thing , because I probably would n't have ordered it . To my delight , the software worked , albeit quirky . I have a new model phone -LRB- LG VX11000-Verizon Touch -RRB- . DataPilot 's web site said that the phone was supported . However , the install cd was outdated -LRB- it appears by several generations of phones -RRB- . But , I clicked the update button on the software and it downloaded the updates seemlessly and the rest of the install was a breeze.The software is quirky because there 's very little instruction . As an example , when I went to the screen to transfer my Outlook to my phone , I was supposed to know to import the Outlook first to the DataPilot and then transfer to the phone . I do n't regularly do this type of thing , but it was fairly easy for me to muddle through it . It would have been nice if this was done via software or at least explained.All in all , it worked and worked well for me . Just be prepared for some thinking and work to get it to function properly
 Worked great for older phones , Worked great for older phones . Thie Worked great for older phones . Worked great for older phones . Worked great for older phones.Worked great for older phones . Worked great for older phones . Worked great for older phones.Worked great for older phones.Worked great for older phones .
 does an excellent job in transfering information from a varity of differnet cell phones to your PC or MAC for backup and transfering
 Complete with all the cables that you need . Software GUI is easy to use . All my phone numbers are now backed up and this even downloaded the pictures from one of my phones .
 I was very skeptical after reading the other reviews . I got this yesterday and have already backed up the address books from 4 different brand phones including a Motorola E815 which had both screens quit working . I was able to download all the photos and videos with no problems whatsoever . I am more than happy with this product and highly recommend it . It has worked flawlessly . I would 've bought this years ago if I 'd have known how good it actually is .
 Unlike SAS ' STATVIEW , which is for general statistical analysis for a number of business and technical disciplines , this application is focused on operations analysis , statistical process control and design of experiments.What makes this an ` industrial-strength ' tool is the fact that it works with mainstream applications , such as Microsoft Excel -LRB- open tables can directly access Excel files -RRB- , and with any database that can be accessed via ODBC -LRB- MS Access , Oracle , SQL Server , etc. -RRB- . Further ease of use is provided by the column browser that combines a familiar spreadsheet view with powerful navigation capabilities . Additional flexibility is given by extensive reporting features -LRB- easy layout , save as HTML for web publishing , and editing data while in the report function -RRB- . If you want to automate repetitive tasks JMP also includes a scripting language that is reasonably easy to learn and is integrated with the formula editor.One of the more powerful functions is design of experiments , which sets this application apart from general statistics programs - if you use DOE or Taguchi methods then you have ample justification for investing in JMP because you 're be significantly more productive.In addition to DOE/Taguchi methods JMP does descriptive statistics -LRB- eliminating the need for a separate statistics program -RRB- , linear models , correlations and multivariate computations , statistical process control charts , and time series analysis . These capabilities make it ideal for anyone involved with quality assurance , R&D , operations analysis and reliability modeling . This is a professional tool that will save more time than more general packages such as the company 's other product , STATVIEW , or applications such as MathCAD .
 The previous version of McAfee 's Antispyware relied mostly on an antispyware definition database with active real time protection and did not include tracking cookie blocking . This new version 2.x is a quantum leap in antispyware protection . McAfee has not only improved its definition database and now included tracking cookie detection and active spyware blocking but it now monitors and blocks malicious changes to your Windows internet and system settings . These new monitoring capabilities have put McAfee on par with the best of the major antispyware products such as those offered by Webroot and ZoneAlarm . The McAfee interface has been changed also and it now is similar to the look and feel of the more recent version of the McAfee VirusScan program . If you do n't like that McAfee interface or McAfee 's attempt at installing its Security Center program then this Antispyware program may not be for you . However for most computer users this program is highly effective at blocking and removing most spyware , adware , and tracking cookie privacy threats.Beyond using a good antivirus program the key to protecting your computer in an age of spyware threats is to use more than one program for security redundancy . Ideally you should be using at least one or two different paid for programs and one or more free programs to prevent spyware from invading your system . The best of the paid for programs is Webroot Spy Sweeper . If you are already using McAfee VirusScan version 10 then you already have the same McAfee antispyware detection database and you add redundancy by adding Webroot 's excellent antispyware database while also getting Webroot 's version of its Windows system and internet settings monitoring capabilities . If you are a fan of McAfee interface then adding McAfee Antispyware version 2.x to the VirusScan 10 program will still enhance your system security but you will not gain the same security advantage by simply using Webroot Spy Sweeper 4.5 or another major paid for program instead . I also recommend using the free Microsoft Antispyware beta no matter what you decide . The free to download Spybot S&D ; and Spywareblaster are also excellent free programs but should be used in combination with an active antispyware protection program such as McAfee 's or Webroot 's . One more program worthy of mentioning is ZoneAlarm Pro version 6.x . The new versions of ZoneAlarm Pro add antivirus and antispyware features integrated with the best software firewall available . Although it has great monitoring and triple firewall blocking capabilities ZoneAlarm Pro 's antispyware active detection database is sub par as a stand alone antispyware scanning solution and configuring the ZoneAlarm Pro firewall settings can be a challenge for novice computer users . Some recent releases of ZAP 6.x have had some problems while others work great . More recently I like ZAP version 6.0.667 while not liking version 6.1.737 but results may differ and it depends on the software configuration of each individual computer system.PROS
 I do n't know how long Rebirth has already been out there . Steinberg published it long time ago for the professional musician and it came with a hefty price tag -LRB- around 180 $ -RRB- . Now obviously data becker purchased the rights to distribute this little wonder of software programming and sells it for the consumer market at a much lower price . As said , the software is classic and nearly faultless
 Great program but the fact that you ca n't lock the toolbar into place leads to major amounts of time wasted . Homesite kind of peaked at version 3 when it was run by Alaire .
 I had just started to learn HTML when I tried HomeSite4 via a free trial on the CD that came with a book -LRB- the BOOK had errors , so I wo n't recommend the book ! -RRB- , and I loved it ! First , it was easy to use without a manual , because I looked at the help files first and they ARE a manual . I learned about a lot of advanced features that I would have discovered sooner or later . I upgraded to 5.0 now , and there is no learning transition . The only difference is instead of remembering a shortcut key to show the browser view , there is a tab always there to toggle between it and code view , and this is much quicker.The 2nd BEST feature is the ability to customize the way HomeSite behaves . 1 -RRB- You can turn `` Tag Completion '' on and off . Tag Completion inserts end tags when you type the start tags . 2 -RRB- THE BEST feature is you can customize Tag Completion to complete ONLY THE TAGS YOU WANT IT TO . 3 -RRB- Color-coding and indenting of tags makes your code easy to read quickly . This is also customizable . 4 -RRB- The files view on the left show the folders and files on your computer , so you can work with files from different folders open . 5 -RRB- HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF BOOKMARKING A HELP MENU ? You can ! Wow ! 6 -RRB- You can turn the `` gutter '' in your work area on and off , and decide if you want it to wrap in the view -LRB- does n't change your actual code -RRB- , show the REAL line numbers -LRB- when the validator shows an error , you can see EXACTLY where it is ! -RRB- , make jump-to bookmarks to easily jump to sections of code , etc. 7 -RRB- HAVE YOU EVER HEARD OF ADDING YOUR OWN FILES TO A HELP MENU ? It was not easy , and besides the instructions I had to guess a little -LRB- which is unusual for HomeSite -RRB- , but I added some pages about websites I had found on line , as well as a basic webpage I made with some notes . 8 -RRB- YOU CAN CREATE YOUR OWN CODE SNIPPETS ! This is great for me , since in one of my website 's highly formatted sections I repeat blocks of code over and over , but not in the same order or number , so templates would n't help . You can create `` snippets '' , or blocks of code , and assign your own shortcut to them , as well as a name by which it will be `` bookmarked '' , in case you forget the shortcut and need to copy and paste quickly . 9 -RRB- They include common tag shortcuts for HTML , javascript , and the list goes on . You can also decide which toolbars are visible , and even CUSTOMIZE the shorcut buttons that appear on them ... I had problems with my computer when customizing the shortcut buttons , though ... but then I had 4.0 and Windows ME , so I dont ' know which was causing the problem ... hmm , maybe it 's time to try that again -LRB- now I have XP -RRB- ! 10 -RRB- The code validator is wonderful and easy to understand . 11 -RRB- You can click-and-insert non-alphanumeric characters -LRB- such as the trademark symbol , angle brackets , etc. -RRB- with your mouse if you do n't want to remember the HTML code for them . 12 -RRB- Though HomeSite does n't work with images except to display them in your webpage in the browser view , you CAN right-click on the image name in the file view in the left and get the properties for it , which is great when you want your PROPER code to have the height and width , which makes your pages load faster.HomeSite 5.0 is the best software I have ever bought !
 This product is often overlooked with the myriad of WYSIWYG visual HTML editors out in the market . Homesite 5.0 is targeted for people who type HTML code by hand or are programmers.Highlights :1 -RRB- Code Insight
 Homesite is widely recognized as `` the '' premier tool for coding HTML , client side , and server side code by hand . Adding it to your resume wo n't land you a job , but it will certainly boost your chances of getting an interview because it indicates that you are not a cheap , WYSIWYG junkie.One of the things I like best about Homesite 5 is the adaptability it allows when coding in ASP.NET . I was able to find a plug-in , which when added to Homesite , recognized the . NET tags and colors them accordingly . There are similar plug-ins for just about every language out there.If you are unfamiliar with HomeSite , are considering a purchase , but are not sure it 's the right tool for you , here 's a very brief description on how it works
 When starting a new web site , it 's nice to whip out a page without worrying about the code . That way you do n't lose your train of thought . However , as good as Dreamweaver is , I 'm less than impressed with the way it writes code.That 's when you NEED Homesite . With Homesite has plenty of useful tools to help you tweak the code and make the code `` look pretty '' . This program is a MUST for your web page arsenal .
 This product is the only way to write HTML code in a Windows Environment . It offers excellent wizards for tables , forms , etc. . It will easily validate your links , check spelling for content , and convert all tags to uppercase or lowercase . You can easily reset a page for XHTML or HTML . Its drag and drop capability is superb.This product give you some terrific timsavers in creating code without any unwanted extra code .
 For many who like writing HTML/XHTML code , Homesite holds a special place in the heart . It just feels so right and is addictive.The tool can be extended , and the extensions use script which makes the development cycle dead easy.Support from MacroMedia has not been good . Now Adobe is in the process of buying Macromodia -LRB- as on 2005-04-19 -RRB- so who knows where it all goes . Saying that people who like this product still like it and prefer it . If it fits you do n't need support . You just run it day after day and it works great . -LRB- There are alternatives emerging after all these years but none quite do it yet . CSE and TopStyle are two that are coming along . -RRB- For some it almost seems perfect , for WYSIWYG oriented people , it might be best not to even look at it .
 For those who prefer to go the slim route Macromedia now brings it 's visual design influence to a hand coders dream . The improved design interface and addtion of new tools makes 5.0 a nice improvement . Fetures suchs as XHTML Support , Secondary Files tab , Auto Backup as well as serious improvment in validation -LRB- HTML , XHTML , CFML , JSP and SMIL -RRB- . A nice start to a new marriage of two great 's , absolutely can not beat the upgrade price !
 I have a full time job and a family , in addition to the web page I manage . Having helpful tools makes my life easier.After downloading HomeSite 5 , I set the program up and went to work . The first thing I did was to bring up a document and validate the code . I fixed the errors . There is something called `` CodeSweep '' . This arrainges the code so it is easier to follow . I can check for broken links.HomeSite has been on my computer for a week . In that time , I 've checked and updated the code on about 50 pages . And , also , my site index is HTML 4.01 validated , with the rest of the site to follow.What HomeSite has given me is time . I 've wanted something to help with my site management . With DreamWeaver , you ca n't beat it !
 I actually owned a copy of this until recently when I lost it in a move . No , it 's not very good for a beginner , but anyone that has any idea about anything `` sound '' would love this package . I am searching very very hard for another copy to no avail .
 So , you work in a PC-laden office and you use a Mac.You know you have files that can be placed on a PC , or you need to retrieve files others have left for you on a PC network . What do you do ? Enter DAVE . DAVE adds Netbios to Mac OS 9 . This means you can now talk to PC-based file servers from your Mac and no one needs to know you 're using a Mac . DAVE works with the Chooser , or you can use the DAVE application , if you are feeling brave.DAVE even stores the resource forks so you can execute applications that have been saved to a PC . -LRB- FTP ca n't do that . -RRB- DAVE is a seamless integration on the Mac . It allows you to share files and PostScript printers . You can even allow your PC buddies to use your Mac PostScript printers . It works remarkably well and sets up in a flash . Once you mount a PC file service , it looks and behaves like a Mac volume . Very impressive.If price is an issue though , you may want to consider Connectix Double Talk , instead . It has similar functionality at a lower cost . DAVE is now available for OS X , but I have not had the opportunity to try that yet .
 I used my PC and my Mac extensively and for awhile I have been copying files from my zip disk via Mac to my PC and vice versa and with the 250mb zip drives reading 100 disks so slow , I dreamed of what if I could network my Mac G4 via OS X to my PC.Well , Dave 3.1 is the ONLY software out for MAC OS X at this present time and I do n't know how grateful I am for this software . If you you use a Mac and a PC and are in need of file sharing or networking between the two different platforms , simply there is literally no software that is out right now that is more convenient than Dave 3.1 . It 's easy , it 's fast and pretty much you install the software and from there it 's a breeze ! I was transferring files from my Mac to my PC and vice versa quickly.Especially beneficial if you are doing huge file transfers ! What a life and time saver ! I give it a 4 -LRB- actually a 4.5 -RRB- , I do think it maybe a bit costly to some but still , it 's worth it !
 I have been using Complete Home Designer 4.0 and decided to upgrade to 5.0 a few months ago , and I am not disappointed ! First of all , do n't expect a no-brainer interface and do n't think that an architect will necessarily be able to build what you 've designed . This software is less about structural design -LRB- there are n't that many low-price programs that can handle that aspect -RRB- than it is about visualization . If you want to see your designs beautifully rendered , this is the program to use . Shadows and lighting are rendered very realistically and you can simulate light conditions of virtually any time of day as well as choose geographic locations . The new structural features in this version include polygonal free roof design - where there is virtually no limit to the complex roofs you can design , and a customized window designer . These , to me , are the two biggest advantages over the previous version . Whereas most home design software available is limited to three floors , Complete Home Designer 5.0 gives you up to ten , so you can design your dream apartment house if you want ! There is a large library of furnishings and details you can add to your design and some additional objects are available for download on the Internet . As I intimated in the title , there are a few quirks in the program . The parent program on which this is based originated in Germany , so you will find some pop-up windows and menu items are labeled in German and not in English ! This is odd but does n't really interfere with the program itself . Also , the program crashes occasionally . This too is annoying but the program is set to automatically backup whatever you 're working on every minute or so , so you can usually recover your file and pick up where you left off . If you want to have fun designing buildings as a hobby or want to get a great visual preview of a house project before consulting an architect and do n't mind a somewhat steep learning curve , I would recommend this program .
 I agree with 99 % of Luis 's review . Yes , it crashes a lot . Yes the tech support is near zero . No online community to share files with . Undersold its own best features even . But ... since I discovered the 4.0 version 7 years ago , this amature hobby 3D home builder churned out more than 100 house design on my home pcs , complete with landscaping , custom arched windows , and custom furnitures , odd shape roof etc. . Prior to that I have experimented with similar , more popular home building softwares and I do ' t read manuals . CHD is intuitive and feature packed - way ahead of overhyped Punch and even relatively reliable Broderbund . I never expected too much of a $ 50 product but not only it 's value for money , it was a DIY 3D architect tool way ahead of its time . You get to custom make simple furniture pieces with the included , handy o2C compression technology by Arcon , which alone costs probably 10 times or more in pro architect softwares . There 's also a publish to web template that spits out complete html files you can upload to show your house creation online or email to your contractors . The user interface , preview screen and real time drag and drop feel is unbeatable among it peers - EVEN TODAY . I did n't even think twice and bought the 5.0 as soon as it was launched 3 years ago . These harsh reviews and possibly unknown corporate issues did n't help furthur improvement and developement of this potential gem . What a waste . Today I still marvel at some of the CHD features . And since I upgraded to XP recently , I can no longer run this fav program of mine . CHD is doing so well in Germany they have the 6.0 version . I 'm now looking into the UK version 3D Home Designer by GSP , supposedly the 5.0 equivalent , which uses the same Arcon `` core engine '' and is XP compatible.Despite its shortcomings , I think CHD 5.0 deserves a 3.5 star . I give a 5-star to offset the effect .
 This is a dream piece of software . If an administrator has users that want to backup thier software and yet keep the amount of network traffic down -LRB- i.e. over the Internet -RRB- this software is the answer . I have seen 30 meg files that would normally have to be completely uploaded every day because the user is constantly using them only take about 5 seconds ... over the Internet . This software goes down to the binary level and takes only what changed in the software and adds that to the file on the server . Great software !! I highly recommend it .
 Enjoying the launcher and have tried many . Looks great and has very cool integration with some other products . Have had no problems with XP installation or Treo 300 installation .
 I have never been one to download `` skins '' to make my MP3 player look cooler . So it was surprising to me that I paid $ 19.99 for a skin like program from my Palm Pilot Tungsten E.To be fair , skins are the very least of what Silver Screen has to offer , but you can download dozens of free ones or pay $ 5 and download additional commercial ones . Since I do n't care about skins and use the default I will not be able to comment much on this subject.Why upgrade to Silver Screen1 -RRB- TickerThe ticker is programmable to display on you file pages two itemsTo do List and Date book -LRB- two lines that act as a reminder of what you have planed for today.You can have it turn on in the morning and see you day scroll past you .2 -RRB- Improved CategoriesInstead of a pull down menu to go from MAIN to SYSTEM , silver screen has big Amazon.com style TABS at the bottom of the page . Very niceAlso if you have an icon in the wrong category you can DRAG it to another tab -LRB- very very nice -RRB- All Palm users know what a pain the CATEGORY application on Palm is .3 -RRB- Recent Apps tabWe all use the same couple of programs the most so a recent apps is a useful feature , and its right there for you .4 -RRB- Battery management.Each skin has a different icon for the battery but they all let you tap them to charge the information you get . Battery icon is default followed by percentage followed by volts -LRB- I am currently at 3.9 V -RRB- followed by % of RAM left and then actual ram used.Then going back to default Battery icon .5 -RRB- TOOLSRemember how you could drag files into new categories ? Well you can also drag files in to the recycle bin.Or you can drag files to BEAM . No more going to send and searching for you program just drag and drop to the BEAM tool on the TOOL page and you are set .6 -RRB- another useful feature -LRB- not for me but for my brother -RRB- is the ability to key lock . He has the only Palm Pilot that did n't have Key Lock built into it , this software has a key lock feature , it also lets you soft-reset , power offWhile I would never pay $ 19.95 for a nice graphical interface , I have to admit I enjoy the nicer graphical interface , but it is the tools that make my palm pilot more functional and user to use that makes this program worth the price of installation.But do n't worry like all good software you do n't have to take my word for it , download it for free and take it for a 30 test drive , or better yet , have a friend beam it to you .
 works great.You also download all kinds of skins at there website .
 Like the title says , `` Best Print Artist Yet ! '' This one has a huge array of features , and unlike so many other programs , it it really easy to use . I did n't find myself getting stuck in endless loops when trying to access features like I usually do -LRB- I 'm sure at least a few of you know what I 'm talking about -RRB- . This is an awesome version to Print Artist . If I were to recommend any Print Artist program to you , it would be this one .
 I like the fact that I do not have to wade through a ton of graphics to find that special one I need . This program is as user friendly as all other Print Artist programs that my family uses . The graphics print out true to color . My daughter loves the Freedom program . She plans to use it for many of her History projects next year at school . I have used different versions of Print Artist through the years . -LRB- IA 2 - PA 15.0 -RRB- I have even experimented with others but have always remained loyal to Print Artist . I would recommed everyone use this software for all of their graphic needs . I rate it 5 + stars .
 I 've been using this program for 3 months and I really think it 's effective . It breaks down the process of learning the French language into easy , bite-size sections . Each section covers a specific area of learning that is fairly comprehensive and the coverage is just right so users should not feel overwhelmed.One of the best features of `` French for Dummies '' are the interactive word games . They might not sound serious at first , but they sure are fun , and sometimes make me forget that I 'm studying French . They sure work . The words really stick . Another cool feature is the interactive voice recognition where you are made to pronounce words . The program will emit a ring sound if you get the pronunciation right and an irritating `` question mark sound '' if you do n't . It 's a good way to force you to say the words properly.Overall , this is a really well-designed program for learning basic French . And for its low price , you really get a lot of bang-for-the-buck . I liked this program so much that I 've also bought the `` Spanish for Dummies '' tutorial CD-ROM . My only complaint is that it 's difficult to find information about the whole line of Dummies language tutorial CD-ROMs . I only found out that `` Spanish for Dummies '' existed is when I passed by a PC software store . It 's not listed in -LSB- Amazon.com -RSB- . Information about this great line of language tutorials should be made easily available . Even the Syracuse Language Systems website is not provided . I even had to search for it on the Net but unfortunately , the website does n't seem to be working . I 'd sure like to know what other languages are available.Still , `` French for Dummies '' is a great buy . Oh , and by the way , it works on my Windows XP system .
 I am not good with languages . But I need to learn some French . We bought another CBT which my husband likes , but he 's good at languages . I was n't learning with that one because it threw you in the deep end too soon . This one is better for easing yourself in . Maybe once I 've used this for a while , I 'll move on to the `` harder '' one , but that depends on how deep this goes . Perhaps it will be enough . Either way , I 'm very glad I bought this one , because I was getting frustrated trying to learn on the other . Buy this if you need to get started with French , but are not naturally good at languages .
 I started taking VERY expensive private French lessons 12 weeks ago , and was really frustrated in what I thought was my inability to learn French . My accent -LRB- or lack of -RRB- had become so embarrassing , I was reluctant to even TRY to speak . I was about to give up altogether when while on line , looking for a French/English dictionary I saw the `` French for Dummies '' CD . The exceptional price and good reviews persuaded me to give it a try . WOW ! What a great surprise ! I can honestly tell you that one -LSB- intensive -RSB- week with this highly INTERACTIVE program has improved my comprehension and pronunciation as much if not more than 12 weeks of private tutoring ! You 'll be surprised at how many differant types of presentations there are ! -LRB- video , games , language lab -RRB- I LOVE THE LANGUAGE LAB ! It &#65533; s a huge help to be able to practice making the SOUNDS of French -LRB- in PRIVATE ! :--RRB- -RRB- and get INSTANT feedback . I also really like the video clips of the native French speakers , It &#65533; s been very helpful to me to be able to SEE the language spoken . While this program is certainly intended for someone with a little or no prior French , it isn &#65533; t remedial &#65533; it &#65533; s A LOT of FUN ! Just as I was beginning to get really frustrated , and think I just couldn &#65533; t learn French &#65533; `` French For Dummies &#65533; has reinvigorated my desire to master French !! You &#65533; ll love the logical and functional way the lessons are laid out , the ease of knwing where you are in the lesson progression , as well as the quality of the software . Most importantly you &#65533; ll learn FRENCH ! Give it a try &#65533; you &#65533; ll parler Francais in no time!PSWhile you can order a headset / mic thru a special offer from Syracuse , I think it 's worth it to go get one BEFORE your CD arrives so you can get started RIGHT AWAY ! HAVE FUN !
 This was my first experience trying a language CD course and I must say I was impressed by this one . I 've been using it about 2 months and already feel I have a good basis for using French grammar , a limited vocabulary , a pretty good knowledge of basic sentences , and slightly-better-than-horrible pronunciation -LRB- but this is my weak spot -RRB- . The practice in pronunciation and the feedback you get is very helpful for a language like French in which so many sounds are unfamiliar to English speakers . I am looking forward to finishing the CD course and trying out what I 've learned in France .
 French for Dummies is very easy to use , is entertaining , and is appropriate for beginners as well as for people with a little knowledge of the French language .
 I 've had so much fun with `` French for Dummies '' . What I like about this program is the way that it 's set up . It 's just like having a language lab in your own home . `` French for Dummies '' consist of several games that teaches the learner extended vocabulary and verb terms . I really like the video clips of the speakers , which show you how to pronounce the words and phrases . One of my favorite sections of the program is the pronounciation lab , where you learn different sounds of the french language . This program would especially be great for novices and students . You learn a great deal considering the program 's low price , so it 's worth the money spent . Also you must have a microphone for this program . `` French for Dummies '' has an offer , in which you can purchase a headset microphone ...
 my name is alison & i love canadians !!!! i started 2 teach myself french & its easy ! i even sing & play oh canada on my bass , for david desrosiers ! ha he 's my bf & u cant take him away !!!!
 THIS PUBLISHING PROGRAM HAS SO MUCH IN IT !!! I 'M HAVING A BALL LEARNING HOW TO DO IT ALL . IT CAME IN VERY GOOD CONDITION , ON TIME , AND THE LOOK OF BEING BOUGHT FROM A RETAIL STORE.I 'VE MADE SEVERAL LETTERHEADS FROM IT AND AM NOW WORKING ON LEARNING WEB SITE DESIGNS.I ` WAS N'T DISAPPOINTED IN ANY WAY . THANK YOU
 The only thing I do n't like is you have to put the cd in everytime you use it . Other than that it is nice software .
 I bought the personal firewall plus build 7.1.113 because I wanted to block the IP addresses of spammers . The problem is the entries do not list in numerical order . So I have to review my entire previous list for each entry I add to see if it 's part of a range.McAfee Personal Firewall Plus 7.0
 I purchased this version after suffering an irreversible Win98 crash , to replace my former version from MSN aspart of my subscription for dial-up as a backup to cable . My MSN version was no longer available , replaced byMcAfee AntiVirus Plus - MSN Edition . This runs only on Win2000 and XP machines.Fortunately I salvaged the Security Center and Virus Scan v10 portions , then installed the Firewall Plus v7 onthe Win98 machine . Problem with the disk is the registration portion . Getting Acrobat 5.0 Reader was a nice ad-dition to the installation for Win98 , enabling reading and printing of many . pdf documents I could not before.These program versions will also run on Windows Me.The firewall works every bit as well as the former and same version from MSN . Now that this is a `` Legacy '' productit is no longer supported by MSN nor McAfee . Trying to remove the registration part of the software is very hard , and I have not resolved this issue as of this writing . Every 4 hours you are asked to register your product withMcAfee , and their website will not let you . I tried removing registration software components , changed registrykeys and website adresses without success so far to work around this problem.This firewall will provide excellent protection for Win98 and Me machines , and can recommend it for someone whohas the need for older PC 's to protect with older `` Legacy '' versions of products like this . Otherwise you will nothave the kind of protection you need and will be at risk of attack from hackers and malware .
 like all other Carmen Sandiego games this one as well is excellent and very educational and the greatest thing is your children rise to Carmen 's challages and do not relize they are learning
 I 've played this game alot with my younger siblings . The cases you have to solve are still hilariously absurd , the villains just as crazy -LRB- though there are n't nearly as many of them -RRB- , and the `` Know-Bot '' robots are a hoot . I especially liked how you could customize it with your own questions ... makes for a good study aid for the kids . It is not friendly with Windows 7 , but it will work on Windows Vista . You just might have to install it using the Program Compatibility function that comes as a part of Vista .
 This program is good , but to use it we had to download a quicktime patch to make it work . Did not work at first . Our son , age 9 , says it is really good , teaches many things , and `` the KnowBots are cool . You try to tag them , like in a video game , and answers questions about math , language arts , music , and others . '' There is one called crime scene , which displays `` vile agents '' that are trying to look innocent and the player answers questions about the scene after it is shown . Points for correct answers eventually allow player to catch the agents . He recommends it to ages 8-12 .
 I like it . So far but I do n't see a big change from Family Tree Maker 2006 from Family Tree Maker 9 or 10 except there are tons of info on how to Get Started and a lot of it would be useful if you have used a program or especially if you have never done any Genealogy before .
 Since I have been using the Family Tree Maker software for over 10 years now , this is just one step up , it is easier to use than some of the earlier versions and the software that I ordered even came with an instructional DVD so that would be a huge bonus for someone just starting out on their family tree reserach . I have tried other geneaology software but I do prefer Family Tree Maker - it has charts , graphs and forms and is quite easy to use .
 Prior to purchasing this program I had spent tons of hours on Ancestry.com totally emersed with researching my family tree . It was tedious . I purchased the Family Tree Maker 2006 Essentials to make my life easier . Initially I was unable to load the program into my dinosaur computer -LRB- Acer 1999 -RRB- but have recently purchased a new Dell . Now life is good again ! The program makes it simple to download facts from Ancestry.com incorporating the information into your family tree . Just a few clicks and you have a professionally made family tree for generations to enjoy . The program is so much smarter than me . You can pick and choose what information you want to keep when merging information from Ancestry.com . Nice . I have been working on my family tree for approx . 16 hours and have over 600 names on it . I highly recommend this program for the beginner -LRB- like me -RRB- or the more advanced historian !
 I love the family tree maker 2006 essentials . I had an earlier version and was well satisfied . This has a few more unique features . Tried a different geneology program and came back to family tree .
 Coming from a professional design perspective and using other sources for royalty free stock photography for the past 16 years ... Vol 1 is well worth the price . Other sources I 've used cost more than twice as much for a few hundred shots . Not to mention that composed photography -LRB- elaborite scenes or settings -RRB- has limited uses . Photo objects allows me the freedom to create a composition exactly how I want if I need to.Shots are super clean , most even when exported at 300 DPI . Some products are shot in multiples from different perspectives with different lens ... something that 's nearly unheard of with the popular alternatives . The searchable keyword database is a life saver and so much faster display of thumbnails than Cumulus . I can locate suitable shots instantly.Beware
 I think I am happy with these , but I am not sure . The software is very strange and you can not use the images without it . It works , but I would rather be able to catalog the images with something less clunky.The catalog contains both vol 1 and vol 2 image previews , which in one sense is good because you know what is available , but is annoying because the images you really want to use cost another ... !
 I very rarely buy programs online . In the last 5 years i bought a game -LRB- HL2 -RRB- and an on screen keyboard -LRB- HappyEO -RRB- and I recently bought MidiNotate Musician.I bought Musician because i first tried the free trial version and thought it was fantastic . I 'm pretty terrible at using programs , im not even that good at navigating web pages to be honest . MidiNotate Musician though is a program that is presented like a web page and very easy to navigate with simple icons that are pleasant to look at.The main reason i bought the product is that i was looking for something that i could load ` midi ' music files into and view as sheet music . Some sites charge a membership fee for downloading sheet music but if you get the midi file -LRB- that 's a tiny file usually something like 30kb that plays music electronically using your computers sound card instead of an actuall recording/mp3 which can be many megabytes -RRB- I had a midi arrangemnt of pachelbels cannon that i realy really liked and wanted to see as sheet music . I loaded it wiht MidiNotate and there it was . Fantastic , i could even turn on and off the various instruments as it played.This program is fantastic if you want to play along with a piece . Just turn off your part and play it from the sheetmusic displayed while the other parts play along with you.As i said i 'm not that good with techincal things and find most programs to be ` presented and laid out ' for the techincal minded , even many web sites i find to be badly designed . -LRB- *** note
 The main reason I use Midinotate is that I was looking for something that I could download ` midi ' music files into and view as sheet music and print out that sheet music . Most sites charge a membership fee or at least a one off fee for downloading sheet music but with MidiNotate you can download the midi file usually 20-30k then play the music inside the program , then edit it if you have -LRB- MidiNotate Composer -RRB- or just print it out if you have Musician . Even with MidiNotate Musician you get to do some editing like moving notes around or deleting them and being able to move and change the instruments within the tune.I now use it regular to download Midi files from around the world , then if I would like to try to play them I print out the sheet music and download the file to my Keyboard and play along . It is the best way of learning a tune I have ever found . Well done to all at MidiNotate , Brilliant piece of software .
 Why purchase another music sheet again ? With Notation Musician , you can turn a MIDI file -LRB- there are hundreds of free MIDI online -RRB- into sheet music.This will print music sheets for you . -LRB- If you want to be able to edit music sheets , get theNotation Composer by Notation SoftwareAnd this software does other things for practicing that 's just amazing -LRB- too many to mention -RRB- check out http://www.notation.com/ and click on tours and see what else it does.I 'm trying out the 30 day free trial , a great way to see if it works for me .
 I returned to music after a layoff of about 50 years . I play Horn in F -LRB- French Horn -RRB- in a local community band , something I thought was in my past , rather than in my future . I am having a ball and Midinote Composer has helped me reach that goal.I enter the music I have been assigned -LRB- or my part of band pieces -RRB- in Composer . This allows me to practice more efficiently . For example , my Horn Teacher assigned several duets . I entered both parts in Composer . I can set up a practice loop , which will automatically repeat a specified number of times , increasing the tempo , from perhaps 80 % to 110 % . This allows me to start off slowly then increase the tempo as I gain facility . I can play along with both parts , or either part , by muting the parts as desired.I have some scanning software which has facilitated my data entry procedure . In addition , there is a huge amount of music available on the web . There us , for example , a classical music site . I have downloaded all of Beethoven and Mozart 's symphonies and many more pieces of music . Even if I did n't have a band available to play with , I can now play my part in any of these.I can remember playing the Horn part to the William Tell Overture years ago when I was in High School -LRB- yes , they did have High schools then ! -RRB- . I can do it again now , something I never expected.There are a few wrinkles in MidiNotate Composer , but it is WELL worth the money , IMNSHO ...
 I bought this program at the promotional price of $ 19.99 . At the current exchange rate that is about $ 25.00 CAD.No indication that this is subscriber service unless you carefully ready thru the agreement . Probably lasts one year , after which you will have to renew the service at the full price . I think they should give this info right upfront in bold letters so you can decide whether you 're willing the fork over the money each year . This is also a phone-to-cancel scheme , iow they will charge your credit card automatically unless you specifically tell them not to , with a minimum of thirty days notice before the charge occurs . Do n't forget to diarize it.Download was smooth , as was the install . I did not like the fact that they tried to tack on another $ 9.99 to the invoice for an extended download option , a type of insurance that allows you to download the product for a full year instead of the usual 30 days . But everybody is looking for the extra buck I suppose.Courting with this product is a bit like a one night stand . You may come away with more than you bargained for . When you install this product , you also get the `` benefit '' of the McAfee SecurityCenter . Since I already have a free Security suite provided by my cable ISP , I do n't need McAfee 's product -LRB- s -RRB- . The problem is now that the SecurityCenter Update Engine is continually checking the Internet . So , you will have to close it down each time . Although the intent may be good , this is not what I signed up for when I decided to purchase the QuickClean 2006 program . By creating a new shortcut for the Uni.exe file , I can open QuickClean directly , but in so-doing , it also loads the SecurityCenter again into the tray . To stop the automatic updates , select Options in the SecurityCenter and then select `` Disable automatic updating '' . However , McAfee warns in their Support pages that this will not entirely stop the updates . I am also not clear on what will happen to the QuickClean startup after I decide to un-install the SecurityCenter program . I guess that information was conveniently overlooked . You also have to take steps to keep it from being automatically downloaded again . All that info is available in the Support pages . Have fun!The QuickClean Summary maintains stats about the Total disk space recovered , monitoring status , drive information -LRB- pie graph -RRB- and your recent activities in this program.The Disk Cleanup tab contains four functions
 This program not only works very well , is very through , it is also easy to use.On the other hand , you might be able to download a disk cleaner that meets your needs for free . Try Goggling one up .
 I have used a version of this product for several years . Unfortunately it is not compatible with Microsoft Vista , so I have been forced to try other products .
 I 've used Family Tree Maker for over 7 years - I 've been through about 4 upgrades and just ordered 2006 . It 's reliable and very easy to use ; however , I hate the way that it 's incorporated into the web . I give FTM 5-stars for use `` off line use '' only . I do like the way that FTM interacts with my ancestry.com primary resource information - but , I would hesitate to recommend using this function for non-expert users of FTM . Make sure you do backups of data on a regular basis to be able to revert to an earlier restoration if your data becomes inaccurate/unstable . I like the way that FTM handles GEDCOM imports & exports and the fact that many of my fellow serious genealogy researchers use FTM . Beware of using FTM published disks and any online information . Data is only as good as the person that originated the data.One cavaet - do n't EVER upload information from your FTM files onto any FTM related site . They will use the information to publish their `` world tree '' cd 's . I do like having the scrapbook , notes , address feature on FTM . I can keep jpgs of my ancestors in the file with their individual records.FTM is a workhorse genealogy program . I have over 5000 names in my database and FTM accesses my data file with no hesitation.Cons
 This is a great improvement over previous editions ; much easier to use and amend . The only reason for a 4 instead of a 5 is that they do n't appear to honor special advertised offers of free 1 year memberships in other genealogy data bases when program not purchased directly from Encore . Very frustrating when expecting access and being told to join each one .
 I have used Family Tree Maker for about 16 years . I am always amazed at the things FTM develops to better help us . I would recommend this item to anyone who just getting started in Genealogy or to anyone who has been into charting their past for a long time .
 I really like this version of Family Tree Maker . It is user friendly , and really helps to organize your genealogy files . I also very much appreciate the free one year subscription to Ancestry.com . This has made it much more convenient to review census records and other records available through Ancestry.com
 I have used three different family tree programs and this one is by far my favorite . It has a lot of ` extras ' that make it better to use . It was very easy to download the gedcom file from my previous program and I loved that I received the ancestry.com membership with it . My only complaint is that I have n't yet found where my picture files went to . It may be that I am still learning this program and just need to go back and go through the tutorial that came with it . Overall I am very pleased with my purchase . I highly recommend this version of Family Tree Maker Deluxe .
 This is the ultimate program for keeping family records and building your family tree . It works in conjunction with an excellent website , -LSB- ... -RSB- , which enables even beginners to accomplish the task of keeping all family records in one place while building a family tree at the same time . I had a very old version of the program , which was good , but the updated 2006 Family TreeMaker program is the best .
 Great for both those new to geneology and the long time ones too . Very glad I chose this program .
 I liked the older version of FTM that had the tabs on the side of each page . I found it easier to navigate . I do like the connection with Ancestry.com . Lots of good info .
 This software is a great value , it works wll , saves info automatically , and it really does come with a one year deluxe subscription to Ancestry.com .
 This is my first Family Tree Program I 've bought . I will wait abit yet to upgrade . So far it has been great loading all the information on my family .
 I had n't updated my Family Tree Maker program since number 6 and this version -LRB- 2006 -RRB- loaded easy , fast and was simple to use . I love all the new features and the changes make so much sense ! Glad I waited so long to upgrade this time . All the other upgrades never seemed to add much , so I had stopped getting them . I highly reccomend this version!Family Tree Maker 2006 Deluxe -LSB- Old Version -RSB-
 With this program I was able in just a few months , to develop a huge database of information . The program is easy to use and I never had any problems accessing -LRB- for free -RRB- the Ancestry website for a year as others have mentioned . I would just suggest that it is a good idea to regularly make back-up discs of your information . I am so happy I did that because my computer crashed and I would have lost all my data , had I not done that . I have not upgraded to the newer version as of yet , so I can not speak to that one . I am very happy with this product !!
 This is a very easy to use family tree data base . I was an unwilling participant in family tree gathering information , but the program just drew me in . I have connected with family members I have n't talked to in years just to gather more data to put into the program . The help I received on the phone was wonderful .
 Family Tree Maker is easy to use . My only complaint is with the Ancestry.com web site . You are supposed to receive free searches with the program , however , they ask for a credit card number . I am not comfortable with that thought because I am afraid they will `` earmark '' charges . I would recommend the program though -- very easy to use , very thorough . Just watch out for the website .
 I find it difficult to get from one place to another . I have not been able to enter all the information I would like to enter . For instance
 This product performs very well and I have had few problems with it . I like the layouts for viewing family members and siblings . I have sinced purchase the FM2008 version , which looks almost like the -LSB- ... -RSB- website layout , and I actually prefer the FM2006 version better .
 I 've enjoyed working with this particular version of the Family Tree Maker 2006 Deluxe edition . I must admit I did have some problems transferring information over from an older version of the FTM , but the `` bugs '' seem to have gotten worked out now ! I like the ability to add the pictures and print off with the information as well .
 The previous reviewer misunderstood what Ancestry is . Ancestry is not a program . It is a website for genealogists -LRB- Ancestry.com -RRB- and provides access to all sorts of records , including federal and state censuses , military records , immigration records , archived newspaper articles , and thousands of family tree files already completed by other researchers - plus more . It 's great fun and the fastest way to do genealogical research online . The FTM software integrates directly with Ancestry so that you can search through the program and import from online directly into your own files . Annual membership to Ancestry costs $ 179 , so a $ 89 package that includes the FTM software PLUS a year 's membership is a fantastic deal . I hope the previous reviewer takes another look and figures out how to use Ancestry .
 Family Tree Maker is consistently rated among the best genealogy programs . One unique feature of the program is the merge fuction that you can use to automatically add information found in online sources -- e.g. census , birth records , death records , etc. -- into your local data base with all the proper source citations.You do n't have to buy the newest version to get the latest function ; you can actually update this version to FTM16 for free * and * get the benefit of a 1 year subscription to -LSB- ... -RSB- . This is a good deal !
 I found that this software was easy to install and easy to begin using . I am enjoying building my family tree . There are many nice features in the software , including the ability to share the tree on-line with my relatives . I highly recommend it .
 This progeram is excellent for a person who is not all that computer savvy . It makes keeping track of your geneaology as simple as possible . All you need is the information and it is easy to input into the program . This is the third such program I have purchased and utilized and it is , by far , the best for my purposes .
 This is an outstanding program to use for genealogy . It is easy to use , and provides many different reports , and types of trees . To me it produces almost unbelievable results ; I 'm grateful that I found it .
 This item is very user friendly even for people just getting started with geneology . I recommend it to everyone .
 This Family Tree Maker is very informative and has helped considerably in my searching my family background and relatives . I would recommend this to any one that is interested in starting a Family Tree of their own . With the help of research using the 2006 Family Tree Maker plus going to the library , I have so far tracked my family 's history back to the 1800 's . You would be surprised what you can learn and how much fun you can have also .
 This genealogy software has given hundreds of hours of entertainment . It has an excellent Web Search tool that makes finding more specific matches . The report capabilities are excellent
 I have used several editions of Family Tree Maker and the 2006 edition is by far the best . It gives so many facts when you use the star to go on line to find any information . I really , really like it 's easy accessibilty and the ease it takes to navigate all areas of the records .
 This is a great genealogy program . Very easy to use . I never even had to read the instructions . You can add photos , birth dates , death dates , nick names , and so much much more .
 Have been using the program and it is working out very well for me . I have had a few different programs , but this one seems to be very solid and well organized . Thanks so much .
 This software is wonderful for doing genealogical plotting . It is user friendly and allows you several different views . It had been recommended to me and I certainly understand why . It works well !
 JUST WHAT I NEEDED AS AN AMITURE . I CA N'T SPELL EITHER . EASY TO WORK WITH . RECOMMEND TO ANY ONE WITH SOME COMPUTER SKILLS .
 smooth , install , training , user acceptance , I am happy with this , and will upgrade once again next year
 I bought this game for our 4 year old after he tried it out at the Apple Store . It was his first computer game and he gets to use it on Dad 's computer . He is having a great time with it and loves the challenges of matching , finding treasure , etc.Because he just turned 4 , he has not mastered all of the skills required , but he loves the challenge . This game is educational , helps to improve his computer skills , fun and makes him feel like a winner.I highly recommend this game . Kids may need to get used to using the mouse and I would not buy this for any child under the age of 4 .
 This ` cartoon ' took me inside and down under in the ocean ... I do NOT like cartoons , but this one made me believe it was real , as well as other old people , and beware , ter tiny tots will think it looks ` way too real ' . but it a GREAT movie for young tots , and old folks , as well ... warms the heart as a family movie !!!!!!
 This collection of several games for young kids is entertaining and well designed for the most part . An added bonus is being rewarded with clips from the movie as you advance ! Finally , kids software that is Mac OS X native . The games themselves are not bad -- the shell game -LRB- three shells get moved around , one with a fish under it ; you guess which one has the fish -RRB- , matching game , and `` shark pong '' game are well done . The turtle race and fish swim race are kind of weak . There 's also a music band section that unfortunately is not very intuitive as to how to play around with the music . But , overall , a good value and fun for young kids !
 This is the best and most colorful game I 've played ever .
 The graphics are top notch . There are seven games that will keep the little ones busy for hours . The instructions are spoken by the characters and are easily understood . Lots of movie clips too . Even my 2 year old enjoyed watching . My daughter loves this game . I highly recommend it ! It came with a free movie ticket in it as well , great deal !
 My kids loved it . We have n't played it much , but whatever I have seen , this game impresses me a lot . Graphics are very crisp . There are movie clips that you get to see when you accomplish some task . Games are standard , but educational.The main fish interacts with the children . The voice is naughty and childish , which attracts children . My three year old doubled up with laughter when the turtle bounced around in a game to capture mother of pearls.A great buy indeed .
 My 3-1/2 year old son loves this and can run several of the games independently . It sometimes makes him laugh hysterically.I have some pretty strong biases . I think most educational toys are oxymorons . I think a 3-1/2 year old should be having fun , not building a resume . I figure K-12 will provide plenty of opportunities for structured learning.This is a great purchase if you want your child to enjoy time with a computer and get some basic mouse skills . The only draw back is that you may have to adjust your mouse settings with respect to left/right click recognition -LRB- some other software for the younger set handles this internally -RRB- .
 My sons just loved this game ! The best part is that there a so many levels that the play does n't get boring . They can save their games and come back later , so there 's no fighting for turns ! Dad seems to really like playing it , too . The video clips are fun rewards for skills accomplished during the game . Also , there are come cute `` click-its '' just for entertainment along the way . Overall , well worth the money .
 I just loved the movie , so naturally I bought the game . My sis and I have had these little , ummm ... `` problems '' with games for kids 4 + . We ca n't win them !! The older kid 's games are easier . But that 's what makes this game fun . I still ca n't win the `` Surfin ' With Crush '' level though . `` Nemo 's Underwater World of Fun '' actually has a story to it . Nemo wants to prove to his dad that he can move around just as well as any other fish . So Marlin sets up a `` Super Swim Challenge '' game , that will test Nemo 's swimming skills . It goes from there in that you have to help Nemo win a certain number of `` trophies '' in each game in order to get up to level 5 in the Super Swim Challenge . After that , you can help Nemo prove to Marlin how good a swimmer he is . I love the games you can play . `` Dory 's Memory Match '' , `` Surfin ' With Crush '' , and `` Tank Gang Sing-alongs '' are just a few . Hope you have fun playing ! I 'm sure the kids will .
 My five year old son has had alot of fun playing the games . The software / games are easy for him to understand and use . It has worked well on our 1998 vintage pentium 2 compaq .
 My three year old loves playing `` Finding Nemo '' I love the educational , memory building games as well as the movie clips ... a reward for completing 5 levels of play on each challenge . The feeding the shark ping-pong is a fun , slightly challenging game , and my son loves to swim with the sea turtles and play the `` concentration '' - type rock roll game . There is also a traditional `` shell '' game and a `` simon '' - like memory game in which you repeat shape patterns made by the moonfish . And of course , the highlight is the swimming with nemo adventures . I would highly recommend this software . It was easy to install and it 's easy to use . My son can play it all by himself , changing games as he likes . He really likes the independence .
 I bought Finding Nemo when I was 8 and liked it.A bit too easy.I would reccomend it for children 5 to 7 . I liked it cause I Like animals.If you have young children buy this as soon as you can .
 I recommend this title to any children aged four to six , gifted children age three , and children aged seven and eight who need a quick fix of Nemo ! The graphics and voices are the best in educational software today . The entertainment value apart from graphics and voices are above average with seven different games . Activity target skills include traditional hand-eye coordination and memory work with sequencing , recall , and matching . My four-year-old daughter loves it and she regularly plays about 30 current educational software titles for her age range .
 This game is by far the best children 's game that I have bought for my 6 year old and 8 year old . They play is consistantly and I enjoy watching along with them . The gameplay is perfect , graphics amazing -LRB- award winning -RRB- and re-play value has been great . Shark game and memory are the coolest to my kids . Hats off , finally a game under valued at the price !!
 I saw the 3 star review and almost did n't purchase it . The negative reviews did n't help . But keep an open mind . My 3 year old grandson loves all the games . He is a little young but is learning as he goes . The film clips add a little extra to break up the games . What can I say , it 's like a Pooh or Blues Clues CD. , it 's games , it keeps the little ones interest , while they are learning .
 I saw `` Finding Nemo '' twice in theaters and just decided that it is officially my favorite movie . With most movies , you should probably avoid wasting your time and money on disappointing games and books , etc. , and just see the movie . But to get the full `` Finding Nemo '' experience , you NEED to play this game and read the `` Essential Guide '' from Dorling-Kindersley . You actually WILL find out things you wo n't get from the movie.I saw two `` Nemo '' games on the shelf when I bought this , and one said `` Ages 4 + . '' Being 16 , I said , `` No way . Too young . '' Then I saw this . No age limit . Rated `` E '' for everyone . And made by THQ , same brand as my previous `` Spongebob Squarepants '' PC game that I love so much . So , I purchased it . This game is so utterly adorable that no matter what age you are , you 're guaranteed to love it ! The game shows you a very large portion of the film itself in high-quality clips , and the graphics are excellent . The dialogue 's even better ; almost all of the movie 's voice actors take part in this game , with the surprising exceptions , apparently , of Albert Brooks -LRB- Marlin -RRB- and Ellen DeGeneres -LRB- Dory -RRB- ! But , their voices sound so similar you probably wo n't miss them too much . The rest of the cast is terrific and it 's such fun to hear them speak , especially the tank gang , which in my opinion is the best part of the game.These games are many and moderately challenging . You ca n't just sit there bored and make it through them in 20 minutes , but they are not long , dull , difficult , time-consuming , frustrating , mind-numbing , boring games either . They achieve the perfect ` game balance . ' The game is not hard to figure out ; it begins the story quickly and moves right on through , never leaving you confused as to where to go.The games themselves are alot of fun . And there are quite a few of them . The very best part of the game is guiding Nemo around the tank , picking up Friendship Totems from all the fish and helping them out in minigames ! It is truly , insanely cute . You get to meet everyone and interact . The characters are very funny , and like I said , the graphics are so mind-blowingly good that it looks just like the movie . Some of the best games are the Tiki Head game , the Jellyfish game with Dory & Marlin , the Anglerfish game , Catch the Bubbles & the Filter game.Everywhere you go there are things to do ! It 's such a fun game , you 'll play it over & over . I highly recommend this as a supplement to seeing `` Finding Nemo ! ''
 My four-year-old daughter found this game a bit difficult and needed my assistance in solving some puzzles and generally maintaining forward progress to the gamefs conclusion . After she completed it , however , she played it several more times on her own . It makes her laugh and laugh and laugh because there are a variety of funny situations for young children . There are also funny situations for adults that probably go over her head every time she sees them . This game is probably best for children aged five to seven . Itfs graphics and voices are the best available today and the problem solving skills rival Freddie Fish Quality .
 I bought this for my daughter . She is 4.5 yrs old and I needed to get her some updated software . She sat down in front of the computer and played for several hours !
 Bought this for my kindergartner who produced excellent marks in her first six weeks of school . She has not stopped playing the game since we installed it . Good product .
 My Mom bought this game for me . I thought this game is going to be normal . It 's way too easy for a 12 year old to play . If you have very young kids , then this game is for you . But if you have older kids only , then DO NOT BUY OR RENT THIS GAME !!! I would rather buy Ratatouille on PC instead .
 It is fun and exciting because you get to play many games.One of the games that I really liked is the Swamp Stomp because you get to splatter the alligators with your special balls .
 Face it - who is going to end up playing this game ? I bought this for my 5-year-old son , who loved the Rugrats Go Wild ! movie . He loves this game too ! Or , rather , he loves watching me play it ! It says that kids as young as 2 can play this , and well , yes , there are certain parts of this game a two-year-old could manage . Like , opening the game from the computer 's desktop icon , and entering their name on the sign-in start page of the game . After that , though , the game definitely becomes more complicated . It 's probably better suited for a kid at least 6 or 7 years old - if he or she is gifted . But by then , the kid will not be interested in playing a `` kiddee game '' any more , and will be playing something of a more mature interest.So , when it comes to dodging the frantic runaway baby carriage down the twisting path in the jungle , while being chased by panthers and having monkeys throw fruit at you , or dodging fruit thrown by a giant ape , or stumbling blindly through a cave in search of glow worms , or the other various hand/eye coordination tests that this game presents at various places , just know in advance that these are going to be too hard for your kid , and that you 're going to end up doing those parts for him or her.Still , it is fun for the kids to play a game about a movie they 've enjoyed . Or , rather watch you play it ...
 I purchased this game as a gift . It was all he hoped for and was played for hours . I was very pleased with the ordering process and delivery of game . Thank you for great service !
 Where in the world Carmen San Diego worked fine with Windows Vista . Where in the usa is Carmen San Diego did not work with Windows Vista .
 I 've had this bundle for a month and it 's very good so far . I did n't have any problems installing both softwares.I have n't got any problems with the virusscan , no mistaken viruses for example.I have n't got any problems with the firewall . Nothing pops up every time I go to a page . I do n't even know it 's running until I check how many people have tried to get hold of my computer and from where.And I get automatic daily updates for the virusscan and the firewall.I ca n't tell you about the rebate . I decided not to get it because I had to send my previous Norton Systemworks disk , and I did n't want to get rid of the Doctor feature .
 I 'm not sure about all the bad reviews . I 've used McAfee for years and never had any problems . I bought the bundle recently for $ 30 with a $ 30 mail in rebate , so the software was free ! I like the user-friendly interface of virus scan and firewall . Everything is there for you and seems to catch all of the bugs -LRB- I hope -RRB- .
 Seems to work fairly quietly -LRB- good -RRB- , but tends to slow the startup process . Having used McAfee products in the past , I expect to be fairly satisfied with its performance at keeping viruses off of my computer .
 I tried other firewalls and had all types of problems with updates . McCafee seems to update in the backround and so far I have had no problem . I have used Virus scan for about 5-6 yrs and never had a virus or any problems with updating - found a good company and aim to stay with them .
 This item is good to buy if any one already has the basic version .
 I purchased two copies of the software . One copy installed correctly on a new laptop . When I tried to install the second copy on a desktop on which I had previously used it , it said I already had a later version installed . Now I am having problems with the previous subscription vs. the new upgrade I purchased .
 My update subsciption is about to run out on my norton 2005 antivirus . After I ran the current updates.I ran a scan of my computer just before I uninstalled it . Norton found no viruses . I loaded McAfee VirusScan 2006 Version 10.0 . First time I scanned with McAfee after current updates it found a trojan virus that norton missed.What can I say ??
 I have used Norton AntiVirus with my computer before and got McAfee bundled with my laptop . I upgraded the bundled OEM version with 10.0 and so far I did not had any virus attack . Looks like it is doing the job its supposed to.One little problem is that during every system startup it does an autoupdate and it just takes another min of the startup time . It has blocked many online virus attacks nicely when I browse through websites.But looks like it wont block the ads . So I use the adsense -LRB- available free for private use through google -RRB- to remove adwares.Generally this has done a good job so far , just that you have to be cautious and make sure that it is always running and protecting your computer .
 Always love and trust Mc Afee security products they are easy to install and do n't bog down computers as much as some security products do and do n't have that intrusive windows that come up continuously like other security softwares have I recommend this product for all users
 I have used McAfee 2006 for over a year and it seems to be faster than Norton . In addition it has adobe reader which installs in two minutes rather than waiting for the `` free '' online adobe reader -LRB- www.adobe.com -RRB- that takes hours to install and you are not guaranteed that it will install at the end of the process , from experience . Although McAfee 's Adobe Reader is the 5.0 version , it reads all my documents fine and I do not think I need to download the laborious online adobe reader -LRB- www.adobe.com -RRB- anymore . Yes , McAfee is the way to go . The McAfee antivirus scan always tells me to update to 2007 . Although I have the 2007 , I am still afraid of using it for fear it may not have an Adobe Reader -LRB- let me hope that it does -RRB- . Past experiences especially with Norton suggests that updating to a new version does not necessarily produce better results . Maybe I will update to McAfee virusscan 2008 , while still retaining my 2006 and 2007 Mcafee versions . Norton is a thieving company . I wanted to retain my 2005 Version of it since the 2006 was too sensitive to some of my installments and they cancelled my 2005 version which was working far better . For me , no more Norton , which is bloated , slow and inflexible . Does the McAfee viruscan 2008 have Adobe reader ? If it does , I will go for it . For now , it is McAfee all the way ...
 Like many people looking for a solid and reliable antivirus program with a high virus detection rate to protect their computer I used to be a big fan of Norton Antivirus and the Norton SystemWorks programs . In my opinion the last decent version of Norton Antivirus or Norton SystemWorks was version 2003 . Ever since Symantec started using a complex and buggy activation process for their software they have increased the number of headaches for their previously loyal user base . Every year for the past three years that legal and loyal Norton customers have tried to upgrade by removing their old antivirus software and install the latest version they have had to deal with activation problems , crashes , full system reinstallations , and updates that do n't work . Symantec has had three years to work out most of the bugs in their antivirus software with its activation and installation nightmares and now with the release of Norton Antivirus 2006 it appears that these problems still remain as a major issue . So it is time to jump from that Norton ship because there is much better solution coming from a company that was one of the original innovators of PC antivirus protection.McAfee VirusScan 2006 is now hands down the software of choice for those Windows PC users who are looking for a solid and reliable program with one of the best detection rates in the industry . To put it bluntly McAfee excels in most of areas that Norton fails . First of all McAfee Antivirus has one of the least invasive software activation schemes of any of the top antivirus companies . You only need to supply a name , email address , and unique password of your choice to activate the software . Secondly , as long as you completely remove all other traces of any your previous antivirus software installations such as Norton Antivirus from your system you should find McAfee VirusScan to be refreshingly simple and pain free to install and upgrade . Third , McAfee costs less than most other major antivirus software and offers even better rates for two year subscriptions -LRB- available online only -RRB- and for multiple computers -LRB- available online or as a three computer license retail box -RRB- . If you use AOL Security Edition , MSN Premium or Verizon DSL with MSN Premium you already qualify for a free McAfee Antivirus and McAfee Personal Firewall subscription as long as you use their internet service . Fourth , McAfee works on Windows 98 , Me , 2000 , XP Home and XP Pro and is even available for many small businesses that use routers such as the SonicWall brand to provide automatic protection for an entire computer network . Next , although there are other antivirus programs that have a smaller `` footprint '' and use less system resources I find that McAfee does not cause the bloatware slowdown effect that Norton Antivirus does to computers . In the past year I even installed McAfee on an almost ten year old 200 mhz Pentium computer that was using Windows 98 First Edition . I simply enabled `` executable file only '' for McAfee 's real time protection scanning . Sure it was n't the fastest computer in the world but it worked well enough that I could use it . Try that with any bloated version of Norton Antivirus since the 2000 version and you will end up with a BSoD -LRB- Blue Screen of Death -RRB- nightmare . Finally , how good is McAfee at finding and removing viruses ? The answere is that it is one of the best if not the best at finding and removing viruses and other malware . McAfee VirusScan rates at or near the top in the independently run virus detection tests such as Virus Bulletin and is certified by ICSA labs for virus protection . My own recent experience has proven to me that McAfee is equal to or better than Norton Antivirus in finding and removing viruses and other malware threats.Is McAfee VirusScan perfect ? No it is not and it has its own share of minor problems such as its reliance on Active X control for updates , product support problems reported by many users , and installation conflicts with other antivirus software that had not been completely removed before installation . However these are also problems that have plagued most other antivirus companies such as Symantec . McAfee VirusScan simply rises above the other antivirus programs in so many other areas that I have no choice but to rate McAfee as the best of the bunch.PROS
 I have read all the reviews complaining about this product but I have been using for years and I have yet to have any problems . This one does appear to be an improvement over last years version when it comes to scanning though . I use Norton at work because it is the chosen product of our I.T. dept. but it is clunky and slow in my opinion . For me McAfee is the way to go .
 I LOVE THIS GAME IT TAKES YOU AROUND THE WORLD TO DIFFERNT PARTSARROUND THE WORLD AND IN DIFFERNT CITIES YOU HAVE DIFFERNT JOBS TO DO LIKE SLOVEING CLUES AND CACHING CRIMNLS ON FOOT AND BY JUMMPING ON DIFFERNT THIGS LIKE MOVING PLATFROOMS AND . DIFFERT OUTFITS FOR BARBIE FOR HER MISSHIONS .
 I LOVE THIS GAME !!! Though i think you sould be 10-13 to play these game because you need to be a little patient but other then that it is fun.It is hard at first but when you keep playing it gets easier.What I like the most about these games are the adventures that are in it they are a lot of fun !!!!! Barbie also has a lot of cool gadgets.This game will also last a long time.I think that is good.I hope you will get this game !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is about saving the world as babie . Barbie travels around the world and has many differnet clothes . This game is tricky so it will be tough if your under 7 or even older than 7 , The laser beams are hard to master and the sneaking around can also be hard . It takes a while to get done but I would ask younger people to get someone else 's help . I still love it !
 This game is so much fun !!! It 's hard to get past some parts , especially at the end of the game . It is my sister 's but she is older now and she does n't care about barbies . I want to get the one for the GBA !!! Try ALL the barbie games , you 'll LOVE them !!!!!!!!! The princess and the pauper one has a glitch , though . Barbie explorer is quite hard , too . This game is so much fuuuuun . I want to play it again and again !
 This game is so much fun !!! It 's hard to get past some parts , especially at the end of the game . It is my sister 's but she is older now and she does n't care about barbies . I want to get the one for the GBA !!! Try ALL the barbie games , you 'll LOVE them !!!!!!!!! The princess and the pauper one has a glitch , though . Barbie explorer is quite hard , too . This game is so much fuuuuun . I want to play it again and again !
 When I was littler This was my fav game , but I lost it . It is awsome.I 'm now 12 .
 This is the latest of the Barbie computer games my four-year old daughter played . She found this one to be the hardest of them all . I 'd agree , because it took her longer than all the other games to finish it.As usual there are outstanding puzzles . This time , however , she had to `` fly '' between actual cities
 Wow , what an amazing gift . This collection rocks , sadly I heard Marvel dropped the contract with the Git Corp. . They want to rent out their comics now I guess . What A wasted effort , I heard there is a water mark if you try to print it . That 's cool , but come on Marvel loosen up ! Your giving adults and children a gift . Young children will be reading and collecting just to smell those pages!I read Daredevil and Thor was cancelled for a 2008 release . Well I 'm sorry but I 'm not going to pay a yearly subscription -LRB- to Marvel -RRB- just to read my favorite comics.Hey Git Corp , What about releasing Batman , after all , there is other companies out there .
 This cd rocks ! It 's really cool . I already knew the origin of spider-man but I really enjoyed the stories in a comic book text . I promise I will read more of it when I can .
 This CD ROM is really one of the best products about comics that I 've ever seen . To the ones who missed the last issues of ASM is the perfect choice , and who wants to discover the origin of Peter Parker as our hero and his enemies is better than .
 Hard to believe all this comic books history is packed on 1 DVD-ROM . Some of the scans are hard to read but that 's probably due to the source material after all the earlier issues are 12 years older than me ! As of the writing of this review im only on issue 36 so the scans should improve with time . Yes the earlier stories are somewhat `` lacking '' in my opinion not to mention plot -LRB- create villain , defeat villain , villain seeks revenge -RRB- but one must understand that these same stories laid the ground work for most modern day comics . An unbelievable value . Unless you have all the Amazing Spider-Man issues and if you do you probably have the earlier issues in a vacume vault where they ca n't be read this disc is a must . A great introduction to the world of Peter Parker The Amazing Spider-Man ! I stumbled upon this gem while searching Spider-Man comic books on Amazon . I ca n't believe more people do n't know about these discs . I Wish DC Comics Would follow suit I would love to have the complete Detective Comics/Action Comics -LRB- Batman & Superman Respectively -RRB- On Disc . I ca n't recomend this enough !!
 Just something short
 This is really an incredible collection of comics , barring the price even . You simply can not get as much as has been put onto this CD-ROM without paying a mint - ca n't be done . And , if you own an ipad , it 's even more impressive . Nothing like being able to read from a clear , color touch screen instead of a bulky or ill-fitted laptop.As noted by many , you 're not going to get the complete story line for some of the longer , cross comic , Spider-Man stories , e.g. Kraven 's last stand , however that 's no reason not to buy this . We 're talking about only a few incomplete story lines . If you ca n't take not knowing what you may have missed , those are easily purchased in collected hard copies for a modest amount.I like this collection so much , I 'm putting serious thought into selling my ASM originals , and I 've been reading/collecting them for 30 years .
 The resolution is fantastic and reading the comics looks perfect -LRB- with some comic quality being fair which is cool -RRB- . Reading is a cinch in full screen , any fan of Spider Man would be doing themselves a disservice not picking this up !
 This product is `` Amazing '' as the title suggests . The comics are easy to read and scroll through . The product is designed for a PC ; however , it works just fine on my Mac .
 this Dvd-Rom is great if you love spider-Man its like going back in time you can read all your favorites from 1963 to 2008 Buy it now be for it sells out Marvel is not going to make any moore so right now its chep on Amazon becuse once its gone there gone for good .
 This is another great idea and an excellent purchaseA lot of memorable issues and great moments expect you if you buy this itemI sincerely recommend it for all Spider man fans!One of the best purchases you can make for you
 I rate this 5 stars based on my knowledge of the Fantastic Four and X-Men complete editions . I 'm writing this review to warn people about my receiving 2 defective copies of the Spider-Man version from Amazon . I 'll have to try a 3rd time .
 In 2006 I began collecting Spider-Man reprints that were inserted in the local newspaper . But the reprints stopped , leaving me wanting to read more Spider-Man adventures . So I bought the DVD . The DVD functioned properly and looked good ; all in PDF format . I was somehow under the impression that the magazines that were going to be pictured would be in mint condition , the older ones were not . It does not bother me at all but just understand that the older reprints - will - look old . I think it 's a fantastic buy and I am glad that I bought it . While writing this review I realized that I had never tried to see if it would work in my TV/DVD combo ; so I tried it , and it did not play . So one final caveat , -- the DVD will most likely only work in a DVD connected to a computer that can display PDF files . Final word , it 's good , buy it .
 This is a great product . I thought the movies were close to the comicbooks , boy was I wrong . After reading comicbook after comicbook , I wish the people who made the Spider-man movies followed the story more . The story about Gwen Stacy adds so much and I wish she was introduced in the first movie . Anyways , this is a great product , and if you want to know more about Spider-man and his life pick this up . The scans are perfect .
 WOW !! This is truly a dream come true for me . I was born in the early 70 's . I came to love Spiderman in the early 80 's , but the misfortune of having been born more than 10 years after his first inception proved to be most prohibitive in terms of collecting every comic book he was in . Even as much as I loved reading Spiderman , the cost of trying to go back and get every back issue today would be astronomical in cost.No longer !!! I am now able to read every Amazing Spiderman comic without having to have an actual hard copy ! It 's also interesting to see how the art work for Spiderman has evolved over the past 40 years and even more interesting to see how the ads have changed -- strange side note , I know , but you can see how the marketing for the target audience has n't changed much!By the way , if you DO have the misfortune -LRB- like the previous reviewer -RRB- of having Roxio Easy Media Creator 8 , then you will realize that you can only look at the 1960 's folder . However , there is a simple , although sloppy , FIX -- simply boot up your computer in SAFE MODE and you will be able to view the rest of the folders . If you tire of doing that every single time , you can have the DVD copied over to your own hard drive so that you can view them at your leisure.The other fix is to simply uninstall Roxio Easy Media Creator . This does not work for me because I NEED IT.Enjoy !!!!!
 Like the Avengers , FF , and X-Men runs , the company has scanned in all the pages -LRB- including ads , Bullpen page , letter pages , and back cover -RRB- from actual issues . Some of the pages are scanned in slightly crooked -- what 's the matter , do n't you have time to line things up ? -LRB- Probably another out-sourced job . -RRB- I thought it might be difficult reading the comics on a computer screen , but after a few pages I liked turning a page with the push of a button . If you have a bright monitor or laptop , the colors should look nice.Make sure that you upgrade to the latest Acrobat Reader -LRB- a copy on the disk -RRB- so that the Marvel watermarks do n't show on your screen . If you try to print a page the watermarks will -LRB- I believe -RRB- appear.Overall , a wonderful addition for those who have the original issues but ca n't read them because of their value , for those who do n't want to buy a bunch of the Masterworks titles , for those who want to see the comics with the original colors and printing quality , and for those who want to read all the issues in color . The cost of the total collection may seem high , but think about buying over 500 comics . That 's less than a dime an issue -- more than I paid years ago!As Marvel does more of these , they may `` crash '' the back issue market . People who have the comics may decide to buy these DVDs and sell their back issues.Highly recommended .
 I received the ASM collection for Christmas , and I am in heaven . I followed Spidey back in the 60s and 70s , but quit reading somewhere around ASM121 - true fans will understand why . I 'd always wanted to find out what happened in the last 30 years , especially with the movies coming out , but had no practical way of doing so.Now I have . The files are regular pdf files , so you can read them anywhere . The scans are excellent.Now the caveat . Yes , this is every issue of Amazing Spider Man , and until the 90s it 's all you would need . However more and more as I read I 'm finding out that a story started in Amazing Spider Man will have part two in the Peter Parker magazine -LRB- not included in this collection -RRB- , part three in Spider Man magazine -LRB- not included in this collection -RRB- , and the finale in Amazing Spider Man . So while you 'll get the gist of the action , you 'll miss , say , large parts of the Clone Saga.But do n't let that discourage you . Between this collection and Wiki , you 'll figure out what 's going on.An incredible value for your money , and I 'm planning on getting the Fantastic Four collection next.N.B .
 this is great ! when my son asked for all the comic books i thought `` he 'll have them all over his room , i 'll be tripping over them and they might get ruined '' but the cd verision is great one disk to worry about and since there are so many books on the cd it has n't left his computer cd drive yet !! love this more companies should do this !!
 This is a great purchase for any Spidey fan . Of course it is not a replacement for flipping through the pages , but it is darn close . Be sure you have a DVD-ROM drive otherwise you wo n't get this to work . And no , not all DVD drives are DVD-ROM . I have 2 DVD-R/W 's and it will not work in my Dell desktop . It does however , work flawlessly on my Dell Inspiron laptop.Very cool indeed .
 I LOVE this set ! The scans are in . pdf , so I was able to transfer them to my iPhone and view through the Documents to Go app . Excellent to have 30 years of the wonderful wall-crawler in my pocket !
 I wish more comics were available in digital format . I personally love to read comics and study these old beautiful books . However I neither have the shelf space to collect millions of comics , nor do I have the money to purchase moldy old paper backs that are grossly over priced and sealed in plastic bags . The other thing is that most graphic novel collections have really crappy color reproduction -LRB- It 's like some clown just hit fill in Photoshop and then hit print !! -RRB- These collections are perfect for some one who loves comic art and wishes to simply read and study the art work . One thing I have noticed that really irritates me is that some people have bought up copies of these collections and marked up the price so high no one in their right mind can buy them . This is foolish as these are just scanned digital versions of these works of art and carry no real or lasting value except as reading material and as an essential reference material for artists . I would say to all of you involved in the practice of marking up these treasures , shame on you !! Go back to hocking over priced Back issues at lest you have a leg to stand on there ! As they are at lest physical paper printings . Back to these wonderful book , I do realize that the big name comics desire higher profits then a one time fifty dollar collection of their entire run of a title but there are plenty of amazing smaller or defunded companies that have vast and amazing libraries ! Companies like Gold Key , Gladstone , Dell , Charlton , and many many others would benefit form having their libraries archived digitally . As a young artist I feel there is a lot to be learned from the talented illustrators of the past and it would be a great service to all young aspiring writers and artists to have a viewable heritage to research and study . Keep it up `` Graphic Image Technology '' Inc. !!
 This is an excellent product . The only problem with these cd-roms are that they ca n't be viewed reasonably without a larger television .
 It is great to be able to read all the spider-man comics again . I read them as a kid , but did n't get to read the very beginning . I hope that they bring out more of the comic book characters on DVD . I will buy more .
 This is a great way to get all the back story from Amazing Spider-Man . Because there is no way that I can afford all the real copys of the comics . Plus you do n't have to worry about the rare comics getting damaged . The only real down fall I see with this is that you do not get any of the tie in comics . Like if the story jumps to another title , you miss it .
 I did n't like Spider-man at first . I was quite a bit like J.J.J. up until New Years Day , 2007 , when I borrowed the first two movies -LRB- the ones with Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst -RRB- from my brother . I was immediately amazed.Shortly after buying my own copies of the movies , I thought of this DVD-ROM . I had bought the Fantastic Four 's collection :44 Years of the Fantastic Four Collector 's Edition Win/Mac -LSB- DVD -RSB- , in the previous year , so I already knew the quality to expect . In addition , trying to collect all these comics in either reprints or back issues -LRB- this set costs a very small fraction of AMAZING SPIDER-MAN # 1 , much less his first appearance in AMAZING FANTASY , also on this disc -RRB- would cost BUKO $ $ $ , and the problem with back issues
 This is a great idea ! 540 + Amazing Spiderman comics on one DVD-rom . And , the original adds and letters pages scanned onto the disc as well.But ... I miss holding those magical Marvel Comics in my hand . Then again , now I get to view the incredible art and read the incredible stories of comics I wished to own as a kid , and ca n't afford NOW even as an adult!Sometimes , reading the comics on your MAC or PC with Adobe Reader can be tricky . Once I got used to it , I forgot about all the troubles I had when I first received the DVD - rom.For the money , all you Spider - Man fans should buy this product !
 You are getting a heck of a lot for very little money with this collection . You 're paying less than a dollar for each YEARS worth of comics . Sure this wo n't raise the value of your comic collection , but who cares ? These collections are intended for people who actually want to read their comics , not for those who are looking for an investment . With most publishers dipping back into the mid-90 's habit of making multiple covers of the same issue just to increase sales , a disc like this allows the reader to get down to what really matters
 I bought both this DVD and the X-men DVD and I love both . However , I had to contact customer service . When I tried to view the DVD it woul dnot auto boot nor would it show anything but the 1960 's folder in Windows explorer . I was perplexed why only one folder would show . I tried the DVD on 3 computers . On an older machine I keep at work for a backup the DVD worked fine . It would not work on my newer desktop or laptop.Customer service suggested that there was a problem with Roxio DVD/CD burner software I had . My older computer only had Nero on it and not Roxio so I figured this was the case.They suggested that I uninstall Roxio , which I ca n't really do as I enjoy using Roxio and Nero for different tasks . I am hoping they solved the problem with their software and this would appear to be the case since the X-Men DVD works well.Both were well worth the $ 33 paid for them so I could catch up with that kid in me !
 over all its a five , but it was labeled as NEW and after getting it , it was easy to see that it was not . My husband is n't interested in the cover as he is in reading the comics .
 This was a great purchase . I 'm not a fan of the 2000 spiderman series but this has all the great issues from the 60 's - 2006 and the best decade for Spiderman , the 1970 's , Kirby was the greatest . My kids love reading these on the screen , you can zoom and you get all the issues for a great price . They are scanned from the original books , include the ads as well . Not as sharp as the marvel digital comics but they 're yours and you do n't have to deal with the marvel automatic renewal issue . Worth it for any fan .
 I am thinking about buying this for my boyfriend for christmas because he is a total spider-man fan . Is it in color ?
 I had the entire collection of Spider-Man when I was a kid , being an adolescent I decided it was time to let go my collection , that was my worst mistake in my life , I had a second chance and here I am , owner of this digital collection , if you are a true Spidey fan get it , is worth it and is way too cheap .
 In high school and college I collected the dead tree editions of several Spidey books . Spectacular and Web Of were my two staples . But as a die hard Spidey fan , having all of these issues on one disc , is unbelievable . Going back to Day One and seeing those first appearances is really cool . Likewise , it was a lot of fun to see where the modern-day story line has gone.Another great aspect of these archived issues is seeing all of the original ads . Forget Xbox and Playstation , all the cool kids want an NES or a Genesis under their Christmas tree this year . Lots of nostalgia for spider-fans of any era . The compelling art , great story lines , complete with all of the Annuals . Its all here . If you love the Webhead , or know someone who does , this is a great way to enjoy all of the storylines , without taking up several closets to archive these issues in the requisite boards , bags , and boxes.And all of the villains are here . The various goblins , Sandman , Rhino , right on through to Venom and Carnage . Plus the super sexy curves of Mary Jane as she 's been drawn through the years . Makes me want to get my hands on some of the other collections available , such as Ghost Rider .
 Being able to instantly read any Amazing Spider-Man comic is a dream . I hope this sells well enough for marvel to continue this . I ca n't recommend this enough.The 2 lone and insignificant caveats :1 . These are hand-scanned images of the comics . So the old ones look a little washed out and all the ads are there -LRB- which I think is awesome , even the staple ! -RRB- 2 . During most of the 90 's , storylines frequently crossed through all the Spider-titles -LRB- Amazing , Spectacular , No Adjective -RRB- . You only get the Amazing issues , so You 'll get a lot of dead issues that leave you wondering what just happened and how it ends.Final note
 I love this purchase ! The only reason I did n't give it five stars is because you still have to track down comic that stories tend to jump between like `` Kraven 's Last Hunt '' . That was the only thing that kinda sucks but I have been a spidey fan since I was a kid watching the cartoon in the 90 's and have begun collecting the comics so this serves as a means to keep those comics in there best condition . AWESOME BUY ! I was somewhat worried about the purchase by some of the less than happy buyers saying the disc did n't work but I have had zero problems .
 item is a neat way to have all the old issues in an easy to read format .
 this collection is awesome . no problems reading it on a computer monitor at all . you can adjust the zoom easily and the quality of the scanned pages is good . the only problem is i feel sitting down and reading real comics is a million times better . it just doesnt feel the same . still i will never be able to afford this collection in its physical form so i overall give it a thumbs up for its value .
 GreatThe Amazing Spider-Man
 Wow . . What can I say ? I started collecting Amazing Spider-man with issue # 300 -LRB- great timing , I must say -RRB- and continued to collect them until issue # 350 or so . Within that time frame I picked up a huge amount of back issues -LRB- oldest is # 21 , # 46 -RRB- from the 60 's and 70 's and ended up with over 150 issues . I still picked up a few issues as I saw them -LRB- the spider-slayer storyline , 375 , 389 , etc. -RRB- but simply invested my $ in home movies and stereo systems . I never imagined I could one day read the entire saga of Amazing from start to present day.Any current collector of Amazing Spider-Man or a new virgin of Spidey should pick this up ! Highly recommended . Now i can buy new bags/backboards for my huge collection , seal them up and never have to look at them again with this wonderful purchase ! A must ! Be warned
 There is no way a scan is going to be better than the original its scanned from.Unless you expect somebody to retouch 11,000 + pages you will be happy with this package.It 's looks exactly like you remember the original comics.I 'm delighted with this DVD and am delighted there 's no more being produced .
 I grew up with Spiderman ... on TV as TV movies and cartoons ... but I always thought that there was more to it than that.Getting this box set makes the world of Spiderman come alive . I completely missed out on the original stories of Gobbie , Doc Oc , Venom , Carnage ... all that ... but no longer . I like seeing where the world starts and comes all the way through 2006 . I also have the Iron Man DVD and will most likely pick up the Incredible Hulk and possibly the Avengers set as well.I 've liked X-Men , so that might be a future purchase as well .
 All of these Marvel complete collections on DVD-ROM are insanely great values , but this one is even better than the others . Like all of them , you get the classic stories from the '60s , the decent stories from the '70s and '80s , and the horrible stories from the '90s . But whereas the Fantastic Four and Uncanny X-Men have been fairly undistinguished in the ' 00s , Amazing Spider-Man has had a superb run by J. Michael Straczynski . Straczynski 's run up to 2006 is collected in ten graphic novels , which are ... well , you can look the price up here on Amazon , if you want a precise number . But suffice it to say that if you just wanted to read those modern comics , and did n't care about the Lee/Ditko era or anything else before the turn of the century , you 'd STILL be saving piles of money.As far as the quality and ease-of-use of the comics go , my expectations have been met and exceeded , and I 'm picky . The scans are high-quality two-page spreads -LRB- including all ads and letters and Bullpen Bulletins , which are interesting in their own right -- I ca n't wait until I start reading Hostess Fruit Pie ads -RRB- and show about as much detail as actually exists in the source . Plus , these are regular ol' PDFs , so there 's no need to install some weird proprietary application on your computer -LRB- and Adobe Reader in full-screen mode on a 1600x1200 display is absolutely perfect for reading a two-page spread -RRB- . I bought this along with the Avengers , X-Men , and Fantastic Four sets , and am reading them all in parallel month-by-month , starting at the beginning . This does n't quite fulfill my childhood dream of having every Marvel comic ever published and reading them all in order -LRB- though it 'll get even closer once they release their Captain America , Hulk , and Thor DVDs -RRB- , but it 's a heck of a lot closer than I ever thought I 'd get , for a heck of a lot less than I ever thought I 'd have to pay.I ca n't recommend these sets -- and particularly this one -- enough to any fan of Marvel superhero comics.One very mild caveat
 This set has got everything . Almost every major Spider-man moment is in this collection . From Spider-man 's first appearance in Amazing Fantasy # 15 , his wedding , and not to forget those great super-villain battles with the Green Goblin and Venom.Each issue is scanned in . pdf format . It has all the original colors , ads , and fan mail printed . They are all organized by year and it says they are all printable . If you are looking for the entire Stan Lee and John Romita Sr. 's run , here it is . It is great to see where Todd Mcfarlane , the creator of Spawn got his start on old webhead . J. Michael Strackzynski , the writer of Babylon 5 also takes a crack at Spider-man 's life.The collection covers the beginning from Amazing Fantasy # 15 to Amazing Spiderman # 531 , which is around the start of Marvel 's Civil War.Instead of spending thousands of dollars on purchasing back issues , you can own this entire collection for around $ 40 - $ 45 . If you have the ink , you can print out any issue to your heart 's desire.The only drawbacks are around the 80s when several spider-man books begin to crossover . You only get a part of the story in Kraven 's Last Hunt or Maximum Carnage . One major moment of Spider-man 's life is left out , where he fights Harry Osborn as Green Goblin . The conclusion of that story took place in The Spectacular Spider-man title . That problem is going to fixed in the future as GIT Corp. has plans to release a complementary collection dvd that includes The Spectacular Spider-man , Web of Spiderman , and Peter Parker
 Amazon made an error in describing a new edition of this dvd that goes through December 2006 . I contacted the manufacturer , GIT , and they said there is no second version . The dvd only goes thru June 2006 . So nobody is being cheated
 I 'm not a Spider-Man fan . I love POWERS , THE ULTIMATES , SUPREME POWER , PLANETARY and other stuff by Warren Ellis , Brian Michael Bendis , et.al . So when I bought this , I wondered if spending a whopping $ 49 would be worth it.I wanted to read Straczynski 's recent run of Spider-Man , but if I was going to spend about $ 20 on a graphic novel , why not spend a little more for the whole thing . And that 's just what you get . In addition to getting Straczynski 's 4-year run -LRB- which includes Spider-Man 's evolution and discovery of his totemic powers -RRB- , you get everything leading up to JUNE 2006 -LRB- which is just like 3 issues ago ! -RRB- . And all on 1 DVD-ROM . True , the Cons are that when it comes to Crossovers , you only get the Amazing Spider-Man stories and reading it off your computer is n't as fun as reading the actual comics -- but that does n't compare to getting the entire run . It 's like complaining about getting a free PS3 , XBox360 AND Nintendo Wii , because the box did n't come with it or you 're missing one controller . $ 50 may seem steep , but if comics cost $ 3 now , so for the price of like one or two months worth of comics -- or for 2 books , you get everything . And it 's true , you can just print out the pages if you want -LRB- so if you want to abuse your office or school 's printer , go for it ! -RRB-
 Length :
 I bought this as an impulse buy . -LRB- Thanks to all the good reviews -RRB- But I must say this product is well worth it ! And seeing as I work at a computer throughout most of the week reading Spider-Man through PDFs are great . Most times I just copy about 79 issues worth of spider-man onto my USB Key and I 'm good to go . And just to keep this on topic ... . AWESOME Deal and an amazing steal ! 500 + issues for only the price of about two really good graphic novels , great stuff ! Buy it ! ` Nuff said .
 I really ca n't give this many Spider-man comics all tucked away in one DVD anything less than 4 stars . This convenience is probably why you are considering buying this and reading my review . All the comics are scanned in as double page spreads , adds and all . Since the scans were made two pages at a time , the comic spread open on its staples on the scanning bed , sometimes one of the pages is crooked as the comic did n't open neatly . Not really a big deal as no one reads a comic opened perfectly flat anyway . The comics are read in Adobe Reader , and if your monitor is 13 '' wide or more you can read the comics at actual size -LRB- in full screen mode -RRB- . So far so good . If GIT left well enough alone they 'd have a perfect product -LRB- missing the Giant Sizes of the mid 70s unfortunately -RRB- . However , it was decided to `` clean-up '' the old issues by brightening the backgrounds until they were super-white -LRB- even when the originals were fresh off the press they were n't this white -RRB- , which results in significant color fading and color loss , not to mention that nobody enjoys looking into a bright white computer screen - it tires the eyes . Matters are made worse by applying an unsharp mask filter indiscriminately to every page , which creates some bizarre effects with the benday dot patterns . I would much rather they just left the scans alone . What we are left with are faded and grainy versions of the originals.I could mention that , over 40 years , every Spider-man reprint has been botched in some way , but actually there are decent CBR files being exchanged around the Internet that are superior in quality to these scans , though you do n't get all the adds , and the early Ditkos are not from the originals like they are on this set . So if you want every page and add from Spider-man # 1 you 'll have to get this disc , which comes in a colorful , gatefolded cardboard box that has no function whatsoever.Don ' t go thinking they 'll let you save any of these pages as jpegs . They 're read only .
 `` The Amazing Spider-Man Complete Comic Book Collection '' is a necessary part of any true `` Amazing Spider-Man '' comic book collector 's collection . The only thing that is better then this collection is having the original books themselves . The Scans are complete books from cover to cover , ads , and pinups.The scans look good at 800 % zoon , but I find that 200 % makes for an easy and clear reading of the scans . It is wonderful to be able to view the scans from any computer and prints them to read from other locations . The prints look equally as good as the scans.I would recommend the `` The Amazing Spider-Man Complete Comic Book Collection '' to any true Amazing Spider-Man collector , who wants to see 43 years of the amazing stories , of Marvel 's most amazing character , the one the only Amazing Spider-Man .
 Here 's one way to customize your PDF browser so you can actually read these things . Using Adobe Reader 8 . Even if you just do steps 1,2 and 5 it can really help .1 . Go to VIEW > Reading Mode2 . Go to VIEW > TOOLBARS > Hide Toolbars3 . Go to EDIT > Preferences-Under Full Screen Setup uncheck `` Fill Screen With One Page at a Time '' and unceck `` Current Document only '' - Under Full Screen Navigation uncheck `` Left click to go forward one page ; right click to go back one page '' and CHECK `` Show Navigation Bar `` 4 . Click OK5 . Go to VIE > ZOOM > Zoom Too ... 6 . Zooom to 150 % and continue to increase your zoom untill one page fills your screen . Mine is at 190 % all monitors are different .7 . Go to Full Screen Mode >> > FinishedIn Full Screen Mode you can now easily pan threw the comic one page at a time using your mouse and turn the pages using your Navigation Bar . a transition can be added to make it appear as though the pages were really turning . try it . and goodluck
 GIT really did a fine job with these comic collections . Too bad Marvel is now going totally online and wo n't let anyone have the actual comics in hand anymore . * sigh * Oh , well -- but if you can get it used -LRB- or from GIT -RRB- , go for it . It 's definitely worth the money !
 This product includes actual . pdf scans of the comic books . I think my brother feels like a 10 year old kid again .
 This must be the best idea Marvel has ever had.I found here comics I red as a kid , it brought many memories and spenta really good time remembering them.It is incredible the ammount of comics included here , there is no waste of money at all.The only true thing I regret is tt Marvel has cancelled its deal with GIT , the enterprise responsible for creating these treasures , and there will be no more DVD ROM from other titles , like Dare Devil or Thor.Instead , Marvel bets to comic online reading.As a Marvel fan , I really regret this , as I do not pretend to pay for comics tt I can not keep and storage for my own kids.As a comic collector , I find Marvel 's idea offensive.This DVD idea was great , as we all know tt paper comics can not last forever.While many books are being digitalized , this kind of art suffers forcorporative matters , beyond art itself.Anyway , get this while they 're out there , you wo n't regret it .
 A excellent bargain for any Spider-Man fan . It is on a cd-rom and requires either windows or mac . A definite 5 stars .
 I bought this collection about a year ago because I had just subscribed to The Amazing Spider-Man series and I thought that this would help to limit any confusion that I had concerning the story since it had been nearly ten years since I 'd laid hands on a Spidey comic.The image quality on this disc is great and all the stories are there with ads and all and it 's just like reading it straight from the book . It 's also great because you get all of the Amazing series comics for about the same price as one or two TPBs , though if you want to read complete stories from arcs that spanned across other series , like Maximum Carnage , then you 'll have to buy a few TPBs anyway.All in all this collection is very good and I can now say that I own every single Amazing Spider-Man comic that has been released since Amazing Fantasy 15 .
 Way too many comics too read , but it will give me something to do for another year or so .
 This product was delivered quickly and safely . The product was everything I hoped it would be and more .
 I 'm one of those Spider-Man fans that does n't feel like they need to own the actual comics and spend a thousand dollars , but I do want to read all of them . I 've looked high and low for a complete collection that I can just read and enjoy and this is by far the best collection out there . It is so easy to use and fun to read . The only reason I did n't give five stars is because if you are zoomed to 100 % , some of the words are blurry . Zooming in fixes this problem completely , but it makes navigating through the pages a little harder . Overall , I am extremely satisfied with this product and would recommend it to any web-slinger fan .
 I heard about this from a friend and I HAD to get it . I absolutely LOVE it ! All the issues including the old ads ... takes me back to when I first read these issues . Yes , the issues are scanned , so they 're not super clear , but that 's exactly how I remember the comic being too , so it made me love it more . If you 're an old school Spidey fan , you will love this !!!!!
 I got this for my husband for Christmas , and he loves it . It requires Adobe Reader 7 , but the reader is free to download online . Since my husband collected Spiderman comics as a young man , this digital copy of the books provided him with the sentimental connection to what he had already read and the pleasure of reading earlier and later issues . Note that these are scanned copies of comic books , so some of the copies are not in pristine condition . However , they are readable . My husband also noted that some of the letters to the editor were interesting because they reflected on events contemporary to each comic book 's publication .
 I was disappointed in this software particularly when comparing it to Microsoft 's Streets and Trips which had far better mapping details and features at a considerable savings . To give this program its due however I must admit that there are significantly more points of interest -LRB- restaurants , hospitals , hotels , etc. -RRB- available in this program than its Microsoft counterpart.Garmin requires you to purchase THEIR maps for all their GPS units . And those maps are expensive and this product is no exception . I bought v 6 which is an updated version of v 5 . I understand that you can upgrade for free.Streets and Trips by Microsoft is an elegant and intuitive program providing you with powerful mapping tools that are , IMO , far better than those provided by Garmin.Garmin does have an edge on the number of points of interest but in all other facets of the mapping program Streets and Trips excels IMO.I disliked the Garmin solution and their forcing me to buy their expensive maps so much that I bought Microsoft 's Streets and Trips with GPS Locator for under $ 100 and found a solution that , for me , works much better particularly in an automobile.Don ' t get me wrong , this is an excellent program when used in conjunction with the Garmin hardware . My major complaints are the pricing of the software , the mapping details are n't as good as Streets and Trips , and other mapping functions including but not limited to panning and zooming work better in Streets and Trips . Again , the number of points of interest and the ability to plot a course to any of them with a touch of a button are superb features of City Select.If you are buying this program exclusively because you own a Garmin GPS then , rest assured , this product will fulfill your needs admirably . If however you are looking just for a mapping program then Microsoft 's Streets and Trips would serve you better at 1/3 the price . And if your GPS needs are limited to the automobile and you do n't need a handheld solution then Microsoft 's Streets and Trips with GPS Locator at less than $ 100 offers an incredible value !
 Several reviewers are confusing Garmin Mapsource which has free updates -LRB- it is the program that runs on your computer -RRB- and Garmin City Select -LRB- the mapping data program -RRB- that has NO FREE UPDATES ! Updating from version 5 to version 6 costs $ 75 .
 I ordered v6 after the cutoff date for a free upgrade . Nice . : - -RRB- The upgrade came in the mail in a reasonable amount of time and installed over v6 with no problems . Also nice.I used it on a first-time ever trip to New York and it kept me from getting lost -LRB- and confused -RRB- more than once . Definitely worth it.BUT -LRB- and there 's always a but -RRB- , there 's so much detail in the maps that I could n't download as much as I wanted to my eTrex VistaC -LRB- 24 Meg of RAM -RRB- . Granted , New York has a lot of stuff to download , so the maps take a lot of memory . But I have the same problem with San Francisco Bay Area maps.The other gotcha ' -LRB- and a more serious one -RRB- is bad/outdated information . For example , in my home town City Select v7 still shows a Coco 's restaurant that 's been CLOSED for nearly five years . But it DOES N'T show a Taco Bell that 's been in business right across the street for at least 10-15 years , and is still open . Go figure ... I do n't want to sound too negative . Overall , a fantastic product . But the first thing I learned about maps in Boy Scouts was that all maps have mistakes , somewhere . And this map is no exception . So do n't always expect to find that gas station or restaurant where your GPS says it is . But I 'd buy it again , in a heartbeat .
 ... great stuff - knows even the road in our apartment community - lots of points of interests , knows also your Vons store around the corner , wow ! Routing to an adress works great ! - I even used it in the mexican desert and I found my way out again to write this review - all in all , simply very satisfying !
 This product works well with my Garmin 60CS GPS . All you need is the hardware to attach your GPS to the computer . The program is easy to operate . You can load sections of maps to your GPS where ever you want to go . you just click on sections you want to send to your GPS and they are put in . Easy to operate .
 I bought a Garmin 76CSx and this mapping software just before leaving for a trip from Kansas City to New Orleans . Although I learned a lot along the way , the operation seemed to be pretty intuitive . It got me all around New Orleans , even with a lot of street signs missing from hurricane Katrina . I was very impressed with the `` recalculation '' feature . Several times I either missed a turn or was unable to turn due to debris , etc. . Within a very few hundred feet , the GPS software had replotted and displayed an alternative route which invariably got me to my destination.I gave this software four stars mainly because I have n't used it enough to give it five - yet . I was especially impressed with the `` Find '' feature . It located motels , restaurants , gas stations , and all sorts of other facilities and arranged them by proximity , closest ones first , and then provided me with names , addresses and phone numbers for each facility . Then it offered to show me a map or navigate to the facility . Pretty doggone slick.A little pricey , but it sure did what it was supposed to do . I 'm impressed .
 I use this with my Garmin 76cs gps system . It basically works great . I was able to make a 1500 mile round trip & find restaurants , stores , etc. . At home , it is not as comprehensive as on-line yellow pages and the like ; it does n't have everything there is in it . But it is a LOT better than pulling off the road in the middle of east LA and hoping to find a bathroom !! I never got lost , even with my 13-year-old operating the gps . -LRB- It did take a few hours of playing around to get familiar with , but after that it is pretty easy to use . -RRB-
 I got the Garmic 60CS GPS and was thrilled with it , but I quickly realized the functionality was somewhat limited with just city and major highway data . The v6 CD-ROM really unlocks the power of this toy . The price seemed a little steep , but it seems to have a pretty complete database with few errors . I 've encountered a few smaller roads it does n't know about , but nothing is perfect .
 I have been shopping properties and this has made my life so much easier . I just input the address and my gpsmap76cs takes me right to the front door . Well worth the price .
 The City Select software , available for my Vista-C , allows me to go anywhere , and eliminates 3 of my travel pet peeves .1 . I do n't have to do map searches on paper maps ... 2 . I do n't have to go to mapquest ... 3 . I do n't have to ask for directions -LRB- my biggest peeve -RRB- ... The only negative is I ordered the V6 , which is a CD version.I received V7 from Amazon , and had to buy a DVD drive for the laptop ... I give Amazon 's order department zero stars ...
 I just received my version 6 . Funny how they foward the reviews for the older versions to the new versions.Great product . I was able to fit most of western PA and the edges of OH and WV on a 24mb Etrex Vista C . The autorouting works really well and it will correct on the fly if you go off course.It 's easy to use . Highly recommend it .
 I wo n't get into the whole `` Got ta use Garmin maps with Garmin units '' , I will just say that if you have a Garmin GPS , this is the software to get . It is expensive , but worth the money , in my opinion.Very few glitches with the auto routing and combined with the 60c , it reroutes rather quickly . Easy software to install and easy to manipulate through the software .
 I started using MapSource 6.0 with a Garmin Quest and therefore I 've become very facile in using it . Every once in a great while it will get an address slightly wrong . There is a restaurant in Ft. Lauderdale called Sage and it 's located in a shopping center . MapSource consistently puts it on the wrong side of the street . However , this is a rare occurence.I travel a lot , and take my Garmin Quest with me all over the country . It is , quite simply put , invaluable . It always gets me where I need to go and quickly corrects itself if I make a wrong turn . I ca n't imagine life without it anymore ! I even use it on my bike for long trips throughout southern Florida.I just upgraded to version 7 and assume that it will be an update of new streets , etc. . I can only say that I 'd buy both the Garmin Quest and MapSource all over again . If I had to ask for new features , it would be the following :1 . It would be better if instead of the unit saying `` In 400 feet , turn left '' it said , `` In 400 feet , turn left onto Main St. '' This may be more of a Quest limitation than the sw .2 . When looking up addresses that contain NW , East , etc. , leave out the direction and only enter the street name . As an example , if the address is 123 NW Main St. , search only on 123 Main St. You will then be presented with the `` NW '' part in the search results window . For whatever reason , MapSource does horribly with directional addresses . It will almost always return no results for your search .3 . If you 're buying a new model -LRB- I really like my Garmin -RRB- , be sure that it is Bluetooth compatible . The Quest is not . The advantages of using a Bluetooth phone with the unit become evident the first time you do it . It immediately adds a speakerphone to your car and allows most GPS units to update themselves with the latest traffic information.In short , I give this sw 5 stars ! Everything in life should be so reliable and deliver such value !
 This software has incredible potential , but can be difficult to use . It comes with the numbers to unlock all the maps , but I have n't figured out how to make it stop asking me for the unlock code every time I want to look at the maps . I love the detail it provides and am looking forward to an upcoming trip to put its incredible potential to use .
 I had the hardware -LRB- Garmin Legend GPS -RRB- but needed this program . Works great with some issues -LRB- some odd routes -RRB- but nothing that I think most mapping programs do not have . Easy to install and intuitively designed . My only issue is the price - but then the GPS is way underutilized w/o these products .
 I 'm still discovering the power of this program - at least when teamed with the Garmin 60CS . Auto routing , waypoints , detailed maps , assistance in finding the nearest gas station ... the list is nearly endless.I 've recommended this combination to several of my friends who are also consultants and who operate in a broad geography .
 I just applied the patch 6.01 from v6 .0 Its really worth buying this . Even I contacted them twice requesting new feature when I was using v6 .0 ... and its there in 6.01 . Only annoying thing is the vehicle Vessel/Pointer will not stay in the direction we go ... I expect the vehicle Point should stay in the direction we go and the Map should automatically change or move . I would request GARMIN to add this feature in their very next release . But Still I give 5 StarsThanks to GARMIN
 You 've seen these types of 3D images before . They 're the kind that used that grooved plastic that were used for 3D album covers , postcards , and sports cards . When I saw this kit on -LSB- ... -RSB- , I thought I 'd give it a try.I had a photo of my dog , who passed away last year , and I thought it would be a good image to make 3D . I just printed out the image and I 'm pleased to announce that it works really well.Here 's how it works
 I saw this product on amazon and got it as a gift through my wishlist . The technolagy utilized in this product -LRB- lenticular printing -RRB- is commonly used to make 3d or moving hallmark cards . The lens allows the each eye to see a sligtly diffrent picture , resulting in a 3d illusion . In order to use the frame , you have to install the included program on a PC . Then you use the application to select the object you want in the foreground . I recomend you set the depth setting to high . Then you print it out with a decent printer , crop it -LRB- unless you have a photo printer -RRB- and insert it into the frame . The results are eye popping . It was so cool , I must have shown to 50 people , each of whom wowed when they saw the picture . They all saw the 3D effect . You can not go wrong with this frame .
 I only used the GRE one , so can not comment on the others . Using a computer-based system to prepare for the GRE is MUCH better than paper and pencil . The program itself is n't really updated from several years ago -LRB- this means find a used copy if you can -RRB- , but as long as you take the test soon its ok as I believe they are not going to release a new version of the GRE with different test question types until September 2007 .
 HELPED PREPARE FOR EXAM GREATLY . SAMPLE TEST QUESTIONS WERE OF MOST HELP .
 Very helpful , but be prepared to spend quite a bit of time with it .
 This is a really good way to study . The program is fun and easy to use .
 Fantastic Item ... the only thing I do n't like is the fact that you ca n't print out the math flash cards .
 It came in on time and was in good condition . No real complaints here .
 Worked as it always has for years . No problems with virus intrusions .
 I have never used this version , but I have used Mcafee antivirus products in the past and they did a good job , so this one deserves five stars by default.What is about Florida that ...
 purchased for my granddaughter to use with HER 5-month-old daughter . My granddaughter is learning French and improving her Hebrew . We expect that this will help the litle one to learn both languages , as a toddler , since her father speaks French.So far the little one enjoys listening to the CD . This obviously puts her in a good mood for learning the two languages .
 This CD has lots and lots of pretty pictures of Yellostone National Park . It just shows you how beautiful this country is.I spent several hours going through the dozens and dozens of pictures and even brougth my friends over to look at them too.It reminded me that you can go far and wide across the globe but still find natures most beautiful things right here in America.I enjoyed the way you can zoom in and out on the streams and lakes .
 I recently bought this for my 4 yr . old daughter who is just learning to use a computer , and she absolutely loves it . There are so many areas to explore and so many options to choose from that I think it will be quite a while before she tires of playing with it . There are 7 different creatures to play with , and you can change the seasons to see how each creature lives at that time of year , so that gives you 28 different scenes to explore with plenty of hidden hotspots to click on . The characters are adorable , playful and informative . The nature facts are presented in an easygoing , conversational manner and are easy enough for my daughter to comprehend , yet are n't too `` dumbed-down '' for older children or parents -LRB- I learned quite a lot from it ! -RRB- . Some of the games are a little challenging for a 4 year old , but you are always encouraged to try again , and often given hints after wrong answers . Most of the games are based on knowledge gained throughout the program , so you can see how much your child is learning in the process.The overall `` atmosphere '' of the program is pretty mellow , with watercolor and pen-and-ink style graphics and quieter music and voices . It definitely wo n't get your kids revved up before bedtime!I highly recommend this to anyone looking for less flash , more facts , but still fun software for their kids . I will definitely check out another Oscar the Balloonist title when my daughter finally finishes with this one .
 Love this series of computer games for children . Gentle and genteel . Informative and clever .
 My daughter found this obscure game at our library . It is a series put out by the Canadian Forestry and Health Departments to assist children in learning about these important functions . They reminded us a great deal of the magic schoolbus , however the interactive aspect really helps those who are visual and hands on learners . Also the game includes many different language selections , so you can expose you children to different ways of saying the same things should that be important for you . We set ours between French , English , Japanese and Russian and Emm likes to change the settings to learn new words too ! Our favourite apsect about the game though , is how it teaches Emm to respect trees as living things while also teaching her about all of the scientific information as well ! Thanks to the CBC to put out such a fantastic game !
 It 's too bad the only other review is so negative . This is the finest Greek lexicon available , and is well worth the investment to own in electronic format . In-depth word studies are now just a mouse click away . If you own are considering buying Logos Bible Software , this book will integrate seamlessly with other books in your library . Since all words are arranged alphabetically in Greek , you will need at least a basic knowledge of the Greek alphabet in order to navigate through the lexicon .
 If you like Turbo Tax or Quicken , you will definitely be pleased with this software . I found that I was not unnecessarily prompted , and that there was plenty of additional support/documentation if/when needed . You are lead through several steps in completing each section of your will , and are not permitted to skip steps -LRB- since this is a legal document , that is a very good feature -RRB- . The software is very intuitive , as is expected , and the graphics are subdued and pleasing visually . As a bonus , there is a large reference book that comes with the software . An excellent buy .
 I am fortunate enough to have had a lawyer as a best friend and a roommate during undergraduate school , so I did n't need to use this as a substitute for a good lawyer . If your estate or legal matters are as substantial or complicated as it tends to be for most of us who have worked a lifetime as a professional , there is really is no substitue for the advice and guidance of a good lawyer . Ah , but they -LRB- like good woman -RRB- are sometimes hard to find , and this software acts as a good prompter in organizing your concerns and raising relevant questions regarding what to specifically include and ask questions about , and what to leave to the judgement of the lawyer . Of course , as in all things , being well informed and proactive yourself is an essential first ingredient , and to the extent you are actively engaged , you will find this software to be both user-friendly and quite utilitarian in its approach and applications.That much being said , the software actually forces one to be careful , cautious , and comprehensive by insisting one proceeds step by step , which is crucial when attempting to forge a meaningful and purposeful legal document . The rules regarding signatures are something you will likely want to check with your lawyer , and if you do the responsible thing and submit to one for verification -LRB- which is alot less expensive in the long-run than assuming something is correct to find to your horror later that it has opened a Pandora 's box of problems . All in all , this is a useful tool , but I would n't recommend using it as a subtitute for good legal advice in any substantial legal proceeding . Enjoy !
 Actually , this software is n't a substitute for a lawyer if you have a complicated estate . And the estate laws do change , so having an lawyer to advise you , especially if you have children , is probably a good idea . But , if you want to take care of setting up a relatively simple will , and want to revise it from time to time , this software ca n't be beat . It also can be done quickly , thus avoiding the procrastination problem of finding a lawyer and setting up appointments , etc. I first used will-writing software before launching on a few years ' assignment which took me to some very remote parts of the world , including China and India . We were also not in the US at the time , so I did n't have easy access to a US lawyer . So I felt much better knowing I had taken care of my affairs in case something should happen . Dying is n't a pleasant subject , and thinking about it is not fun , but dying intestate -LRB- no will -RRB- is not a nice thing to do to your family and friends . We had a friend who did just that -- died and left no will . The resulting mess was unbelievable . People got hurt . So for the cost of a meal in a restaurant , you can provide yourself with a reasonably good will , with software that is simple to use . Now the estate laws have changed , so this version is a welcome update for maintaining my personal affairs.The software 's best feature is that it wo n't let you skip steps , important in creating a proper legal document . Do n't forget to check how you need to sign the will -LRB- we went over to friends to have it signed and witnessed . -RRB- Your state 's laws might vary , such as in Louisiana , where this software ca n't be used to create a legal will . Other caveats
 worked great for our needs and was exactly what we thought it would be . Easy to use and understand.Really liked the extensive onscreen legal guide .
 I have version 16 and version 12 . Advantages of Version 16 over version 12 . *** You can have the entire application installed on the hard drive . So you do n't need the intall disk to run the application . Not so with Version 12 . This is particularly benefitcal when I am using my laptop and want to maximize my battery life . Also this allowed me to install a version on my Desktop and my laptop.Advantages of bothHave PC & Mac VersionsBoth work on XP and on my Vista LaptopNegative of bothThe graphics have not changed in 4 versions . Why ca n't the software company make some really enhancement to the low res graphics . It seems like it 's stuck in the 80s . Thanks ,
 I was able to teach myself moderate typing skills using this easy software . It is kinda fun , and I could have improved skills , but do n't really need better typing speed and was not willing to spend more time .
 There are a ton of plants listed that you can choose from and it tells you a lot of information about each . While it is a bit confusing at first , switching between views and figuring out where everything is at . Once you get the hang of it , it is somwhat simple to use , you can even add your own photos to the landscape which is nice . It also has project ideas to base yours on . Very good value for the price overall . You just have to be patient to learn how to use it . It took me maybe 2 hours of siting there to get a realistic look of the garden I was imagining .
 After using -LRB- and abusing -RRB- Xandros v3 .02 for over a year and watching Windows try to plug their `` security flaws '' for eons before that , I decided to do the upgrade to Xandros Home Edition.If you 're looking for an exceptional ALTERNATIVE to Windows XP -LRB- and beyond -RRB- , look no further . Just be aware that Xandros is NOT Windows and never will be . It 's much more secure and stable than Windows can ever hope to be.Installation was a snap . Just insert the CD and reboot . Five or six mouse-clicks later , you 're in business . I did , however , back up everything I did n't want to lose -- just in case -- and it paid off . I did n't lose a byte of my stuff.Xandros Home came with the latest & greatest open source software including FireFox 1.5 , Thunderbird 1.5 and OpenOffice 2.0 . If you 're coming over from a Windows environment , chances are you wo n't notice much difference between this distribution of Linux and Windows . That is , of course , until you notice there are any virii , trojan , etc. and you have to try pretty hard to crash your system . The big difference is installing software . It 's not as easy as Windows so expect to jump through a couple of hoops.Support comes from two sources
 I have used a number of other Linux distro 's over the years.But this Version of Xandros Desktop Home Edition Basic.IS THE BEST YET ... While they offer you an activation code to use that is limited to 10 times before calling in to be issued a new one.Is NO Big Deal , to an honest user.While I 've read one review here saying they seen nothing Mentioned of this on the Xandros Website , must not have looked to much , Because I found it easy , IT 's there you just have too read a little.Xandros just like like all other Linux distro 's does not require you to Activate it in order to be able to use it.Only if you want the ease of One Click downloads.Using their Servers , Which to me is more then understandable.You have the option to link into the unsupported debian repo 's and install from there.And use their Expert install mode.Which as long as you know the Name of the App your looking for it 's still One Click Easy.Just Click on the Programs you want name and it installs that as well as it 's dependecies.And one final Cudo for Xandros is their Updating Tool.Simple and easy to use , as well as easy to Config.You do n't even need to have your OS Activated for it to work.Unlike another Linux distro I used that required you to be a Club Member at $ 122.00 a year to use the Auto Update notification feature of their OS.It had to be done Manually if you were n't a member of their Club.All in all a Fantastic and The Most eaisest to use Linux OS on the Planet.I GIVE IT 3 Thumbs Up ...
 I thought it explained difficult concepts clearly . As for the software , I installed it on my Windows XP PC , and it did not work properly until I downloaded a patch from the internet . After that , it worked fine . Downloading and installing the patch was not difficult , because when the program launches it asks you if you want to check for updates . If you click yes , it finds and installs the patch . Still , here 's hoping that the patch is included in the next version .
 A very impressive educational program ! It contains hundreds of animated lessons ranging from basic math all the way through high school trigonometry.It is really cool the way the program uses talking animated avatars to explain the material . They do it as though the avatars are having a discussion amongst themselves , with glances , facial expressions , and humor . It 's very interesting . I also like the way that the teaching avatars are based on kids of various ages and ethnicities.The program also includes `` widgets '' . Each of the thirteen chapters contains two or more widgets related to the subject matter . These are like specialized calculators , but instead of just giving an answer the widgets show precisely how to solve each problem step by step . A robot voice describes the steps and calculations . The robot 's voice is a bit annoying , but you can turn it off.At first there were some timing glitches with some of the lesson animations , but then we clicked on the `` check online for updates '' button and it seems to have fixed the problem ...
 This is a great software program for supplementing math education . It broke down the steps and made it easier to understand for my child.Also as noted , I was getting frustrated with the constant freezing and she was not able to finish the lessons . The reason I found this site was because I decided to look up and find what the problem could be and if anyone else had the problem . I see many have . I did what was suggested and I downloaded the patch until I got the message that said I have the latest version . It took 3 or 4 times but works great afterwards .
 Reason Drum Kits 2.0 Refill is an incredible piece of software . It can be as simple or as complicated as you like . I 've used it to create simple drum kits for a basic drum track in 10 minutes or less , and have also done things with this software as complex as creating a fully-functional drum kit that simulated 11 different mic-ing positions . The quality of the samples is highly impressive - every detail is captured - and the depth of possibilities and kit combinations with this kit is beyond imagination . Only bad parts are - it takes up a decent chunk of memory and RAM , and the naming conventions of the samples are confusing at first -LRB- but they are very easy to figure out after using them a few times . The manual thoroughly covers these naming conventions , however , so if you take the time to read that short section , it will make a lot of sense -RRB- . Note
 Power Writer is my favorite piece of writing software . It 's a word processor for fiction writers . Formatting is a breeze and the Outline View allows you to move chapters of text with a couple clicks . It also makes it easy to find the section you want to work on . -LRB- Especially helpful during revisions . -RRB- My favorite feature is headers for Plot Points . The titles -LRB- - Joe loses wallet , Sally attends funeral , whatever -RRB- appear on the screen in grey type but do not print -LRB- unless you want them to -RRB- or add to the word count . You can shuffle them -LRB- and the accompanying text -RRB- at will . There 's also a screen for notes -LRB- Story Tools -RRB- . The main categories are General Story , Acts , Chapters , Plot Points , and Notes/Research . All your character descriptions , backstory , Must Accomplish Items and so forth are at your fingertips while working on your story or novel -RRB- If the Outline and Story Tools windows distract you , just hide them and view only the word processor.Power Writer does n't tell you how or what to write . It formats , outlines , and keeps all your notes in one convenient spot so that you never have to scrounge your desk for the Post-It note with a character 's middle name or an inspired line of dialogue scrawled on it.It 's a snap to use too.Highly recommended .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Power Writer is a word processor and database . It does keep all of your information in one place . -LRB- weblinks , outlines , character diagrams , and Chapter/Act goals -RRB- . It does not write the story for you or help with plot lines or story goals ... that is for the writer to figure out . It is such a fabulous tool for tracking information and keeping your mind on the work , but it does n't in any way tell you how to do your story or build your characters . You can choose to fill out notes on characters , but it is not a requirement to start writing . I think Fiction writers will find this simple , efficient , and worth the money.I think it is useful to any writer that just needs a way to organize thoughts , historical or environmental data , and keep their eye on the goals of the story.See my review of Dramatica Pro 4 : - -RRB-
 I bought this product with the hopes that I could organize a fiction project that has grown to over 350,000 words -LRB- pre edited obviously -RRB- . Importing the files from Microsoft Word was tedious , I had to save each as rtf format and then import . Considering I had 50-odd chapters when I started , that was a pain , but I did it.The help files are n't very helpful , but email support was good . I 've experienced some strange issues they 've never seen before , never did get to the bottom of them , but they helped me make them `` livable '' . The tutorial did n't make a lot of sense to me , I 'd prefer a different format because while you 're reading it , you ca n't be doing what it suggests -LRB- setting up a file , etc -RRB- at the same time . That would be something to consider doing in the future ... making the tutorial/help files in a pop up box that wo n't disappear as you play with/practice on the actual files.With a lot of playing around & trying different things , a LOT of looking through help files and emailing support , I 've figured the program out for the most part.The best part about the software is the outline pane on the left , it has become invaluable to scan the entirety of the storyline -LRB- w / plot headers -RRB- instantly . Also the ability to track characters is excellent -LRB- IF you take the time to keep the files up to date ! -RRB- . Obviously , the more you put into this software , the more you 'll get out of it . This software does not `` prompt '' you to do anything , but the tools are all there if you so choose to type the information in . When your story covers 35 years of a family 's history , with several interwoven back-stories and sub-plots , you 're wise to track it all from the beginning.My only regret is not having this software 5 years ago when I started this project ; it would have made it so much easier ! For the money , I definitely recommend this software .
 I ABSOLUTELY love this software , and while others are close to it , this one is far more superior . It has alot of different functions and makes writing notes easy , checking off plot points easy , and organizing extremely easy . If you are unorganized , this is perfect for you ! The only problems I 've faced are little glitches and bugs in the software here and there , but whenever I email , they do get to them and fix them . Because of this , it 's important to get the new updates off the web whenever you get the chance . I do wish they had a troubleshooting section also , but overall this is a great program !! I would highly recommend it for both beginners and more advanced writers like myself . Just remember to go through the tutorials before you use it or it tends to get a bit frustrating .
 I never write reviews but I had to for this product . Although , this product does take a little time to familiarize yourself with how it works , it 's worth it . You also have a wonderful support staff that is available to answer all of your questions . I 've called them numerous times and each time they were patient , helpful and solved my problem.I was relunctant to buy this product at first with some of the reviews that were written , but I 'm a happy Power Writer customer !
 Like the other reviewers , I like this software . It is my software of choice for writing my book -LRB- and I researched quite a few before picking this one -RRB- . The thing I like most about the software is the ability to create plot points on the left hand side . I can easily create new chapters with plot points in them and then drag them where I want them to go . This makes looking at the summary of my book really easy . It also writes the plot point -LRB- in a different color -RRB- at the top of the writing part of the program , so I know where I am.The area I am not very impressed with is the notes section . I suppose it is more than sufficient for most books , but I write epic fantasy and I have a ton of locations and characters I am trying to keep track of . I also like to do research on medieval topics , and like having a place to store all that information . My software of choice for the organization part of my writing is called MyBase by wjjsoft -LRB- there 's a free 16 day trial online -RRB- . This software is not specifically designed for writers -LRB- although writers do use it -RRB- , but it 's designed for anyone doing research who has a lot of data to collect . The left side has tabs for as many subjects as you might like . Within those tabs are folders within folders to keep track of ideas . For a little extra cash you can buy their web capture add on -LRB- totally worth it -RRB- to capture entire web pages for scrutiny later -LRB- do n't have to be connected to the web -RRB- . What makes all this worth it is the fact that it zip files everything that is closed so that you do n't have this massive program that is majorly slow . It 's really fast all the time . Now that 's a research software worth having . Makes the little notes section in this one look like child 's play.As you can see , I use both software , and I am happy . Even though you could use the MyBase software to write your book , you 'd have to export it to do spell check . This software is much nicer for that purpose . I love seeing the summary on the left side.There 's my 2 cents . ** Edit on 9/28/11 ** Just found out that a software called Scrivener is coming to Windows users in November 2011 . I remember running into the Scrivener website and absolutely drooling over their amazing looking screenshots . I was very jealous of Mac users because it was only available for Mac at the time . Well , they are on the verge of giving Windows users the same awesome software . I just downloaded their free Windows beta software , and the tutorial video is amazing ! Hopefully the software will be as good as the video looks . Just had to pass that info along . If you are n't worried about running into a bug or two , you can download their Scrivener beta software at their literatureandlatte website . It is about 45 MB in size . Not to mention they will charge less than half of what this software costs for something that that will likely blow Power Writer out of the water in terms of a professional writer 's software . I 'm fired up !
 I have been using the trial version for about a week now . There is a learning curve with regards to the original setup for the field names and columns names to fit the user 's choices vs. the default setup . In my case the best feature of this application is the ability to import an existing database . I have nearly 1,000 items in the 20 year old program I am currently using , and none of the home inventory programs I have tried do not provide any method of importing an existing database . I have no desire to re-enter every item , and all of the details of each item of my current database into a new program.The best part of this program is that you can import any existing database via a spreadsheet created from an exported file of your existing program . My current program exports all data to a . txt file which in turn can be converted by MS Excel to a comma delimited spreadsheet . I saved the spreadsheet as a . txt file , a . csv file , and as an . xls file . This program can import access -LRB- . mdb -RRB- , excel -LRB- . xls -RRB- , and comma delimited text -LRB- . csv -RRB- files . I tried the . xls file first which worked fine with one exception . The serial number field appears to be formatted as a number only field and when imported would only show serial numbers that did not have any alpha characters in the serial number . So I emailed tech support and I received a reply the next day advising I should try using the . csv file spreadsheet as the import rather than the . xls file . I did as they said and the import worked great , including all of the serial numbers.This import feature alone is worth the price of this application in my opinion . As the other reviewer wrote , yes there are some bugs , but nothing that I was not able to deal with , and did not cause any problems to the program as a whole . The only thing I have not tried and can not comment on would be the backup and restore process which saves the database in a `` zip '' file . So based on the low price , and the great import feature , I feel this program deserves 5 stars , but reduced by 1 because of the bugs .
 My 3 yr old LOVES this game . It 's very basic and he wips through the screens quickly but he does it again and again and again and loves playing with the game .
 I am with the lady who said she could n't understand the negative reviews . My daughter is 6 and still enjoys both this and the preschool version . It is very age appropriate . easy to use , easy to navigate . fun interaction with Disney favorites . Loved it !
 This program is wonderful . It is one of my 2 1/2 year old son 's favorites . The program is designed as if Mickey were speaking right to him . The program is easy to use and understand . It does a terrific job at reinforcing your toddler 's listening skills , as well as enhancing their coordination skills to manipulate the mouse .
 This is the first computer game we bought for our 2 1/2 year-old . Since she was a complete novice using the computer , I liked the way she could manipulate the game by just touching keys on the keyboard . However , she very soon figured out that she could also use the mouse to move the game along-without needing to click at all . Just moving the cursor , which is a miniature Mickey Mouse gloved hand , causes letters , shapes , and numbers to pop out or go away . By now she has learned to go from one screen to another by merely moving the cursor to the right spot on the screen , for instance to go from letters with Mickey to shapes with Minnie , or to colors with Goofy . -LRB- There is also sounds and musical effects with Donald , and numbers with Pluto . -RRB- Hence she is able to play the game entirely by herself , and loves to do so . In this regard it seems the perfect game to start out a little one on the computer.In addition the game itself is entertaining due to the cute graphics and cheery music . My daughter enjoys moving her feet and humming along to the music played when finding shapes with Minnie . Each different character has its own `` theme '' music . The only real drawback to this game is that it would probably be too slow and un-stimulating to a child who already has lots of computer experience , and would also be boring to an older child who already knows their letters , shapes , numbers and colors really well , or who needs more interaction from computer games of software .
 Our three year old just got this from her Grandpa , and she loves the program ! It is easy for her to use since she does not have to be able to use the buttons extensively . She can just roll the track ball -LRB- or mouse -RRB- over things to make things happen . The pictures are clear , and pretty , and captivating . The sound is great . This program also came with a bonus Bugs Life Game which was a blast for us older ones to play with the kids . I highly recommend this program for starting your child onto computers along with our other two toddler favorites ; Little People Discovery Farm and Jump Start Toddlers .
 This product works with Windows 2000 . It seems like a good choice for a first program to use with a toddler , too , as the interface is simple enough for them to learn .
 Our 22-month old loves this program , especially the shapes section . She also loves the funny movements and comments from Donald Duck , and she likes looking for letters with Mickey . Mickey has taught her to recognize quite a few letters also . Pluto has taught her quite a bit of number recognition , but I would say the numbers is the weakest part of the program . Overall , it is really a fun program that our children love .
 I ca n't believe the bad reviews , for toddlers this game is great . The animations are wonderful and it has great interactions for the kids . Not only does moving the mouse over an object performs an action , but if you hit any button on the keyboard it performs an action as well . Both my kids simply loved this games until they got old enough to enjoy the jumpstart games .
 My child loves this program . The game starts by having the child type in their name then click the play button . Then you see Mickey , Minnie , and Pluto driving down the road when the car makes a sound-they are out of gas . So they stop at a gas station , where goofy , daisy , donald , and his nephews happen to be . So Mickey and pluto sit and wait while Minnie goes inside the diner to visit Daisy . After that you can go into one side of the garage where goofy is making the cars . My daughter loves this one . You choose how you want it to look , you can paint it , change tires . Then you can also print it out . The other garage is a musical making garage with tires , cans , wrenches , etc. . Outside is a car that you can sit in and touch all the buttons , etc. . You can also help fill up cars with yellow , orange , red , green , purple , blue gas up to 20 gallons . The driver tells you what they want -LRB- 6 gallons of red gas -RRB- and you press the buttons and it counts to six . My daughter loves this one too . Then you can use a hose to squirt down cans and laundry with huey , duey , and luey . They teach numbers , colors , and shapes . The nice thing about this program is that you can enter and exit each one pretty fast . This is a lot better than the Winnie the Pooh Preschool program . Much easier for the child to understand in my oppinion and holds their attention better . As for the program not being able to work with certain computers and hardware , that is wrong . My husband does this stuff for a living and we have not had one problem with it . We have a brand new computer and a one year old one and both disney programs loaded fast and easy with no problems . It must be user error . I highly recommend this to anyone , even an adult , it is that much fun .
 This one wo n't create an Einstien in your family but it is fun to play-if you can get it to work ! It would only load on my 5 year old -LRB- and painfully slow -RRB- computer . Apparently it is only compatible with the old DirectX version that Disney uses . Some of the games have plain old silly fun like designing and painting a car in Goofy 's garage and playing with the controls up front like the wipers , etc. . There is a matching/squirt gun game with Huey , Dewey and Louie . Daisy 's Diner offers some nice games with pattern recognition . There 's another game for listening skills and numbers . If your kids are big Minnie or Mickey fans , they may be a little disappointed because you do n't see much of them . Overall , the game has nice variety and great graphics . I suspect Jaclynn will bore with this one fairly early on , though because there are no levels of play to adjust and it is not very challenging .
 Disney comes in for a hard time whenever the curse of globalization or the death of culture comes up . My take on it is
 My daughter loves this CD , particularly the spray painting booth and gas station games . The whole thing is well designed with excellent graphics and entertaining games , however most of the games can be played in a few minutes.As a result this CD will not hold a child 's attention for a long period of time , however I would still recommend it highly based on the quality of its design ...
 My 3-year old twins play this game at their pre-school and absolutely love it which prompted me to purchase it for my home PC . The play it every chance I allow them to play on my PC .
 I received the copies of Mickey Mouse PreSchool promptly . The cds were exactly what I was expecting . They were in excellent conditions.Thank You .
 Disney does it again . My 3 year old has been playing this `` game '' for a year . Along with Pooh 's Pre-school learning CD , he has enjoyed both and still loves playing them . He has shown marked improvement with his numbers , letters , problem solving and creativity . His hand/eye coordination has also show improvement with the paintball game . He always wants Daddy to `` help '' him play with Goofy to build and paint his own car . And printing off his creations has givenhim an increased pride in his accomplishments .
 I bought this software for my younger son because my older son liked the preschool version . It was a fun way to reinforce concepts he learned in school and develop his computer skills .
 This game is really fun ! My brothers and I used to be addicted to it , but then somehow it was misplaced and we had n't played it in years . recently we were talking about how much fun it was and much we missed it , so I bought it for them for Christmas . :-RRB- We have so much fun with it ! It 's challenging and there are a lot of levels so you can play it for a long time . Super fun !
 This is a good game for someone who likes a challenge , so far I have n't been able to get all the way through the game as I 'm stuck on a magic carpet flying level . However the game 's controls are pretty easy to master.Nasira you do n't see in any of the movies but she 's on Jafar 's side where you have to fight many enemies and creatures . It is an interesting game that is good for anyone who likes challenging games and 3D .
 I bought this game for my son , who loves it , but I often find my teenage daughter sitting down to play this game too ! Until you get the hang of using all the command keys , it can be a bit frustrating . But once you master that , it is extremely challenging and lots of fun . There are multiple levels and characters that you can play . Not so easy that you get bored and not so hard that you 're ready to walk away ... but hard enough to make you want to continue trying . This game has been loads of fun !
 I bought this game for my son , who loves it , but I often find my teenage daughter sitting down to play this game too ! Until you get the hang of using all the command keys , it can be a bit frustrating . But once you master that , it is extremely challenging and lots of fun . There are multiple levels and characters that you can play . Not so easy that you get bored and not so hard that you 're ready to walk away ... but hard enough to make you want to continue trying . This game has been loads of fun !
 Aladdin may finally be rid of his evil nemesis Jafar , but he still has a formidable enemy in the sorcerer 's sister , Nasira . Determined to avenge her brother 's defeat , Nasira has banished the sultan from his own palace and now controls the city of Agrabah . Aladdin , the young street rat with the cocky smile , is back in his element -- fighting cunning enemies , using the Magic Carpet to out-maneuver his pursuers in intense mid-air chases , and solving challenging puzzles . Journey across nine lively environments in your quest to destroy Nasira , from the Sultan 's Palace to the Cave of Wonders . Can you run , jump , and fly your way to Nasira 's headquarters and free Agrabah from her evil spell ?
 My seven year old seemed to enjoy this more than my 9 year old . Perhaps just because she enjoys music more . Still a wonderful game , allows players to create their own scores and teaches them about ultrasound . It definately allows them to put their imagination to work . Not so much an educational game but definately fun!The memory game , Sound Off , was a little hard for her , but that would probably vary from kid to kid .
 The Magic School Bus in Concert is a good game , except the voices are different than the hit TV show , and Arnold , Wanda , Tim , and Dorothy Ann are n't included in the game . I am 10 years old , and I collect Magic School Bus computer games . I would recommend this game for 6 to 10 year olds who want to improve their music skills .
 All of the Magic School Bus series is wonderful but now they have gone in depth into one particular subject . My 7 & 9 year old love the programs and must have them the minute they come out ! Lands on Mars is packed full of Trivia and Games , tells about Mars Missions and shows pictures ! There is so much to do she wo n't be bored with it for months . Aside from the educational factors it is incredibly easy and fun to play , I usually try them out for an hour or two myself.If you want to make learning fun for your child , you must look into these programs . As my daughters have in the past , I am sure if the time arises that they need research on Mars , Lands on Mars will be the first thing off the shelf !
 As linux newbie that has long since abandoned the Win NT as my primary OS , I would warmly welcome the arrival of Pagemaker and Illustrator for the Linux platform - both for my personal use , as well as at work.I would n't buy an upgrade for these products on NT for personal use , though we just upgraded with the whole suite at work . discussion came up about what the likely timeframe would be before we could buy the products for Linux ... at that time , we may switch some operations from Solaris/NT to Solaris/Linux /
 As linux newbie that has long since abandoned the Win NT as my primary OS , I would warmly welcome the arrival of Pagemaker and Illustrator for the Linux platform - both for my personal use , as well as at work.I would n't buy an upgrade for these products on NT for personal use , though we just upgraded with the whole suite at work . discussion came up about what the likely timeframe would be before we could buy the products for Linux ... at that time , we may switch some operations from Solaris/NT to Solaris/Linux /
 I am a domestic engineer . I have 2 children under age 5 . I have purchased the Jump Start for Toddlers software program and it changed our lives . The software was quick to install and easy to learn . The kids picked up on the music , interactive characters that talk to your children to encourage them to do a task or to simply remind them what to do next . The environment is kid-oriented and the activities are simple as 123 , ABC . We liked it so much and the kids grasped on it so fast , that we purchased the additional series .
 At around 2 years old my son began showing interest in computers . His dad is an IT Administrator so our son was around computers all the time . Also , he was -LRB- and still is not -RRB- interested in learning the traditional way -LRB- through books , play , etc. -RRB- , but rather through computers . We were NOT disappointed with this piece of software ! Through this program my son has learned most of the alphabet , shapes , numbers and colors . We have had this one for about six months and he has not lost interest in it.However , there are some things that I was not pleased with . First , this product is recommended for children 18 months-3 years . It would probably be more suited for children 2 1/2 to 4 simply because it requires basic knowledge of how to use a mouse and the program does NOT teach this skill . Also , the concepts it teaches -LRB- letters , numbers , shapes , colors , music , animals , memory skills , etc. -RRB- are more geared toward the preschool crowd . Second , the layout is `` busy '' and it is hard to see all of the different entrance areas -LRB- even for me an adult -RRB- . Finally , another minor complaint -LRB- it is very minor -RRB- is that the duck 's voice can get annoying after 15 minutes or so for me , but my son enjoys it so this is tolerable.Overall , I highly recommend this software , however , for children over the age of two .
 My two year old daughter has really enjoyed this software . She has learned quite a bit from it -LSB- alphabet and numbers especially -RSB- and enjoys all the different activities . I think it is a really cute game , although after playing a few times certain parts of it got a little `` old '' for me . I like `` Reader Rabbit Toddler '' a slight bit better , but I think this game is great too . It was definitely worth the money we spent on it .
 Jump Start knows how to deliver . This CD is perfect as a first CD for a baby and toddler . It is also a perfect complement to a youngster 's CD library . Your youngster will learn , but more important at this age , your baby will become comfortable with computer . It is remarkable to see a child as young as 15 months `` playing '' on the computer . This CD is very easy to use . Installation is a snap . You and your baby can `` learn '' together from this remarkable CD . Highly recommended !
 I keep my son at my office , and as soon as he gets to the building , he says . . Where is DeeDee ! What a learning experience this is for toddlers . He is 2 1/2 . This software takes some adult help to move between programs , but there is lots they can do on there own . A must have for the computer literate 2 year old !
 HAND I HAD TO BE CAREFULTO NOT USE THE COMPUTER AS A BABY SITTER ! AND AS FOR IT BEING FOR TODDDLERS ... -LRB- 18 MONTHS -RRB- ... AND UP PUL-EEEEZ ! TAKE YOUR 18 MONTH OLD BABIES OUT SIDE ! DONT SIT THEM IN FRONT OF A COMPUTER SCREEN . This company makes alot of fine , fine software and this is no exception but marketing it to what I consider to be babies is a bit much ... it ca n't be good for them and I know it 's not good for my keyboard ... apple juice does n't clean up well . Buy this program but wait till they are a little older ...
 This product is exceptional ! My advice is purchase it ! For those who can not use the mouse they can hit the keys to learn shapes , colors , animals , counting ... etc. . There is a music section for those who respond well to music . It is soooo toddler safe . You ca n't make a mistake by hitting a wrong key ! True , if you continue to hit keys it will go on to the next example . Use this to help teach your child to hit one key -LRB- the space bar for example -RRB- and count or observe the monitor before hitting the space bar again . Practice with the mouse is wonderful ... again there is no wrong way or problem with using the mouse incorrectly ... it is excellent at teaching mouse skills while learning letters , etc. . It also has two levels so the kids can be more challenged when ready . My daughter LOVES the painting area where she can create her own work of art and print it if she wants to ! Great for hand eye coordination and more learning of letters , shapes , colors , etc. . Great product , I would HIGHLY recommend this , in fact I am purchasing it now for my brother 's daughter as a Christmas gift . Happy shopping ! Buy this one !
 I bought this CD for my 22 months old . He had the Jump Start Baby and he likes this toddle version even more . He loves the music and colorful animations . I like the way they do in two different levels so that my son can learn more as he grows older.It is a little more expensive than other brands , but I think Knowledge Adventure products are the best and most educational among the others I have seen .
 Our 28-month-old started smiling as soon as the first screen came up . Although he 's a bit small to maneuver the mouse , he was perfectly happy to let Daddy do it . By the way , I had no trouble installing and running this program under Windows 2000 Professional , unlike some other software titles .
 Both my two love Jump Start Toddlers , we first got it a couple of years ago and my three year old still plays this . There are many aspects of the product that are good , great original songs , good characters , and lots of areas to explore . The controls are easy to use and my three year old could use the mouse to play this when she was just two and 1/2 .
 My daughter got this for christmas ... and she is constantly begging to go on the computer to play this game ... she loves to design her own pictures at grandma 's house and she loves to visit Chippy to learn shapes . It 's also great with ABC . . Great investment .
 My son -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- really enjoys spending time with this software . He has used for about 2 months , and now knows 1-10 numbers and most of the letters . He almost has the shapes down and LOVES , let me repeat , LOVES the musical element in the waterfall . The scrap book is TOTALLY COOL . This is a DEFINATE great place to start kids on computers . We have the Disney Pooh for preschoolers and he prefers JumpStart hands down .
 Regardless of what other reviewers said this is THE ONLY SOFTWARE WE HAVE FOUND THAT TEACHES MOUSE SKILLS . We bought this software along with toddler verisons of Reader Rabbit , Winne the Pooh , and Sesame Street when our oldest child was about two . For over a year she was frustrated with not being able to make the games do what she wanted . Then one day we helped her ` find the animals under the leaves ' . The game responds to mouse movement so clearly that in less than an hour she had it down . Now she can use the mouse to do what she wants in all her computer games with little assistance . Unfortunately , the kids stepped on and broke our Jump Start Toddler CD . We have been trying to teach mouse skills to our younger children using the other games we have , but the games just are n't cutting it . We 'll be getting another copy of Jump Start Toddler soon.My advice is to buy it at 18 months . Play the ` find the animal ' game once every 3 weeks . When your child is able to understand how the mouse works , they 're ready to play more often and try the other games on this software . Then get the preschool versions of Jumpstart and/or Reader Rabbit ready for the day they get bored with the toddler games .
 My son -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- really enjoys spending time with this software . He has used for about 2 months , and now knows 1-10 numbers and most of the letters . He almost has the shapes down and LOVES , let me repeat , LOVES the musical element in the waterfall . The scrap book is TOTALLY COOL . This is a DEFINATE great place to start kids on computers . We have the Disney Pooh for preschoolers and he prefers JumpStart hands down .
 I bought this software for my 2 year old . She was facinated with the computer already , so I thought it would be a good idea for her to have something that would be fun for her to look at as well as educational . I was very happy when I recieved the 2 CD 's as well as a bonus video cassette tape which she requests to watch over and over . Not only does she like to play with Dee Dee on `` my puter '' , as she says , but I found out that it 's just as much fun for me too ! The pictures and sound are of high quality . The colors are so bright and there a lots of activities . It 's perfect for her stage of development . I especially like the fact that if she touches the keys or clicks the mouse , something will happen . This makes her feel as if she 's really controlling things . I am glad I purchased it .
 This is a great game especially for beginers but I like it too.There are lots of activities for young children.You can explore Didi 's grandma 's home and its surroundings.In each place there is a song .
 It works with Windows 2000 , even though the box says you need Windows 95/98 . It knows how to set up the video mode automatically , and restores the screen correctly when you return to Windows 2000 . -LRB- Other games such as Reader Rabbit appear in a small box on the screen when you do not have 640x480 resolution . -RRB-
 Creating music has never been easier . The interface is very clean and easy to follow . This is a great product if you want to make music . The editing tools are great . This program even comes with some cool loops to get one started . Check this product out !
 Do not bother with this program the same program different name.I would highly suggest this if you do not have Acid Music 3.0 . One of the most stable music programs around.Alot better then any Magix program I have used . The publishing to the net is unbeatable and a great file rendering program too boot .
 It 's great software at a great price . I bought the program so I could rip and burn CD 's but soon found that using the ACid program -LRB- 2 software apps come in the box - Acid and Siren ... I think these are the Sonic Foundry engines -RRB- I could also add a soundtrack to my home movies . The box also came with audio clips that I used to sequence a Blues song and that was fun too .
 If you 're looking for special effects at an unbelievable price , you ca n't go wrong with Screenblast Movie Studio . Before purchasing this product , I used Pinnacle Studio 8 exclusively . While I like Studio 8 alot when it works , it is riddled with bugs and very unstable -LRB- it 's constantly crashing -RRB- . Screenblast Movie Studio has NEVER crashed on me.The features I really like about Screenblast Movie Studio that Pinnacle Studio 8 does not have -LRB- without buying their Hollywood FX upgrade -RRB- : * two video editing tracks * chroma keying -LRB- works great with good lighting -RRB- * masking * transparencies -LRB- you can overlay two clips and change the `` transparency '' of one to get a `` ghost '' effect -RRB- * zoom in and out * basic `` animation '' abilities -LRB- using zoom and fly path features -RRB- After playing with Pinnacle Studio for a year , I was ready for more , and this package gave it to me.This package does the basics just fine -LRB- I bought of copy of this for my father rather than Studio 8 -RRB- , and it also have some awesome special effects features that will not disappoint .
 This software is pretty good . It 's a bit more complicated than Apple 's iMovie and a little clunky , but does everything you could want for a good price . I 'm quite put off myself that you have to pay extra to make video CD 's , but overall it is a good product .
 The product lacks some of the features that I love with Pinnacle Studio 8 . The DVD tools in Pinnacle Studio 8 . Having used Pinnacle 7 & * pretty extensively , I was curious about this product based on feedback I had received.authoring in MovieStudio -LRB- MS -RRB- is lacking , compared to the awesomeIf DVD & VCD authoring and making basic videos is your thing , do n't stop at MS. Use Pinnacle 8 . For basic video editing and creating videos from pictures , it does not get much easier.However , once your imaginations starts to run wild , you are going to need something more power . I bought MS for that reason , realizing that I will still use Pinnacle 8 for DVD authoring.Pinnacle 7/8 provides only a single Video track . Splicing in video is possible , but much more painstaking than having multiple tracks -LRB- like most decent video editing tools . -RRB- MS has two tracks , but even on a single track you can overall -LRB- and blend -RRB- multiple video tracks ! Pretty neat in concept.Cool features : * Chroma keyer
 The Movie Studio is super easy to use and is a lot of fun . Also , the wizards are very helpful . I uploaded photos from my summer vacation and created a living , breathing , slide show with great transitions and effects ; making my movie seem like a real Hollywood movie . I highly recommend this product !
 This program is really easy to use . In just a few minutes I had dragged-and-dropped my photos into the timeline , added trasitions , music and a title -- and made a really cool slideshow . Also , this program allows me to pan/crop my still images so that it looks like my still image has motion . This is the perfect complement to owning a digital camera .
 This program is easy to learn and intuitive . I did have to refer to the manual a couple of times . I have made great videos of trips and family . I did purchase the MPEG converter for authoring DVD 's . Kinda reverse salesmanship there.My only complaint is that importing tape is limited to large , hard drive consuming files . I want to import as MPEG as some others do . I have two 60 GB HD 's on my laptop that works well for 1 movie at a time . If I could do MPEG the computer would n't have to work as hard and I could store material for 2 movies.It is still usefull today -LRB- 1/06 -RRB- as I contemplate upgrading to Vegas .
 I wanted to make a movie / slide show for my family to show at Thanksgiving . I did n't think I could do it , but after buying the Screenblast Movie Studio , I did . The tool was simple once I got going - they even included helpful guides to show me how to do everything . My family did n't know I made a movie , I just played it after dinner . Not a dry eye in the house . Now I am expected to make a movie every year - glad I bought the software !
 I read the other reviews and purchased Movie Studio based on what I read . I think this is a fantastic video editing program.It was incredibly easy to learn , yet offers more functionality , transitions and effects that I think I could use ... I would pay $ ... or more for this program ... but only had to pay $ ... ! I cant stop using it creating my family movies , slideshows ... 5 Stars and recommended to anyone looking for an easy and in-depth editing software .
 I purchased this product after doing a lot of research to determine if the MovieStudio -LRB- MS -RRB- version of VideoFactory -LRB- VF -RRB- is the same as SonicFoundry 's -LRB- SF -RRB- version of VF . The answer
 This is a well built classifier , and it works well . Your classifying dirt , so it will plug up a bit!The shipping seemed a bit high , w/no tracking info , but it showed up very speedily !
 I ordered the CS4 Classifier by Jimmie Sierra for my husband for precious stone and gold finding . He found the item to be very nicely constructed . Easy to use in a 5 gal . bucket , light weight . Well packaged , fast delivery . A # 5
 I ordered this CD thinking it was really great , but it didnt work on my mom 's Vista computer . I 'm excited to try it on a different computer . It really seems like a creat CD to have though .
 Great program for HD editing . Final cut will always be my favorite . So easy to use and learn !
 I ordered the Mother Goose Golden Book for my extremely active 2 year old . He is very interested in books and the computer . The only problem is he does n't know how to use the computer appropriately . For this item he did n't have to . The book is read to him . The best part is he sits and listens instead of banging on the keyboard . He can even recite some of the lines .
 I totally disagree with the last review . I 've had this product for the last year and use it often . I would consider myself an intermediate player and find this very helpful . This is n't meant for beginners as a `` learn everything you need to know '' type of product . It is meant to show the intermediate player alot of technique . If you have any desire to play Crossroads and Little Wing this is a must . You can slow the video lesson down and go frame by frame to see the fingering and technique that Keith Wyatt uses . The complete music videos are way cool as well . The only thing it lacks is a way to print the tab so you can practice away from the computer . I also have the `` Teach me Blues Guitar '' and love it as well . I wish Keith Wyatt and Voyetra would put out more products . Both of these products have been a great addition to my practice routine .
 Pros : Features are easy to use because the program is so similar to many other editing programs.Easy to use , does 90 % of PhotoShop can , price is much lower , good deal ! : -RRB- PhotoStudio 6 offers intelligent , yet easy-to-use tools such as Face Beautify , Magic-Cut , and Magic-Film along with the editing tools that you have come to love in PhotoStudio . Version 6.0 may include unspecified updates , enhancements , or bug fixes.Cons
 TurboProject is an incredible bargain . The true developers are OfficeWork Software , LLC.As an expert on project management tools I know that this is a winner.TurboProject allows up to 32,000 activities which should be ample for any project - even putting a man on the moon . It allows for unlimited work breakdown structure levels -LRB- WBS -RRB- so you can detail your projects appropriately.Resources and materials can be added & assigned to any task and the rate of expensing allows an incredible aray of control -LRB- fixed duration , fixed effort , fixed rate , elastic - and effort or duration driven expense.TurboProject has a lot of capability and is a serious critical path method -LRB- CPM -RRB- tool . As such you need to spend some time working through examples before becoming proficient - as with all project management software . If you decide on the express version available at -LSB- ... -RSB- it has the fewest options for complexity . The professional version has multi-project aggregation ability and can easily detect resources that are overallocated . It 's a wonderful tool to determine the optimal number of people to make your project complete in the shortest time possible for the least cost.The minimum duration allowed is 1 day , so those needing micro-scheduling will not find it appropriate , but for the other 99.5 % of us this is not an issue.The user manual is available at -LSB- ... -RSB- . For a product 1/20th the price of other products I find this product amazing in its capabilities . If desired , help is available at kolinger dot net .
 Kids love it , are using it , and type better .
 I had this computer game as a child and loved it SO much . The game follows the story of a young Irish boy on the quest to find a good story so that he can help his family out . The game is set up like an interactive story book where you flip the pages and there is something fun to discover on every page . It also includes catchy little songs too .
 I 've barely scratched the surface with Poser 5 . I 've been using Poser since the first version , and each new release is more full of features than the last . The models and posing abilities of versions 1 , 2 and 3 had a variety of flaws , but starting with version 4 , Poser has turned into an extremely useful program for anyone who wants to do rendering with the human figure.I gather that some people use Poser to produce final products . I can swear that some of those airline seat information cards use Poser models . I tend to use Poser the way one uses a figure reference guide , to figure out how the bodies are structured , and how perspective works with them.Poser 5 has a nice set of human models , male and female . It also has a few animals . The latest version is so chock full of features that it is hard to figure out where to begin . Let 's see . There are the new models , the split screen multi-way posing window , the face and body morphing features , a bigger than ever pose library with full body , hand , face and lip poses . These libraries can save a lot of work.The morphing features let you start with their `` standard '' model and change the body type or facial features by sort of blending the base model with an exagerated model in three dimensions . The lip poses let you do lip synching movies based on phonemes.Two new features I have started exploring include dynamic cloth and dynamic hair . Poser 5 actually solves the differential equations for draping cloth and moving hair . Apparently , you can dump in any 3D model to use as a clothing model . You `` clothify '' it and constrain it with respect to the body where you wish , for example , at the waist . Then you can turn on the air currents and set the figure in motion . Play back the animation , and the clothing swoops and drapes.The hair is similar . You set up hair growth models and the hair interacts with the body , with air currents , with gravity and with itself . The model can run like a pig when you set up a complicated model with cloth and hair going every which way , but in a few minutes , you get something surprisingly similar to real world hair . No more buzz cuts ; Rapunzel lives . -LRB- I have n't actually tried to model someone climbing up someone else 's hair , but I would n't be shocked to learn it could be done -RRB- . I 'm a total amateur , and just wanted Poser to move some limbs around , but I 've been blown away by the package . For $ 170 , it 's a whole lot of software and models for the money.So , why have n't I given Poser a five star rating ? Well , it is rather clunky to use . It 's hard to do fine adjustments without going to the awkward dial based interface . There are no constraint planes . It takes over your entire screen . You can move the various controls around , but you ca n't make the window smaller so you can look at a reference picture in iPhoto . Their interferes with the Dock when working with animation.That 's enough whining.Poser 5 is a great program , and a real value for the money . I gather they ca n't make it more Macintosh window system friendly because PC users tend to look at only one window at a time . I 'm just grateful that they 've done a Macintosh port , and a good one at that .
 I am a recently retired senior citizen who spend 1 to 3 hours daily at my computer . This program is the most facinating one that I own . Installation of all 4 disks was instantaneous and flawless , navigation is so simple , I did not need to read the help file before using the program . I like the ability to go anywhere in the program including exit simply by passing the mouse over the top or bottom of any screen , or , on the screen images . Graphics are beautiful and audio explanations are concise and clear . Written explanation give more detail for those who desire it . The amount of material covering all aspects of Egyptian history and geography is vast . I found the glossary helpful in explaining unfamiliar terms . The music is pleasant and suited to the material presented . Surprisingly , I would equate the overall quality of this program with that of Microsoft 's Encarta . I recommend this program to anyone who has a interest in learning anything about ancient Egypt . I feel like I have visited the sites without all the rush of crowds .
 The 3 CD-ROM titles of this set that I can load are spectacular ! But , the fourth is an older production , and I ca n't load and run it on any of four separate systems ! I 've asked Topics Entertainment for help online , but so far have received no rsponse . Three disks for the price would seem like a good deal to me , but having one more in the box that wo n't run is a major disappointment .
 I love the depth and quality of information on these cds . The only problem I had was that `` Voyage in Egypt '' would not install on my system , but happily I was able to run the program by clicking on the link egypt.exe on the actual cd . I would recommend these to anyone who loves Egyptology .
 it 's very good for it 's price and information it contains , it 'll be of a great help for travellers , and anyone want to know more about History ...
 After years of using Norton/Symantec products I finally got my fill . Their tech support being off shore stinks , especially the attitudes of the support staff . I also desired more control over the software . ZA gives me that control in an easy fashion .
 Pros - Does a great job of protecting computer from the `` evils '' out there . Works mostly in the background.Cons - Slows system performance a bit conpaired to Norton origonally installed on laptop . Pop up alerts with AOL annoying at first . Not for the novice .
 Appears to do its job . Warnings from firewall could provide more useful information . Scanning the hard drive is a bit slow and I am not confident that either the anti-virus or anti- spy ware programs are particularly effective . In particular , the anti-spy ware program misses spy ware that my other -LRB- free -RRB- programs find .
 I bought a 3 user Zone Alarm Suite for far less than Zone Alarm offered for a single user upgrade . It pays to shop around , and Amazon is often where it all winds up .
 Zone Alarm Internet Security Suite for 3 computers was easy to install . It pretty much installed itself . They only asked three questions and it did all the work for the ` basic installation . ' Later I made a few simple tune-up changes for a better adjustment to the firewall . I finally gave up on Norton because each year it slowed my computer more and was more difficult to install . ZA is much better than Norton and McAfee . McAfee caused a major problem with my XP operating system and it needed a repair visit to the shop . ZA is much smoother and without any problems .
 I was tired of Norton Internet Security slowing down my PCs . Consequently , I thought I would try ZoneAlarm . I was pleasantly surprised . I will stick will this product from now on . In addition , the 3 users package handles all my home PCs with one purchase at a lower price .
 As the reviews all say , the GUI is fairly user friendly and the three main parts -LRB- firewall , anti-virus , and anti-spyware -RRB- all work well . I found one virus and 3-4 spyware programs that our Norton suite had not detected on the computers where this was installed . Couple that with a smaller impact on the performance level of older systems -LRB- noticeable difference after taking Norton off -RRB- and the company is quite happy .
 As a long time Zone Alarm Pro user it was easy for me to install and configure the software . I had to get rid of the Symantec-Norton Anti-Virus that was robbing my system resources first but afterwards the change was very noticeable . The speed was back ! Right away the anti-virus found and removed a virus from my system and the anti-spyware component found nearly 70 agents and cleaned them up , too ! There was a minor problem with A/V updates not installing properly but a patch was provided for download and no problems since .
 All I can tell you is ZoneAlarm works great for me . I have three computers on a wireless network , which includes a laptop computer . They all share the same printer . I was a bit reluctant to switch from Norton to something else , but I knew I had to try something else because I had heard so many negative things about the 2007 Norton Internet Security software . I had been using 2006 Norton and McAfee before this change . The installation went fine and I had no issues at all to report . I only had one small issue trying to figure out how to get the security software set for a network . I just needed to change the firewall setting from `` internet '' to `` trusted . '' Once I figured that out I was done ! ZoneAlarm software is very simple and easy to figure out . Also , if you want to customize your settings , it takes only a matter of a few minutes to figure out how to do it . There is an excellent help index in the software that helped me figure out how to set the software to a network.I am still on Windows XP and it is not an issue that that ZoneAlarm is not Vista capable . I do n't plan on switching to Vista , until I purchase a new computer and that is quite a while a way . I want Vista to be out on the market for at least a year , before venturing out to that territory . It just seems Vista is ahead of the hardware in computers . Not to mention that not all software is compatible with Vista . I know friends that have Vista and all of them wished they had waited.I recently purchased my laptop from Gateway just a few months ago and liked the fact that I could purchase it with Windows XP operating system and not Vista . I could not be happier with that decision to this day ! It came with 90 day free trial of McAfee , and I needed to renew Norton on one of my other computers anyway , so I went with the 3 user ZoneAlarm as my solution . My third computer only had 60 days left of Norton Internet Security , so I was able to use all 3 user rights with ZoneAlarm right away.So in summary I would say purchase ZoneAlarm if your computer is using Windows XP or Windows 2000 operating system , and you do n't want an internet security software to take over your computer , like Norton.The proof is in the fact that ZoneAlarm only requires a Pentium III with 450 MHz or higher , and a minimum of 128 MB of RAM . Compare that to Norton or McAfee !
 After using Symantic Norton Internet Security for several years , I made the switch to Zone Alarm Internet Security over a month ago and have not looked back . This is a great product at a great price . It is fairly easy to install and configure . In addition , it does not suck up CPU and memory resources like Norton Internet Security does . For this price , it 's definately worth a try .
 I have been using ZoneAlarm for 3 years so far , and it is the lightest , easiest to setup and safest PC firewall around . Zonelabs deserves the price we pay for this software just as a display of gratitude for the results it gives .
 I 've been using ZoneAlarm for the last month on 2 of 3 systems and I 'm ready to use the last license on another system that still has 6 months left of Norton IS . It 's a little harder to set up but I feel much safer than I do with Norton ... and it cost a lot less .
 Pros
 It works , does anti-spy and anti-virus . The update are automatic and less problematic than using `` Norton '' - products!The firewall is easy , most the time , to set up and allow what you want to pass.I have it On a HP a1520n , Campaq sr1120nx and a HP-Pavillion dv1150us -LRB- which sometimes does not want to allow anything to connect -RRB- . I also have used Norton 's firewall and the Panda suites -LRB- 2006 & 2007 -RRB- . I find ZoneAlarm better and easier , and the Amazon price for a 3-user CD is cheaper than ZoneAlarm 's update price for one user !!
 This product has performed well for me . I have not had any problems whatsoever . I have used several antivirus programs in the past , and this is has to be the best . it is not a resource hog like norton . i would recommend ZA to anyone , from novice users all the way to advanced users .
 The system requirements , principally for memory-resident components of dubious value , had slowed my mid-age Pentium computers to incompetent multitaskers . A glance at the processes running in Windows Task Manager -LRB- Ctrl-Alt-Del -RRB- showed large commitments of RAM to Symantec applets . With ZoneAlarm 's suite , however , the systems have lept back to life , the coverage is excellent and unobtrusive -LRB- in the ways that Symantec had been -RRB- , and the cost for three system coverage can not be beat ! Installation was totally pain-free and maintenance has been likewise .
 Have now tried them all . Kaspersky is great but the learning curve for machine and human is too high . Zone seems to be more balanced in that respect and the price for security is good .
 I bought ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite for the included ZoneAlarm Pro firewall -LRB- it cost much less that way -RRB- . If I did n't already have Norton Antivirus , I 'd use the antivirus , too .
 I like the product and bought it after having the individual versions on a couple of PCs . It was easy to setup and I love the feature set . The vsmon.exe file uses a lot of memory , though , and the PC seems to slow down some .
 With a per-user price of $ 8.33 -LRB- when priced at $ 24.99 for 3 users -RRB- , this is a wonderful deal and was just what my 6-computer office needed . It was easy to install and appears to work well . My staff loves the anti-spam feature .
 Product was very reasonalbly priced through Amazon . It was easy to install , and it does n't seem to take up alot of system resources . At this price , you ca n't go wrong . Much better than Norton , or MS One Care , and also better than Trend PCillian .
 If you like ZA 6.x you 'll like ZA 7 . The virus / spyware scan engine is less processor intensive than v5 and v6 and is an upgrade over previous versions in detection . I would still like to see Zonelabs and some features to the parental control portion of the suite but overall ZA 7 is one of the better security suites available . No Vista support .
 Works great , does not crash or slow down system . Tried other security systems and was not happy . Only negative is the pop ups during the learning phase , but not too bothersome . Would highly recomend .
 I am very computer savvy and in fact also have worked extensively in security framework/development/network security.I have investigated and used almost all the market prevalent so-called * suites * and in my humble opinion , I think this is the best.Why ? - > Let 's take Mcfee
 This is a great product from an established company that needs more recognition . It 's major problem is that it 's a security suite and security suties are imperfect.The reviews for security suite software always seem the same to me . A user reports that installing the security suite made his computer break or caused it to lose performance . He called and tried to get help and could n't get a hold of anyone . When he does get through he gets advice to the effect of `` format your hard drive '' . Then during reinstallation the same thing happens all over again . It 's a mad nightmare scenario that will happen sooner or later to you with every security suite.Zone alarm wo n't save you from this scenario . The problem is that no security suite will , they all have terrible support and make some computers crazy . You have to accept that . Zone alarm has a great message board thoguh and I suggest you use it when the time comes . It 's really random chance if the default configuration will effect the performance of your machine . You can try all the vendors if you want since they all have trial software and take whcih oen causes you `` the least '' problems . That 's not the best security move but you 're be.What this product DOES offer is the best firewall teamed up with some good virus protection and decent spyware removal . It gives you the most amount of options with regards to the firewall and virus scanning of allt the suites . Norton and McAffe have been moving away from this level of control while Zone Alarm seems genuinely interested in giving you the power to protect your system.This product offers the best firewall you can get . The firewall is the heart of any secuirty package so this is pivotal . Do you want to keep hackers out in the first place or do you wnat to let them in and then try to clean up the mess afterwards ? The clean up after the fact is painful and arduous and if the hacker is determined then nearly impossible to do.Zone Alarm has the most experience with firealls and it shows . When personal software firewalls were a thing for paranoid hackers these guys were the best and in many ways nothing has changed . Thier firewall is still excellent but it still has the steepest learning curve . It was meant for power users and only in the last few years could I consider recomending it to an average user.Norton and Mcaffe both slapped this feature onto their products and in some ways it still shows . Norton 's is probably the easiest to use . However it 's been painfully easy in the past to accidentally make your system completely vulnerable without you knowing with Norton . It 's also a huge resource hog generally speaking.Zone Alarm decent virus protection . Not as good as Kapernssky -LRB- easily the best but it comes at a premium -RRB- but roughly equal to McAffe . I believe Zone Alarm licensed their anti-virus detection engine from Computer Associates and as such it does a good job . It 's significantly better then Norton 's performance both in terms of performance , accuracy and options.Zone Alarm offers spyware detection and removal . This should be a feature that all security suties offer but last time I checked they did not . It 's not as good as AdAware but then again you should downlaod that for free anyway . In fact you probably should no matter what package you buy . The great thing about spyware scanners is you can never have too many . They do n't conflict with each other nearly as badly as multiple firewalls and virus scanners would.Oh as a tip you might want to consider a root kit detector too . No packaged security solution deals with this security threat at all . Look up rootkit reavealer on the net . I think by this year or the next this will be part of the primary mode of attack against XP .
 Before I bought this product , I went to ZoneAlarm 's -LRB- ZA -RRB- website for the 15-day trial version . I had been using Norton Internet Security -LRB- NIS -RRB- and Trend Micro for quite a few years but grew tired to slow machine performance and huge files taking up hard drive space . The latest NIS 2007 is 330MB -LRB- minus parental control -RRB- . ZA take 50 + percent less space and runs twice as fast . Before I installed ZA , I had to make sure that all remnants of my old NIS were removed . That meant cleaning up the registry , directories , etc. . If you do n't , you might encounter serious problems . That also applies to previous versions of ZA . I also went to ZA 's website and downloaded their 270-page manual and visited their user forum to get an idea of what I kind of problems others were encountering during the installation process . The above process was longer than the actual installation.I also made sure I was disconnected from my wireless network before the installation . The installation was straight-forward and relatively quick . Yes -- I had to reboot a couple of times , because ZA was trying to update the program 's spyware & antivirus definition files . It does ask you do reboot so it can finish removing the old files . If you do n't reboot , you might risk corrupting certain files . After the reboot , I connected my wireless network and ZA detected it and asked me what kind of network it was . It then started asking me what programs I wanted to give access to the internet . That can be difficult for a novice , but ZA allows you to view program details -LRB- i.e. , filename , directory location , etc. -RRB- so you can decide for yourself . NIS does n't even do that for you . ZA allows you to go back later and change the configuration if you want . That 's was it . I was surfing in no time.I used ZA for about a week before I decided to purchase 4 licenses and install them on a laptop & three desktops . All my installations were flawless . This program really improved my computer performance and made it easy for me to configure my MSN/Yahoo Messenger , Logitech webcam , Outlook Express and Outlook 2003 . The junk-mail filters work on all computers -- each having three POP mail accounts -LRB- set up in Outlook Express & Outlook 2003 -RRB- . The junk-mail filter works better in the program than NIS.The tabs in ZA are set up in such a way that it makes it easy for people to scroll through the options quickly and set up whatever configuration you want . Even when I uninstalled the trial version -- I did n't run into any problems installing the boxed version as long as I removed the directories and cleaned the registry . Keep in mind -- when you use the uninstall feature in any computer program -- IT WILL STILL LEAVE A LOT OF STUFF ON YOUR COMPUTER . It later turned out that the trial version and boxed version are the same . All I had to do with the other three computers was add the license key -LRB- in the already installed trial version -RRB- and that was it . No uninstalling/reinstalling required.Bottom line -- this is a very good program . The user guide on their website is very extensive and should be carefully reviewed prior to installation . I 'm really happy I went with ZA .
 I downloaded the trial version of this software from the Zonelabs website without any problems . I have been using this program for approximately one month without any difficulties , glitches , irritations , or troubles . I tried other major utilities such as Mcafee and Norton . Both are pricey and worn-out . Norton was drastically slowing down my computer . I also experimented with Panda Security Suite and Pc-cillin . I did not experience any major issues as some users suggest and report . I decided to go with ZoneAlarm Security Suite due to good reviews and recommendations by various computer experts ...
 People who knock on Zone Alarms firewall ... well , they know nothing about firewalls . Zone Alarm features the best software firewall available . You can research and find out more on sites such as PCMAG , PCWORLD , CNET , etc. . . If you use a hardware firewall -LRB- which everyone should -RRB- , and complement it with Zone Alarm 's firewall , you will basically have enough frontline protection to keep out everyone but God himself . This is the # 1 software firewall on the market hands down . I agree with some people on here ... it is geared more towards power users , but it is still pretty easy to install . But , I definately would use it in conjucntion with a hardware firewall.Zone Alarm also features a OSFirewall . This firewall protects your system at its core . It monitors any changes to your system files . Not many competing firewall products have this.People who knock on the Anti-Virus engine are either using the old version of Zone Alarm which ran the CA virus engine or they simple do n't know anything about anti-virus engines . The 2007 Zone Alarm Internet Security Suite teams up with Kaspersky 's anti-virus engine . ZA ditched the CA engine -LRB- thank god -RRB- , and now has teamed up with the # 1 anti-virus engine out there . Again , read reviews and articles about Kaspersky on PCMAG , PCWORLD , and CNET.I agree that the Anti-Spyware engine is one of the weaker components of this suite . I would personally recommend using Webroot 's Spy Sweeper in conjunction with ZA.The Anti-Spam filter is pretty good . I used to use Bitdefender Plus v10 . I find ZA 's anti-spam feature to better eliminate annoying spam.The suite itself does not use as much resources as Norton 's or McAfee 's . People who complain about it crashing their systems or grinding them to a halt need to seriously look into upgrading components on their machines rather than blame the Zone Alarm software . I have an AMD 3200 64 bit processor with 1GB of RAM , and I do n't even see a hiccup running ZA.The best feature of all is probably the price . I think it cost me $ 45 at Office Depot . This includes 3 installations . For the security features in this suite compared to Norton 's or McAfee ... you simply ca n't get a better value.I even failed to mention the Identity Theft Protection on here ... I have yet to really explore that feature , but considering I have had my ID stolen before from a hacker ... this is a much needed feature for me.In conclusion ... I believe this is the best overall Security Suite out on the market today . Best performace and best value . Should it be the only thing you install to protect your system ? Hell No ! Team it up with a Linksys hardware firewall router and a top notch anti-spyware software program such as Webroot 's Spy Sweeper , and you 'll have all the protection you 'll ever need.jho
 I started using Zone Labs products dating back to 2003 , starting with its free firewall software to the Zone Alarm Pro and eventually updated and upgraded to the Zone Alarm Security Suite a couple of years ago . Overall , it is still one of the better security suite software programs on the market , although this is not saying much -LRB- the degeneration of quality in security suite software from major software companies is seemingly getting worse with each year -RRB- . Nevertheless , it is still much better than either McAfee or Norton 's 2007 security suite programs , which I 've tested at work and home.If you are someone who believes that you must or would prefer having a security suite software program , Zone Alarm remains a good choice , but it is one that comes with caveats and a need for some understanding.Strengths : : Probably the best feature of Zone Alarm , and what it 's best known for , is its firewall . It also provides excellent email , IM , and has at least adequate anti-virus and anti-spyware capability -LRB- you should be advised to have an anti-spyware backup for any security suite software -RRB- . Weaknesses : : It seems like with each newer version of Zone Alarm security suite , my computer gets a little slower on start-up , CPU usage , and it is now beginning to delve into the realm of more frequent scans and very interruptive updates . This has always been a problem with Zone Alarm , because it is not a program for beginners . If you 're looking for a security suite program you can install and just leave to its own devices to care for your computer , Zone Alarm products are not for you.ZASS is only as good as you allow it to be . That means you must configure the product upon installation . If you do n't , you 're going to be on the receiving end of a lot of warning screens . As a result , ZASS wo n't be able to apply all of its protections for your computer and software . This means that you must familiarize yourself with the program , allow it to configure your level of expertise , and by all means go into the ZA on your toolbar and frequently look at its features after the tutorial . The better you are at using this program , the easier it will be for you to navigate using your computer while ZASS is protecting it.Recommendation : : Admittedly , I stopped using ZASS recently for my work computer , because of its aforementioned problems , although I still use it happily on my PC at home . The speed at which my work computer operates now is much improved , and for the most part I believe my computer is probably as safe as my home computer -LRB- minus Zone Alarm 's excellent firewall -RRB- . If I have any advice , it is to ask yourself what your priorities are for your computer . If you are not basing your computer on speed of usage , but security above all else , and you 're someone that is willing to surrender a little speed to maintain your security needs , then you are likely best suited for Zone Alarm . As noted , it is still far superior as a program to either McAfee or Norton 's newest security suite software , and it is likely the best in providing overall security for your computer . Still , I ca n't stress enough that you need to acquaint yourself with this program , particularly after installation .
 I have no reason to think that Zone Alarm does not do an excellent job in protecting against viruses and other security problem . I have had it for close to two years and have had no significant security issues . However , for a lay user it is difficult to customize it so that it does n't block things you do n't want blocked or send repeated alerts on harmless connections to the internet . When I purchased an upgrade version this year , I had difficulty installing it ; a necessary file seemed to be missing . Fortunately it was a problem many other users had had and it was easy to find the solution on the web . In short , seems like a fine product , but can be somewhat tricky for a person with no desire to play around with technical adjustments on their computer .
 After beta testing ZL Security Suite v7 for a few months I ordered the released verion last week . The box says it is the 2007 version , however , it was not , it was version 6.5.737.000 . Here is info from the ZL user forum to upgrade to v7 -LRB- free -RRB- . `` Q ; I just bought ZASS 2007 , but after installation is says I have version 6.5.737.000 Did i do something wrong or did they ship me an old version?Operating System
 THE COST VS NORTONI used Norton Internet Security for 2005 and 2006 because it was so inexpensive . Of course you get what you pay for . Norton offered a 3-user pack for $ 20-50 . ZoneAlarm was ~ $ 150 for a one user license . This year ZA changed their marketing strategy offering a $ 50 3-user license . I jumped on this offer.THE PERFORMANCE VS NORTONNorton is a very pervasive program . It takes a massive amount of computing resources to runs NA . Also it slows internet connectivity significantly . ZA on the other hand is virtually invisible to the user . I rarely notice that it is there . In addition ZA offers identity protection by saving your passwords and personal info in its `` myVault '' . Once the data are entered , ZA will monitor all internet programs and ensure that this info is not sent over unsecure connections without your permission . NA has nothing close to this feature . For the experienced user , the program access manager in NA is seriously deficient . The dialog for adjusting program access is 3 lines tall so you have to scroll forever to get to a specific program to change internet access.SUMMARYNot even a contest at this price . At $ 50 for a 3-user pack of ZoneAlarm , I will never buy Norton Internet Security again . I would not install Norton on my system again even if it were free .
 I purchased the newest version of Zonealarm Internet Security Suite -LRB- 2007 -RRB- after I learned that my computer had 1000 's of spyware on it despite my using free spyware , antivirus , and firewall programs . I bought this program as well as Spysweeper 's antispam software -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and needless to say my computer is free of anything that can cause my computer to slow down to a non functional crawl , freeze up , or be invaded by unwanted hackers ' innovation . No more shall I use the free ` helps ' available despite their claims for success . I 'd gladly pay -LRB- now -RRB- the annual licenses for Zonealarm to keep my computer healthy.I had read all of the critics -LRB- both positive and negative -RRB- about this product and other similar manufacturers products , and I concluded that there is not one single product that exists that pleases 100 % of the people 100 % of the time . So having used Zonealarm before in the past , considering its pros and cons with this software , being familiar with its format , and considering what my computing needs are , this is truly an excellent product as is the Spysweeper program . The only drawback , thus a 4 star rating , is that the installation was a bit of a hassle being installed onto Windows XP , until I learned from Microsoft 's website how to get around the problem.The reason I purchased Spysweeper 's anti-spyware software , is because it was recommended to me as the # 1 means to combatting against spyware . So I have it , like an addendum to a book , to doubly keep certain my computer will always be clean from spyware . Since this was my primary problem , I most likely overreacted . I suspect Zonealarm Suite is good enough as it has all of the needed programs to protect my computer . For when I run the spysweeper program weekly , it tells me that my computer is 100 % free of any spyware . Thus I can conclude that Zonealarm is doing what it was designed to do.As far as speed , my computer runs probably a little slower only because Zone alarm is constantly running ` behind the scenes ' keeping my computer free of the -LSB- ... -RSB- that is on the Internet . Since its installation , about 2 months now , it has blocked thousands of spyware , adware , and viral attempts . I am willing to have a bit of an operation slow down for that kind of peace of mind !
 Zone Alarm Internet Security Suite works fine with our ISP - ATT Worldnet . We have used ZASS for several years and are currently using version 6.5 .
 Perfect in every way , especially price . For my purposes this satisfies my needs in every way , if you are looking for a bargain , this is it !
 The product was the correct version.The MOST important aspect was it was not used and I have beem able to use the serial numbers that came with the product .
 I have used this for 2 1/2 years now and I have 0 problems no virus has gotten through . easy to use dose not slow your PC to a crawl like some other popular programs do . I say buy it you will like it .
 This product works really well especially if you always had a ZA firewall thus you are familiar with the settings . If you are new to ZA there might be a learning curve and some getting used to . It is not user friendly for novice , if your knwoledge is limited stick with McAfee , otherwise for robust security buy ZA.Don ' t use the Disc , go to zonelabs and download the free version of ZA , register the product , and then under product info click Change Lic and enter the CD key . ZA will update itself and add the av and spyware.The earlier version gave people problems specially in Vista but that 's changed with the latest version.Update
 After reading the disappointing reviews on MacAffee and Norton , I opted for Zone Alarm . So far , I have n't noticed many problems , though at times I can not access certain websites , which is frustrating . Works quietly in the background but does slow the system down , mine was by approximately 50 % . I bought this in conjunction with Spy Sweeper and they seem to interact seamlessly .
 Great product , but I was caught by surprise when I could n't install it on my new Windows Vista computer . Check with ZoneAlarm to see if they 've published a date for Vista compatibility .
 It 's a fair value for a 3 user version and what 's included . It is very much like like Zone Alarm Pro with some enhancements . Had some grief installing and it gets a little buggy at times . All in all it generally works fine . NOT VISTA READY . Spyware does n't get it all , use Spybot and Adaware -LRB- free -RRB- in conjunction with this software.Amazon promised delivery in a few weeks with the free shipping , but had it in 4 days .
 I 'd like it if the Invader Zim Zim & Gir Theme was on stoke because I 'm a big fan of Invader Zim , I 've always dreamed of having a video game of him & was hoping that stores would come out with Invader Zim video game .
 You really should buy these CD 's wether you 're studying the bible or better yet if you 're learning hebrew . The bible narrated in hebrew will greatly help you , and the service is also excellent since the CD 's arrive in a short period and a neat package . So do n't hesistate to get them , just remember that the audio on the CD 's is in MP3 format .
 A few files did n't copy to my PC , but the sound quality is good , the enunciation is great , and the phrasing makes sense to me as a beginning Hebrew student .
 My kids really love the game style of learning .
 This program can be used with very little , if any , adult intervention . Graphics are large , clear and attractive , and the goal-oriented storyline is easy to follow and compelling . My kids were impressed by the many animal characters included in the program , and were often observed giggling at and speaking to them . Activities are easily understood and complete , but become a bit tedious , and their repetitive nature may annoy the less patient player . Featuring a `` summer camp '' theme , Reader Rabbit 's Kindergarten is an entertaining , fully animated adventure in which the user must help friends Reader Rabbit and Mat the Mouse gather supplies for the campfire party at ` Camp Happy Tails ' . As with the younger age titles in this series , to achieve this goal , the child must master 4 sequential levels of each of 4 skill-building activities.This program installed with a click of the mouse . The manual or `` handbook '' not only explains the program itself , which for the most part is easy to use and requires no explanation , but also provides insights into the educational bases for each included activity . Song lyrics can also be found in appendix . With its engaging animation and structured yet entertaining activities.Reader Rabbit 's Kindergarten is a good bet for the kindergarten-aged child with an interest in computer-based skill building and an adequate attention span .
 I will just add on to the previous review . I got this game for my 4 year old , but since she has been using the computer since a little under 3 I figured she was ready , and she really does love it . Unlike other similar games it does n't have a really fast easy ending . Finding all of the supplies by completing all of the sections takes a lot of time . She played it often for a few months , but she is now onto other games . It was really worth the money , mostly because the harder sections will be there when she is ready for them -LRB- math -RRB- .
 This was my daughter 's favorite game by far between the ages of 3-5 . She liked it more than the First Grade Reader Rabbit even when she was in first grade ! The game has a lot of depth to it so it does n't get repetitious . The many touches of humor throughout allow it lots of repeat playing.It is educational , although kids do n't even realize it . I liked the parental progress monitor that allows you to see how your child has progressed in each of the areas of learning , -LRB- matching , counting , reading etc. -RRB- My daughter had access to other games like Franklin the Turtle , Little Bear , Dinosaur 3D ond others but this was far and away the favorite . My choice for best computer game for this age group .
 Excellent transaction . Received timely and in advertised condition . I would do business with this seller again .
 My favorite all-purpose cookbook has just become an even bigger favorite-as a CD , available from the Amazon MarketPlace . For those with computers in the kitchen , it eliminates all the fuss of hauling out a big cookbook , paging through the recipes , and then copying out the ones that are family favorites . With this CD version , you just copy and print , if you need a hard copy.Geared to the needs of a wide spectrum of users , this Woman 's Day collection has a huge variety of well-seasoned recipes reflecting many different kinds of ethnic cookery . Each recipe carries a stated range of difficulty from complex to simple , a complete guide to preparation , and an introductory note describing interesting facts about the recipe or its ingredients , the amount of preparation time , and the amount of cooking time.Divided into the usual sections -- such as Grains and Beans , Desserts , Chicken and Turkey-the CD also offers helpful tips for cooking , recipe variations , microwave adaptations , and useful trivia -LRB- the number of shrimp per pound , depending on size , how to carve a roast , how to get perfectly rounded muffins , for example -RRB- . The `` how-to 's '' of basic cooking -- everything from grilling vegetables to making perfect pie crusts -- are also featured.The most helpful feature for those who are health-conscious or on special diets is that every recipe provides the counts of calories , carbs , protein grams , fat grams , cholesterol , and sodium , taking the guesswork completely out of planning healthy , nutritious , good-tasting meals . Additional sections provide menus , special recipes for entertaining and celebrations , and information on herbs , cheeses , and wines.Though I still enjoy reading the original cookbook , I also like the CD version for its practicality and its ease of use . The recipes , very well seasoned , are terrific -- I have n't found a single dud ! -- and I now have many new favorites with fewer calories and fat grams ! n Mary Whipple
 Good game . Use it my 3rd grade classroom . It does require some tech savvy skills if you want to use it on Windows 7 .
 I remember playing this game in grade schoolstarting in 3rd grade up until 5th , along withNumber munchers and The Oregon Trail . . man thistakes me back . Memories Memories : - -RRB-
 We all love this game!We make up fun little competitions , like who can get the most right answers.My husband and I play this to brush up on our skills and spend time with the kids.The kids play because they love to beat their parents.We let them win sometimes to encourage them to play and improve in school.What I love the most about this game is that it is by grade level.It has grades 1-5 and is in 3d . I have one child in third and the other in fifth , so the game can stay competitive as they improve in each subject .
 It 's not the Word Munchers I remember as a kid but it does keep the kids entertained doing something that helps them learn .
 My kids liked this . It is n't their favorite game of course but they use it at school and it is a fun way for them to have some educational time at the computer .
 Expression Web is a great product that competes very favorably with professional web design tools such as Dream WeaverHowever , FrontPage up-graders need to be aware that web component wizards , form designer or like conveniences are gone in Expression WebFrontPage users should expect a significant learning curve if they are not familiar with designing cascading style sheets -LRB- CSS -RRB- , creating web databases and the like . Plan to use FrontPage for your published sites until your skill sets have been upgraded too .
 Bought Microsoft Expression Web the day it became available here on Amazon , because of a positive review in a PC Magazine in 2006 . I shall be brief , after 6 years of using both FrontPage and Macromedia 's DreamWeaver , I am very impressed by Expression Web , finally the power of DreamWeaver with the usefulness -LRB- simplicity -RRB- of FrontPage combined.No offense here , but I have never seen any Program of this quality anytime before coming from Microsoft ... very unlike anything else from them.And the most amazing thing is , unlike any other piece of software from Microsoft , it does not come with the dreaded `` activation '' curse.You can install it , then uninstall - and re-install it on a new machine as many times as you like , without having to `` re-activate '' . If you are a DreamWeaver fan , and are not too happy that Macromedia was sold to Adobe , Microsoft Expression Web is an excellent alternative.Warmly recommended !
 I had just about given up on FrontPage because of its very clumsy use of css and other newer features . Also , the templates were horrible . I started using Expression as a Beta and it is a significant improvement . The templates were very easy to set up , and more significantly , all of the css features are right up front and easy to use.Yes , this is a programmers application and probably has no interest or suitability for those who want a total turn-key solution.I 've been waiting for this to finally be released for sale and am excited about an upgrade price below $ 100 for a product that has moved very close to Dreamweaver -LRB- a great product that is way out of my price category -RRB- .
 I have been using FrontPage 2003 and decided that Web Expression Web was the next stage in my website building hobby . It was easy to install , and I can still use FrontPage 2003 on my existing websites . No need for FrontPage extensions which will be a plus on one of the server hosts I use . Also bought `` Using Microsoft Expression Web '' by Jim Cheshire . An excellent book . Still have much to learn , but looks like fun .
 Expression Web starts where FrontPage left off allowing you to create Web sites that meet the latest Internet standards . After a few weeks of practicing with EW , I find it is quite user friendly even though it is has so many features . Using EW helps you better understand things like Dynamic Web Templates , Layers , Div tags and Cascading Style Sheets .
 I 've been using Expression since CTP1 . Feels like FP but it 's not ... actually produces clean code . If you 're transitioning from FP you will find it an easy move . Gone are most of webbot junk that never did work right in FP ... like the photo gallery slide show.Just open your FP designed web with EWD you do n't have to `` import '' it like the other poster says . Sounds like he did n't know how to use FP in the first place.It 's nice , really nice , and the upgrade from FP price is a steal.MS has a winner here .
 I find Expression Web easy to use and actually a learning tool at the same time . Being able to edit CSS easily in Expression Web is one of it strong points.I highly recommend this software .
 Having come from Front Page 2000 , I was a bit overwhelmed at how complex this program can be if you do n't have any other web authoring training -LRB- like me -RRB- . But it came with a `` Total Training '' DVD that helped quite a bit . And after I found a website called `` Expression Web Help , '' and went through their tutorials , I was really pleased with how flexible and powerful this program is . I can finally make professional looking websites instead of the old ones that scream `` I made this with Front Page ! `` Ken
 A little bit of a learning curve , but once I put down FrontPage for good , Expression became VERY easy .
 Expression Web is first rate.I was in the process of migrating from Frontpage to Dreamweaver . With EW available that may no longer be necessary.Frontpage 2003 is probably easier for a beginner to use without doing some study.A good basic knowledge of CSS and HTML is a big help in taking charge of EW . but every web designer needs that anyway.You also need to learn how to set EW 's preferences up before you start coding.This program -LRB- in beta -RRB- has helped -LRB- forced ? -RRB- me to learn to script clean , W3C compliant HTML & CSS.It may be better for an absolute beginner to buy Frontpage 2003 first , learn the basics of web building and then upgrade to EW.If you 're a current FP user buy EW today - it 's a bargain !
 With the FrontPage products in the past , Microsoft accomodated the beginner to novice web designers . With Expressions Web they have added the most advanced users to the list without losing the beginners . Great product !
 When I first received Expression Web , I was nervous about using this program . I have only used Microsoft FrontPage in the past & my experience with web design is really very limited . It took me a few weeks to learn how to use Expression Web , but now I love it !! If you are just getting started I recommend purchasing Expression Web plain & simple and watching as many videos from the Expression Web web site as possible . Check out my web site I created at -LSB- ... -RSB- . I did end up upgrading to Expression Studio & I like working with Expression Design .
 I am very , very happy with Expression Web.FrontPage is dead . And Expression Web must have been produced by a third party vendor ... I ca n't believe Microsoft can publish something this good . It actually teaches how to develop and use CSS web pages.Plus , it has asp and asp.net with database linking capabilities -LRB- which are just ahead in my learning curve -RRB- . Best of all , it came with training video produced by Total Training.The training video is probably a fifty dollar value and really gets you up and running . You will never use FrontPage again.After using Expression Web for several months , I uninstalled Dreamweaver which was just taking up hard disk space.Expression Web is a version 1.0 product . I do n't have any complaints about it and am still learning it . Recommendation
 I would give this product a 5 star rating but it just came out and there are a few very small problems . I 'm sure Microsoft will fix them in future updates . One problem
 Just learning to use Microsoft Expression Web now , but seems to be an somewhat easy transition from FrontPage . I also bought the book `` Using Microsoft Expression Web '' by Jim Cheshire and reading it and also using the tutorials on his website , -LSB- ... -RSB- has really helped me find the little `` tricks '' . I highly recommend using Microsoft Expression Web !
 Compared to FrontPage and its infamous `` bots '' , Expressions Web is a refreshing piece of software from Microsoft that out-DreamWeavers DreamWeaver . As a long time DreamWeaver user , the ability to easily stay in design mode in Expressions Web while building your user interface without the incredible futz-factor that DreamWeaver imposes is its greatest strength . This is a very impressive , stable product that I plan to use a great deal in my non - . net web development work . It makes building and maintaining pure html web sites and newsletters much easier and more intuitive than ever .
 I was very skeptical at first , downloaded the free trial and was blown away with what I have been able to make with it . I am very new to web design , but the website I created with it looks like I paid a designer a lot of money . Now , it took me a long time of clicking on buttons and reading the Microsoft user forums to figure things out , the learning curve is not too difficult but definitely takes some time , but now that I know how to use it I realize how powerful it is as I can bang out new professional sites very quickly.Main drawback I have heard is that they have done away with some of the Frontpage tools like counters and such . However , they do allow you to cut and paste the code in from those things , I have searched online for Javascript code for various things I wanted to do and found tons of free code to cut and paste into my site that work great . This program makes it very easy to do by switching to code view.Best advice is this
 I have been a Front Page user . I played around a bit with the beta version of this program , and now am using it for my websites . I have been able to transition my websites from a Front Page format into a healthier code . I did purchase a how to book about the program , to be able to take advantage of the new features . I highly recommend this program for folks familiar with the Microsoft interface .
 Great product ! I have had a little experience with FrontPage , but this product is definitely not FrontPage with a new look . This is an easy to use yet professionally powerful tool for web page development . It goes way beyond my abilities . If Microsoft continues to develop this product the way it has started ... then watch out DreamWeaver .
 A good product but like a lot of Microsoft releases , not everyone outside of Microsoft is ready for it . Check with your web hosting service first to be sure they support sites developed with Expression Web . That is a problem I have run into . In fact some hosting services that support Front Page , have n't even come to full support of Front Page 2003 let alone Expression Web . You could end up changing hosting services to take full advantage of this product and its features .
 Having used this software for only a few months -LRB- trial period included -RRB- I have found it to be an evolution of MS Front Page 2003 with some of the convenient pre-packaged functionality removed , but far more powerful support for style sheets and styles in general , included.Expression Web also unobstrusively guides the designer towards standards-compliant design.I am still learning the software , but can say that despite some of the missing bits from FP2003 , this is a vast improvement . The interface is similar to FP2003 in many respects , so it is easy for a FP2003 user to pick up EW and start using it right away.An excellent product .
 I have been using Front Page since the 1998 version and have upgraded to each new version along the way . Since I have designed over 350 web sites over the past 10 years , I was excited to hear about the new Expression Web.I received the upgrade abot 2 weeks ago and I love it . If you have used Front Page in the past this is an easy transition . Use it just like you would Front Page . This new version offers a great improvement from past versions and I am looking forward to seeing all it has to offer!Finally a big step-up from previous versions ! If you are comfortable with using Front Page then do n't hesitate ... buy it !
 I 've been a self-made web designer for over 7 years now . I had used Front Page and when Microsoft came out with Expression Web I decided to go for it and purchased the `` upgrade '' . While there 's a definite learning curve , I can see that this new editing software is well worth the money spent . It comes with a tutorial - and if you search there are other free tutorials out there too . I highly recommend going through the tutorial , as it will give the basics . Right now I 'm designing my first site with it . I am having a lot of fun discovering all the attributes it has . If you are a web designer , then I recommend this program !
 The only thing that keeps me from giving this 5 stars , is a bug in running this product on Vista that makes the help files not work . That made it more difficult . But this is one dynamite product . You can use templates of various kinds , or you can code things yourself , or a combination of the two . This is truly a standards-based product . The website I built with this looks great in almost every browser . Where it does n't I know it 's because of that browser treating something in a non-standard way , because I know my site adheres to internet standards .
 As a professional web designer and software developer from way back , this is the current king of web development programs . I have been waiting many years for someone to make a replacement for dreamweaver , which because of its code base has some deep flaws -LRB- although dreamweaver is still a respectable and good product over all - the previous king -RRB- . I can move back and forth between visual studio effortlessly , and it plays nice . It will even open up dreamweaver templated sites with no problems.And it is fast , like instant fast - much better than dreamweaver in this regards - when you have 2 dozen windows open , then resource usage starts to become a factor.For those reviewers you are complaining about lack of front page features , front page was one of the worst products out there , creating sloppy code and difficult to use when creating dynamically driven sites.If you are serious in your web design work , then get this product.For newbies - the learning curve involved is one of learning the basics of web development , not so much the product itself . Ignore the adivce to start with frontpage which will teach you bad habits , and start off correctly.For those of you developing dynamic sites , if you use cold-fusion , php , and the like then stick with dreamweaver . If you use or lean towards the net framework then go with web expression and couple it with visual studio -LRB- either the free or pro version -RRB-
 I find MS 's Expression Web to be a huge step up for the professional web designer from FrontPage . FrontPage 2003 was extremely nice and very usable by informal web developers , but the code view really was n't much better than notepad -LRB- ... not that I have a problem with notepad ! -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- I highly recommend it for the professional web designer .
 I 've been using OWP since version 4.0 . It is an easy and very affordable accounting system . I 've progressively updated through the versions including 8.00 . I was shocked , when for the first time in years printing W-2s became a problem . The state and local wages and withholding never printed . Even after calling the $ 4.00 per miniute help line the problem was not solved -LRB- note this is the same hardware that ran W-2s flawlessly in version 7.0 -RRB- .
 I have misplaced my One Write Plus 8.0 CD and desperately need it ; I have the security code . Does anyone have the CD for sale ?? Thanks , Kim
 OWP has been an easy software product for my hubbie 's biz . It 's being phased out , and I feel `` pressured '' to convert.I have been using Quickbooks as a backup for a number of years , and I think that QB has my vote . `` QB '' at least gives you options for various reports that your biz needs , and when you sign up for the extra payroll and tax services ... it really makes life much easier.I did not find `` PeachTree '' to be that flexible.While both QB and PC tends to lean towards the more `` intelligent '' users -LRB- hubbie could never use either ... -RRB- ; I still think that the OWP version should be reinvented .
 This software allows true accounting without the headaches . It offers ease-of-use and security in one product . It serves my needs at the price I want . It 's great !
 I originally wrote this review thinking that TaxCut did something wrong in calculating home depreciation for my wife 's home business that was started and stopped in 2004 . However , I got an email from the IRS today stating that I can not claim home depreciation for businesses placed in service and disposed of in 2004 . Pub 946 , Page 6 under ` Excepted Property'To check to see if TaxCut would calculate it correctly if I said I started the businessin 2003 , I went back to the interview and changed my business start date to 1/12/2003 . After I did this TaxCut correctly calculated my depreciation as expected.That was the only issue I had with TaxCut . And this is not really an issue since TaxCut was right all along . Kudos to TaxCut for covering all the details , unlike their competitor , TurboTax , which I found 2 major bugs in their software that they try to deny . One bug is that TurboTax gave me the home depreciation credit for my part year business . This is not correct according to Pub 946 . I would have increased my chances of being audited by Uncle Sam if I filled with TurboTax.I am so glad I was able to return TurboTax back to the store and exchange it for TaxCut . TaxCut blows TurboTax out the water . I will never even think about purchasing TurboTax again , they think their software is perfect , when really its not . Then when you report errors , they tell you , that YOU did something wrong.TaxCut gets an B + , with my only complaint being that the interview could be a bit more decriptive and tell you EXACTLY what is happening to the figures you type in to it . If it had done that in I never would have questioned why I did n't get a home depreciation credit in the first place.In hindsight , I think I may have wasted my money on Complete Home & Business . I think I could have sufficed with TaxCut Platinum , since the only business we had last year was a home daycare . TurboTax did n't even prompt me to use the business CD that was included . Oh well , theres always EBAY . And also I did need to use `` Ask a Tax Advisor '' for some help . And I well get a rebate of the cost since I bought `` Complete Home & Business '' . In either case , this software still blows that TurboTax crap out the water , it follows all the tax laws and does all calculations correctly ; at least in my case .
 Both complaints I read below sound more like people that are too impatient to wait for the final updates or follow directions , than serious tax filers . If you want to file your taxes in January , you are going to have to fill our the forms manually , the software companies -LRB- both TaxCut and Turbo Tax -RRB- have to finish their final programming after the IRS releases the final rules.Moving on . I have used TaxCut now for 6 or 7 consecutive years . Every year it gets easier to use . I do n't have easy taxes either . I own 5 rental homes and have to deal with all the write-offs and depreciation . TaxCut has been a great help to me . I would recommend it to anyone .
 the fact that this program can imports from TaxCut , TurboTax , Quicken , Microsoft Money , was what moved me from TurboTax to here the last reviewer may not have noticed but Taxcut sent out numerous updates that resolved a lot of issues with the software and it alarmed you multiple times before sending off your taxes from last year almost making it error free . . . and they will support you for those errors if any at all if the IRS did indeed have to be involved -LRB- I had none with my business -RRB- ... after the `` spyware like '' problems that inuuit 's Turbotax and Quicken had , it was great to see how easy it was to move to this program as well as my now favorite MS Money small business program after being a dedicated user of Quicken/TurboTax for 5 years and dreading the change . Below 's quotes work for this year and last year for me and I hope for others : `` Whether you are a novice at tax preparation or a pro looking for shortcuts , TaxCut Premium 2003 , our `` Top 10 Reviewers ' Choice Award Winner '' is an excellent product for tax preparation and filing . TaxCut combines a wealth of useful features and information with simple navigation for a good price . `` Top Ten Reviews `` It holds the edge when it comes to calculating income and expenses for self-employment , and it was the most comprehensive and easiest to use in that area . `` TechTV
 I have used both TurboTax and TaxCut . I found both very similar -LRB- you can even upload your prior year 's taxes done with TurboTax to this year 's TaxCut program -RRB- . I like TaxCut better mainly because I completed both my business and personal taxes with one program . I saved over $ 70 . The `` Ask a Tax Advisor '' option -LRB- money-back rebate included -RRB- is helpful , especially if you want to do your taxes yourself , but think you may have a few questions .
 I 've been using CYBERsitter since about 1996 and have received many , many upgrades since then . It always seems to have more and up to date features whenever I compare it . They added instant messaging software a couple years ago which I really like . Having 4 kids grow up with the internet , their safety is a major concern and CYBERsitter has always provided such . I have and still do recommend it to friends and family .
 First off , we have a five user pack , with one installed on each of our kids computers -LRB- four kids w/computers at home -RRB- . I have used it for 3 years . I chose this over some other software available because 3 years ago it had more features than the other companies out there.Let me say a couple of things . Some of the features work well , and some do n't . For example , we have put options in for the kids to be able to access their own personal pages on Myspace -LRB- which I monitor -RRB- , but not the other pages . That does n't seem to matter , Cybersitter wo n't let one of my kids on her page , but the other one CAN go . I followed the same procedure for both computers . My son is not allowed to play his war game online , even though I told it to let him online ... put that game in the good list ... it will let him onto the site ... let him set up a game ... but then freezes the loading ... very frustrating for kids trying to play . The only way around this I have found is to suspend the program -LRB- that 's easy to do for an administrator -RRB- . The snoop feature does n't work on any of their computers ... so I can not see what they 've been doing . Also , the report emails work fine , and have been useful from time to time . I know one of my kids had a friend who was trying to se profanity in chats and they were blocked regularly ... the report shows who that was and the blocked messages . It is very difficult to read though ... because it looks almost like a computer read out.Some kids will try to work around CyberSitter by using proxy websites . CyberSitter really should block all proxy sites , but they do n't . At the same time CyberSitter has regularly not allowed sites that are supposed to be blocked . For example we have gambling sites checked as places we do n't want our kids to go to . One of my teens was doing a research report on the recent James Bond movie `` Casino Royale '' . Because it had the word Casino in it , she could see none of the hits until I suspended the program filtering temporarily . Even though that was irritating , I felt good that it was still blocking some things.I am adding filters to my office computers and will try another brand-because I have become aware of another company that has a filter that is better in some respects , perhaps operating more smoothly than CyberSitter ... but it does not have email/IM protection ... and if kids do anything online they are probably on AOL IM ... . So for kids this is number one because it is still the best one on the market that has instant message and email filtering ... how can anyone say they are protecting kids without that ?? It is absolutely amazing to me that there are products on the market that claim to protect kids from the junk out there ... and they have NOTHING for chat/email . To me that is just not living in the real world . So even with it 's flaws , I think CyberSitter is the best thing available for families and I recommend you get it .
 CYBERsitter has been around since the Internet became available to personal users . The company is still there and still updating and supporting the product . I can always get answers to questions , plus I have never had to pay any update fees . I had one serious problem with a spyware program that caused my Internet to lock up . The CYBERsitter guys helped me get going again , even though it turned out the problem had nothing to do with CYBERsitter .
 I wonder if some of the people reviewing this are reviewing a different version . The version that I have has the ability to block proxy sites . There is also the ability on a Windows XP install to disallow access to a DOS prompt , control panel , time changing , and a couple of other functions that kids were using to get around CYBERsitter . The documentation says that the ability to block those items is part of Vista , so on a Vista install those options are not available . I installed on a Windows XP computer , so I ca n't comment about a Vista install.Since I was using OpenDNS filtering for filtering the outright bad websites , I was looking for a product that could handle the gray websites like wikipedia and YouTube.The program has the ability to block social networking sites , chat sites , Instant Message , newsgroups , mail websites , etc. . I just blocked those sites on my install , so I can not comment on how CYBERsitter interacts with those types of websites or programs.There is no ability to have accounts . It is an all or nothing deal . You can say that certain logins should not use filtering , but you ca n't say that child_A is a young child , so only let the child go on kids websites , while child_B is a teenager , so do content filtering.My main concern was Wikipedia and YouTube type of sites . That is where most of my testing was done . There is an ability to add custom filter words . I just looked at certain wiki projects whose pages I had issues with and entered those words into the filter dialog box , and the content was filtered correctly . To help not filter general discussions about those topics , I used the detailed anatomical words.The main problems is that there is no logic to the filtering . If I said to filter `` apple '' , it would not filter `` apples '' or `` apple.jpg '' . The website says that there is custom code for filtering on and Facebook , but I could not find the settings in my install of CYBERsitter version 10.8.4.30 . Actually , if one reads the website carefully it says something along the lines of feature is included or will be in the future . In other words , they are planning to add it , but it has not been added yet.Would I recommend this product to somebody else ? If you have very small children under the age of 8 -LRB- not able to type searches on their own -RRB- , the Vista controls set to `` high '' should be fine . If you have children that are only in 1 age category -LRB- teens or children or seniors -RRB- , this product should work fine . If you have mixed age groups , there is going to be issues due to the lack of logins integrated with windows.If you are planning to test a bunch of different filtering programs , there will be problems , because they will conflict with each other . When CYBERsitter was installed , even though I told it to be deactivated , it caused problems with my testing of NetNanny.Oh , I also did not like the way that if a user tried to access a page that was not allowed , it randomly goes to another page . That is good if you want to run the program in hidden mode , but if you want to run the program more openly , it causes problems . It would have been nicer if there was the ability to select different options
 I have no idea what some of these people are talking about . I 've tried all the most popular filters , and cybersitter is the best I have found . I got version 11 in December , and I love it ! It seems `` smart '' , and is really easy to use . Not too many features , not too few . It does everything it should do . I have great control over how much I want filtered for EACH of my kids ! There is an optional configuration for EACH user . Love it ! It 's new in this version.Other programs gave me a headache with all the bells and whistles they tried to pack in , and you need to be an expert to figure them out ... -LRB- cough ... Netnanny ... cough cough -RRB- AND they still accidentally block good sites.I used version 10 before I upgraded , and it accidentally blocked sites too . That was better than accidentally NOT blocking a porn site , but the new version has never blocked anything I needed to get to , and blocks everything you should n't get to.Sure , they do n't list all their numbers on their site , but that 's not uncommon . When I had a question , I just wrote an email . Helloooooo , you 're on the computer now . Welcome to technology , and do n't rely on a phone number . They got right back to me , and I liked that someone actually read my question and responded without sending out some automated response that does n't have anything to do with the info I needed.I 'll have kids in my house for 10 + years . I think I 'll stick with cybersitter !
 First , we have used cyber sitter for over 13 years , since the earlier versions including V 10 , which now no longer functions.I can understand the need for yearly renewal , as updates is constantly needed for any `` cyber '' monitoring to work with anti-spam , anti-malware , and anti-virus softwared.If you are to install this product , first , shut down windows firewall and antivirus first . Otherwise installation can not work . Cybersitter will conflict with many programs which access the internet , which includes online back up softwares , online hard drives , etc. . Cybersitter will conflict with some windows updates , and you might want to manually do the updates after shutting cybersitter and your antivirus off.Next , you probably should only pick `` I 'll check windows update on my own '' feature . Basically , anyone who shuts down their computer or own a laptop should chose self initiated windows update ... . Otherwise you 'll risk crashing your computer , especially with Vista . You should not do windows update unless you shut down cybersitter , and also shut down antivirus . I know , update will work 99 % of the times , but that 1 % will give you more grief than you want.As far as children able to disable it ... yes ... anyone can ... . But that 's why you are the parent . Most children knows more about operating system and system files than most parents do . But cybersitter is not a parent replacement . Do n't blame the product if you have stopped being a parent.It is too bad that there is no perfect way to use cybersitter . If you have a teenager , they are too smart , and will change time and date , and tweak CY to work at any time they want . They have removed the manual word search blocking , which could make the program more powerful . The `` always allower '' sites , do n't always work , as they are dependent on too many sub sites that CY will block . I think the older version with manual word blocking availability is better for parents .
 Thanks , but ... `` TaxCut Premium/TaxCut Premium for Macintosh '' means that it appies for all versions -LRB- including the Macintosh version -RRB- ... not just Macintosh.I 've used the product the last three years , and I think it 's great !!!
 Look at the reviews and you 'll find that those who gave this product a poor rating have never used the most recent addition . I really do n't care what someone may think about an old product because it has nothing to do with THIS product . One reviewer ever calls it `` KTC '' ... sorry but they have not used the name Kiplinger 's since the 2000 version.Get a clue.THIS product does as good a job as any , is easy to follow , imports Quicken data just fine -LRB- if you have it set up correctly to begin with -RRB- , has the features that mean the most and does it as a cost far less than TurboTax .
 I found this program to be easy to use . Their interview style walks you right through , you do n't even know you are preparing a tax return . I especially like the way it will take you right to the actual Form and show you the worksheets on how they arrive at decisions . Tax Cut showed me that we could make an $ 1850 traditional IRA contribution for my wife that we thought was disallowed . I also liked the way it held my hand through the capital gains , 1099 , and stock buy/sell recording . It lets you skip around , go back and forth . Viewing the actual worksheets that TaxCut uses to compute the values that get entered on the 1040 was a little difficult . I had to contact their tech support to find the long term tax computations . I initially contacted them through thier on-line chat , but my browser crashed , not their fault . I then emailed my question and they responded the next day . The info was there , I had n't scrolled down enough . All-in-all , the tax prep portion was excellent , checking the calculations took a little getting used to the software . I will be buying this next year .
 I like this product . It is fairly easy to use and has a lot of the features that I can use . I bought other products that did not fit my primary needs . Mainly editing . AVI home movies . This product edits and saves in the original format . You can download a trial version to see if you like the product . Amazon had a great price -LSB- ... -RSB- That I found nowhere else . I highly recommend it for editing home movies , at least for me .
 This product is by far the best one i have ever used . I highly recommend it over any other program out there . I have used numerous other programs and they dont even compare to this one . This product is extremely easy to use and has all of the features you would need to edit your videos and far more . If you are thinking about buying this product i highly recommend doing so you will not be disappointed with it .
 I bought this for the simple purpose of editing HDV to make HD DVD 's burned on regular DVD 's . It does this very well , no problems whatsoever.When I tried the free trial version it would not capture HDV from my Canon HV20 camera . I went ahead and bought because I found another program to capture video.I updated the program from the web site , and found that HDV capture works fine.Being a newbie to editing , I have been able to negotiate around the program pretty well.Update
 This is my first time getting semi-serious with video editing . Working on backing up and editing all my old homemade vhs tapes in to dvd format . Very powerful program . Lots of choices for special effects , menu 's , templates , etc , with even more free stuff available from Ulead once you install the product . Instruction book that comes with it is pretty good , though sometimes a bit vague with the details , but at least it 's an actual book you can hold in your hand ! Not just a text file you have to download or some nonsense . There is a ton of information available on their forums , though imo there is TOO much stuff . No way would anyone be able to actually find an answer in the thousands of posts on their boards . Not sure about cust . support , etc , since I have n't had to use it yet . Good price , plus a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate when I bought it , not bad ! It 's crashed a few times on me , though my system is pretty up-to-date and solid . I recommend saving regularly as you work on projects , just in case . All in all ... an intuitive , not too-easy-not-too-hard product that will get the job done for most beginner to intermediate videomaniacs .
 Conclusion first
 If you want to make a Looping DVD for a trade show , this is it very easy . Tried at least 4 or 5 other methods . This one does it
 Video editing is not simple and projects place the most severe demands on your PC . When you move to HD , the demands increase exponentially . Ulead VideoStudio 11 , like any editor , does have a learning curve , so be patient . Be certain to read the manual that comes with the box or download it from their site in pdf and take it with you on your laptop or pda.If you are just starting out as a video editor , you have some surprises ahead because it is a tedious job ; not only to learn , but to produce . It is far more difficult than working with photos . If you are just looking to produce a short DVD movie from your camera , it is easy . But , adding titles , overlays , and audio tracks does take time.I have had several months experience comparing the Ulead VideoStudio to Pinnacle Studio Plus 11 . I find the features and reliablity of the Ulead suite to be superior to any of the consumer level Pinnacle softwares . In fact , my experiences with Pinnacle have been less than satisfactory and their support is non-existent . I would stay far away.What is particularly nice about this product is that when you install and register , it is fully functional . There are no gimmicks requiring you to activate other features . Also , it does n't seem to overtax your processor . With Pinnacle , my processor fan was on high the entire time and I experienced numerous hangups and crashes with the CPU @ 100 % . Ulead does n't do that . It does , however , pause in an inactive mode for a while when performing certain tasks like splitting scenes from your movie . These pauses appear to be hangups and provide no '' ... please wait '' , but eventually it comes back . Get another cup of coffee . Will you experience crashes ? Probably , but fewer.While I do like Pinnacle 's editor a lot , I spent three weeks editing a series of digitized 8mm family movies into a one hour project . Pinnacle would only produce 41 minutes of the project either to disk or DVD . That was a lot of wasted time and their `` support '' could not solve the problem . If only Ulead would import Pinnacle projects ; that would be a coup.So , this review seems to be mostly what I do n't like about Pinnacle Studio Plus 11 , but for the reader 's satisfaction I moved from that product to Ulead VideoStudio 11 and found some welcome relief as well as full features . I did spend three wasted weeks with Pinnacle and that is a sore point with me . The moral to my story is start with Ulead VideoStudio and when you get good at it , perhaps move along to high-end products like Adobe . My jury is still out for a while on this product , but so far it looks good.I hope this was helpful.Amended ... just finished my one hour movie using Ulead VideoStudio 11 . Completed the project over three days without one computer hang up or crash . The program is great and deserves five stars .
 VideoStudio 11 is impressive . I also suffered through crummy , buggy previous Pinnacle Studio versions . I tried to install Pinnacle 11 on a 4 year old laptop but it complained that my driver was out of date -LRB- though it 's not -RRB- and runs very slowly . Plus Pinnacle still nickel and dimes you for every little function and template that should be included -LRB- `` you can download mpeg2 functionality now for only $ 10 ! '' -RRB- Adobe Premier Elements 3 would not install period due to having an older AMD processor . Plus Adobe can edit HD - but it ca n't output to HD formats ? Okay ... To heck with them.Video Studio runs solid and fast , and my old laptop can even edit 1080i HDV just fine with the proxy editing function . The other programs do n't have it . Capture is smooth and fast and scenes are detected quickly . Rendering is fast as well . And it has 7 video tracks where Pinnacle has only 2 . The other companies are not very up front about their steep hardware requirements . Do your research and make sure you have newish hardware and a good video card and lots of RAM if you go with something else . Especially if you have any hope of editing HD . Ulead just works . Do n't bother with the base version though , it 's kind of crippled compared to the Plus version.Pinnacle 11 specifically the Ultimate version is still kind of tempting to me but only because it 's got a very superior `` Ken Burns '' style pan-and-zoom program for still photos included as an integrated add-on . If that does n't interest you then forget it .
 I have used this on a new laptop running Vista . Thankfully , I have never had any speed issues with VideoStudio although it does crash on rare occasion . VideoStudio is quick to import videos , images , and audio from almost any source and equally speedy at creating AVIs , WMVs , DVD menus , etc. . Although I do think that a power-user will quickly outgrow the simple interface , I found the UI so easy to navigate that it only took a weekend of use to feel like a pro . I did find , though , that some tasks that are probably easier to accomplish in prosumer video editing packages can be a bit laborious in VideoStudio . Specifically , rearranging titles and sound -LRB- which can not be copied and pasted and can only be lengthened if there is enough room on the timeline -LRB- that is , you must first shorten one title in order to lengthen one adjacent to it ; VideoStudio will not automatically make room for the lengthened title -RRB- . Also , there are some limitations that can be become frustrating once you outgrow the program -LRB- e.g. there is n't a way to have title items fade in or out at different times ; all items on a title slide will fade in or out at the exact same time -RRB- . But once you get to the point that you 've outgrown the program , it 's probably best to step up to Ulead MediaStudio and learn the ropes there.All in all , this a great little video editing program packed with a wide-range of useful features that 'll keep you busy cranking out quality video projects.Good luck with your editing projects .
 I 've had this program for a few weeks and it delivers excatly what itpromises . After fightning with crappy programs like Pinnacle Studio 9 & 10 for the last few years this program is like a Godsend . If you ` reused to Pinnacle systems , there is a slight learning curve , but the time spent getting to know this software is well worth it . True Ulead does n't have nearly as many special effects as Pinnacle , but Ulead does n't crash your system every ten minutes like Pinnacle Studios.Ulead VideoStudio 11 Plus is a straight forward video editing program and it kicks butt !
 I have been authoring and editing video for several years and I was looking for a new program that did the editing . I have used corel programs before and was always pleased with their performance so I did my research and settled for this program.FYI
 Ulead VideoStudio 11 Plusby John C. Lee , Thousand Oaks PC ClubAfter Corel Corporation acquired Ulead Systems earlier this year , it released the latest version of Ulead 's video editing and DVD authoring program , VideoStudio 11 Plus . Ulead has incorporated a few new features and enhancements , but retained most of the program contents of its preceding version including the same three program options . The DV-to-DVD Wizard provides a 2-step procedure to burn a DVD disc directly from DV tape . You scan the DV tape at a speed from 1X up to 10X and select the scenes you want to add to your movie . Then you apply a theme template and burn to DVD . The Movie Wizard option is designed to guide novices through a simple three-step procedure to a finished movie . The VideoStudio Editor lets advanced users perform more sophisticated video productions . Its comprehensive interface contains a preview window for full editing with a step-by-step workflow to capture or import clips , organize or edit the clips on the storyboard or timeline , and then enhance your production with overlays , animated text , video filters , transitions , effects and audio . In the VideoStudio Editor you can also use the DV Quick Scan option to select the scenes you like to include in the movie , before batch capturing the video clips to the Timeline.Scanning a DV tape using the Scene Detection option in the DV-to-DVD Wizard usually results in a large number of scenes . A 24-minute DV tape that I scanned showed more than 30 scenes with some scene durations as short as a few seconds . This significantly slows down the capture time , because the DV tape has to go back and forth to seek the beginning frame of each scene before it starts the capture . I have found it is more convenient and faster to work with a smaller number of scanned scenes or video clips . I hope that Ulead will provide an option to merge scenes or video clips in future releases , to enable reducing the number of Timeline video clips or the number of scenes with the DV-to-DVD Wizard.VideoStudio 11 Plus comes with the convenient feature of an expandable timeline scale which can zoom up to individual picture frames for precise trimming , and 6 overlay tracks for picture-in-picture and montage effects . You can also resize or reposition the overlay pictures and add fade in/fade out , transparent masks , frames , and flash animations or chroma key effects in each of the six overlay tracks.Two new video filters -LRB- DeBlock and DeSnow -RRB- were introduced in VideoStudio 11 Plus . DeBlock is used for filtering out blocky artifacts or mosquito effects found in highly compressed videos . DeSnow does a very effective job of removing analog video noise or noise from digital videos shot in low light.Another new useful feature is the White Balance and Auto Tone Adjustment in the Color Correction Option Panel . The White Balance gives the option of manual or auto adjustment of ambient lighting and color temperature , while the Auto Tone Adjustment automatically corrects the color and tonal qualities of the video clip or still image . This is a very convenient tool . I use it almost exclusively for my video editing.VideoStudio 11 Plus supports multiple format inputs . You can mix these inputs on the Timeline . The new MPEG Optimizer will analyze the bit rates of all the input clips to arrive at encoding settings for the best quality and least rendering time.In addition to DV and HDV camcorders , VideoStudio 11 Plus now supports AVCHD -LRB- Advanced Video Codec High Definition -RRB- , which is a new hard drive or disc-based camcorder format developed jointly by Panasonic and Sony.The most notable weakness of the application that I found is the slow rendering time . A 45-minute video project with only a few overlay and audio additions took about 2-hour rendering time , even after I set a high priority to the VideoStudio task and disabled all the other msconfig tasks and services . Another nuisance I detected is that the program tends to slow down as I added more overlays , audio tracks , and effects to the project.VideoStudio 11 Plus comes with a printed User 's Guide and online help . However , I find the organization of the online help to be less than desirable and uncoordinated . You practically have to search through the whole online help to find the topic you want . In some cases it either does not exist or is very confusing . The following shows some examples : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Multi-trim Video is a very convenient tool for trimming unwanted segments from a Timeline video clip , and its online help is well documented except the X-Delete Icon . The popup shows a confusing tip , `` Remove selected clips -LRB- Delete -RRB- '' , and the online help does not explain whether it means `` Remove selected clips from the Multi-trim tool '' or `` Delete selected clips from the Timelime '' . I had to run through several trials and errors to find out what the Delete icon really does . It means to Remove the selected clips from the Multi-trim tool and not Delete the clips from the Timeline -LRB- 2 -RRB- Ulead likes to use uncommon terms such as Lower Field First or Upper field First that not many users are familiar with . Yet the field order option between Frame-based , Lower and Upper Field is shown in 5 dialog boxes for the user to decide on . Nowhere in the online help and search , can I find the explanation of the field order . I finally obtained the answer from Ulead 's Tech Support , and it is more involved than I expected , as indicated in the following : Your project 's field order should match your clip 's field order . Digital video is primarily Lower Field -LRB- Field A -RRB- , and analog video is Upper Field -LRB- Field B -RRB- . Frame-based is for computer monitors or progressive scan TVs -LRB- or slide show only projects -RRB- . Digital video from a mini DV digital camcorder is normally Lower Field First , although with a mini-DVD or hard-disk based digital camcorder it is normally Upper Field First . -LRB- 3 -RRB- I found that several dialog boxes ask for the same kind of settings such as file format , frame rate , compression , etc. . This leads to confusion and uncertainty as to which dialog box settings determine the final output . For instance , there is no need to have a default field order setting in File > Preference dialog box when you already have it in the File > Project Properties dialog box . Also , there is no need to have a dialog box of Make Movie Templates Manager inside the Tool menu when all the settings are fully covered in the Video Save Options of the Share > Create Video File . The same is true with the superfluous Information dialog box in the Share > Create Disc step.My suggestion to improve the accessibility of the help is to use a cross-reference system . Each topic on the online help would be assigned a reference number like 1-A , 2-B , etc. , and all the dialog boxes and if necessary tool tabs be given pop-up tips with reference numbers corresponding to those in the online help.VideoStudio 11 Plus is a well-conceived program and easy to work with , once you have spent enough time to familiarize yourself with each of the multitudinous options and dialog boxes . But most of the important features with the exception of a few new ones were already contained in its preceding version 10 Plus . If you already have the version 10 , I see no reason to upgrade to the new version , unless you really need those new features as discussed in the above . But if you have an older version than version 10 , I think it is worthwhile to upgrade to this new version , because there were many changes introduced into version 10 from version 9 . System Requirements -LRB- for general and Proxy HDV Editing -RRB- The System Requirements for the Ulead VideoStudio 11 Plus can be found in the webpagehttp : / / www.corel.com/servlet/Satellite/us/en/Product/1175714229358Ulead Systems ' website is http://www.ulead.com . Ulead provides e-mail technical support and the self-support from its online learning center . The e-mail support service has been significantly improved since the take-over by Corel Corporation . You can get a response in no more than two days , as compared to `` No Answer '' before the take-over .
 I have a Panasonic HDC-SD1 videocamera . I have been editing now for several weeks . There is a semi-steep learning curve trying to figure things out ; ie . when I first tried to upload my video files onto the computer , I had a hard time trying to understand how . Now its simple.Also , I found on the Internet , a forum where someone has produced step by step procedures on how to use this software and different projects , ver 10 , that proved invaluable . Once you see the guy do it , you think , `` I can do that '' . Just do a Search.I have not had any software - computer related crashes as some have reported . I have a 2.8 Ghz witha 6800 series video card and 1GB of Ram.As others have stated , you must be patient in learning this software , but if you want to produce non-boring family videos , this is a good software package . I was able to add and mix in still images into my video product , do pans , zooms , add titles , then add music over the entire 2 and half minute video I produced for myself as a practice project . I then burned to a dvd with no problem , which played fine on my basic dvd player . Uploading to my iPod was just as simple.Very happy with my purchase and enjoying the creative outlet .
 I recommend before purchasing , using the free trial period that the companies offer , which is usually a month . I had downloaded Vegas Movie Studio Platinum from Sony , Adobe 's Premiere Elements 3 and VideoStudio 11 Plus . Of the three , Corel was the best and by far the easiest . Sony 's software I just found too difficult and tedious , but I found myself easily picking up VideoStudio . The ability to create 5.1 sound and the level of detail when you add music is great to really make your DVD 's look professional . ITunes Plus music has no problem working with this software either . There are loads of special effects , transitions and filters to give it that personal touch .
 I have been a user of Video Studio since version 5 . It has always been my favorite for editing mpg files . It now has more bells and whistles.We have had a problem using their SmartRender progam . It is an option when saving out a video file . We have had to turn it off to prevent locking up the computer . Other than that I love this stuff . I never had a problem with version 7,8,9 or 10 . For the price it is great . The program is intuative making it easy to teach others .
 Very usefull program for edition home videos . and creating your own dvdsRod
 I am soooooo happy . I had this software but my puter crashed and the backup I had made of the original did n't work . Glad to have this back again as I love all the features this software offers !! TYTY !
 This product allows me to do everything I need to do . It could be a little easier to write images and save images in other formats , but once I learned how to do that , it made things a lot simpler.Very good value!Shannon
 I studied and tried -LRB- free trial -RRB- all video studio type products and chose this product . Great and best choice , does it all very effectively . You simply can not go wrong with this product . Highly recommended . Corel Ulead is the way to go .
 I have used Ulead Viedo products and I have to say that this is the best yet . It is easy to use and makes video editing fun.It has may features that other programs have that cost many hundreds of dollars more .
 Have only used this to make DVDs of home videos . All processes I used worked cleanly with my PC . With the standard interface -LRB- not the wizard -RRB- the steps along a simple path of inserting videos into a project and then burning a DVD were not obvious to those of us unfamiliar to video editing software .
 This package is perfect for anyone who is ready to dive right into editing their home movies . There are plenty of options and its real straight forward and easy to use.I was editing and burning dvd 's of my movie within an hour of starting to edit.Take a SERIOUS look into this .
 Ulead VideoStudio 11 had the capabilities and ease-of-use features needed to create fairly complex DVD 's and still work on my older PC with only 512K RAM -LRB- and adding RAM significantly speeds up processing -RRB- . Reading product reviews I expected the program to have all the flexibility needed , including pan-and-zoom on both photos and videos , and hoped that it would not be too complex to use without a long `` training '' period . The program met expectations , enabled smooth video-audio-overlays , even 5.1 music/effects tracks without any problems . Rendering time with limited memory -LRB- the 512K -RRB- was lengthy -LRB- about 4 hours for a 1 hour DVD -RRB- , but shortened considerably when more RAM was added . Never any freeze problems or integration issues with XP Home operating systems . Worth the price !
 Video Studio 11 Plus offers all the features the home user will need , at a reasonable price . I am using a 1.7 Ghz Dell with 1 gb RAM and have not had computer lock-ups . Capturing from a digital camcorder is easy . VS 11has a multi-trim feature which makes cutting out unwanted portions of the clip easy . There are plenty of templates for menus that can be customized with personal images and text styles . Be prepared to take some time with your first production . The learning curve is not too bad , but editing can be a time consuming process . The Ulead support forum -LSB- ... -RSB- is very helpful and normally responses to posts are within a day or two . This is a good source of information because the manual does not allows go into detail explaining the impact of selecting the various options available . It is best to shutdown as many background services running on your PC to speed up editing and rendering . Refer to the forum for instructions to set-up a video editing profile
 I 've tried several video editing softwares and VS 11 Plus tops them all.Easy install , and following the steps easy to use.I ' v e already produced my first movie and burned to dvd.I recommend this product ... just make sure your computer has the power and proper specs with a large hard drive -LRB- I 'm going to purchase an external drive , around 500 Gigs or more in the future -RRB- .
 AMAZING PRODUCT , EXCELLENT BUY . NO CRATCHES , REAL HD , AND BEST OF ALL EASY TO USE .
 Overall this is a very easy software to learn . I was able to install it and work with my files after bumping around a bit without using the manual . The only aspect of this software I did not like is compatiblity with it 's Movie Factory counterpart . After editing my video I attempted to import my saved files directly into MF 6.0 + and it could not recognize the file . Other then that VideoStudio 11.0 Plus is a very easy , fairly powerful program . I would recommend it to anyone just starting out or looking to do basic to moderate video editing . For the price you ca n't go wrong .
 After having labored for years with various video editing programs it was a real pleasure to use this program.It lives up to claims of being easy to use . It has a short learning curve and offers multiple features.The videos go together easily and have available background music and a selection of titles that are easy to change.Slide shows are impressive with pan and zoom and background music .
 Ulead VideoStudio 11 PlusExcellent product and its performance . I would recommend it to all my friends .
 Compre este programa para hacer peliculas en DVD de mis videos de vacaciones , pues ya venia probandolo desde la version 8 . Es muy facil e intuitivo de trabajar y los resultados son casi profesionales.Para los interesados , les recomiendo primero bajar la version de prueba desde el sitio de Corel .
 We 're talking about home videos here and VideoStudio delivers . It may disappoint you at first that it does not come with an easy menu creator , but these folks are selling this stuff rather cheaply for the quality they deliver . To compensate , buy `` DVD MovieFactory 6 '' for really cool menus . My family watched the slideshow and the birthday movie of my child from the DVD I created using both packages -- with a fancy menu , of course . My wife 's immediate reaction to want a copy of the DVD was a clear sign of success .
 I have used Ulead products for 3 years now I love it for editing videos . The one I use the most is Ulead . I have Adobie and others . Ulead works the best for me . Ulead VideoStudio 11 Plus was easy to adapt to after using the earlier versions . I love it .
 No complaints at all ! I even have less than the recommended system requirements and it still works great on my computer . No problem loading it , no problem using it . I use it for capturing and editing HD video and it works great ! Sure , I 'm not an expert so I ca n't compare it to the $ 300-500 programs out there . But if you 're like me and just want to turn your home HD video into excellent quality DVD , buy this software . It 's a great bargain and I have no complaints about it .
 I have used earlier versions of this program and I find this to be the best so far . It is much stabler than earlier versions . The only thing that I would like to see is more special effects that can be used as overlays on the videos but otherwise its a great program .
 I demo 'd the Sony Vegas and there is no way I wanted to get on that learning curve , even though I have a sony camera . The Roxio product I used in the past was very easy to understand , but the bad reviews scared me away from an upgrade for HD . I took a chance on this product , because I always thought WordPerfect was more intuitive than Word . So Corel has a good track record.I had no problem creating a good dvd with transitions on my first try without reading the manual . The program gives you three options for creating simple or complex edits . I used the complex edit option . The program was stable and the dvd rendering and burn was quick . The program worked without slowing down or hanging . That said , I suggest you do n't complain like others do , if you have a slow computer . Part of the ease of use probably was linked to my fast quad processor , 3 gigs of ram and fast , latest generation video card .
 Very easy to use for a A/V newbie like me . One of the few video editing solutions available that work with the AVCHD clips .
 I 've owned Video Studio 7 , 9 , and now 11 . I love 11 . Its a easy to use in all facets . I 'm not sure if it has a tutorial like its predecessors because now that I 've progressed from 7 to 9 to 11 , I have n't needed it . I love the layout and how simple it is to put together a movie . More importantly are the enhancements
 Bought Ulead VideoStudio 11 plus and have installed it . So far , it works extremely well and is easy to use after you spend time learning the in 's and out 's . Have had previous experience with Pinnacle older versions , so the basic concepts are easy to pick up . VideosStudio has been steady as a rock and responsive . Am downloading from mini DV camcorder and plan to edit old films previously transfered to DVD and create finished family history digital records . Was allowed to upgrade to version 11.5 plus at no additional cost .
 You can do just about anything you want to do to video with this product . I love it . Great for downloding video from any camcorder to your computer and then doing video editing . Simply Great .
 After several years of struggling with ROXIO and using all of there work-arounds I finally decided to test some other products . I downloaded the test version of Corel and everything seemed to work . Of course this was just the test version.I purchased the full blown version and now I am very pleased . Everything works as expected and the speed is far superior to ROXIO . My only grip is the lack of functionality when it comes to creating a DVD menu . You can not align text . You can not hide some of the objects and customization is very limited . However , this is a minor issue compared to ALL the problems ROXIO had.What I 've come to realize is that it 's a coin flip . It all depends on your computer and how things are set up . There is no single -LRB- affordable -RRB- video editing software that would make everyone happy . You must test these products before purchasing and make sure to read the specs!I found Corel VSP 11 Plus to be rather stable on my system and I 'm very pleased so far . My specs are
 I purchased this product to import and edit videos from my Panasonic SD1 which uses the AVCHD format . If you can get past the bugs and crashes -LRB- has crashed on different machines for me , and different OS 's -RRB- then this is the SW for you . It 's super slow even on my dual core 2.8 ghz 3Gig of ram machine with an 8600 series GeForce . . i wasted $ 129 on this months ago . . now i find myself looking for another sw package to do my editing . . as a side note , if you are looking to create the best looking videos at the best compression rates -LRB- h. 264 format -RRB- you can forget using this package . It wo n't encode in HD size , the options are weak -LRB- no deinterlace -RRB- , and i even found one of the tempates in export doesnt even produce the type of video it says -LRB- WMV 720P actually comes out as a WMV 480i -RRB- . UPDATE ! - I actually have to say , Corel has fixed the issues i have raised in the above review so now i upgrade my my review to 4 stars . .
 I own several videoediting programs , but nothing quite like this great piece of software.If you are creative and like to play with effects and things you can do so much with this program . If you are not , the considerable number of templates will simplify your learning curve . Since I started making home movies and slide shows with Ulead Video Studio 11 Plus , my moviemaking skills have reached a new level . Every movie has become very professional looking . The program is very intuitive and so easy to use . This program gives you a large variety of tools , templates , effects , picture in picture overlays , etc. . Sharing your work with your loved ones will create anticipation for new productions . This program will help you capture , edit and share in just about any format . Although I have not tested yet , it should even allow you to import videos in the new AVCHD format ! That is exactly what I will be using to edit my High Definition Canon HG10 files . I have not seen any cons at all as of yet.Finally , I wanted to give a 6 star rating to this program ; unfortunately , you can only go as high as five . It is amazing how much I can do with this program . I am really pleased.Update # 1 : How sweet it is ! Now that I have High Definition video files captured with my Canon HG10 , I use this program to edit the dreaded AVCHD files with ease . If you experience any trouble at all , more than likely it falls on your computer processing , memory , or both . This program will perform as specified if your computer meets the recommended requirements ; specifically if you want to edit AVCHD files . It seems faultless so far . One last thing , do not forget to apply a couple of patches from Ulead website for free .
 I have found this to be a very easy program to edit and make quality dvds .
 I have been in the Southwestern travel business for over 20 years and I am always looking to make sure I did n't miss anything . That is anything of interest to my travelers . I feel you come out to find a unique experience I want to make sure you get your moneies worth and I want to make sure I , as a guide to this beautiful country do n't get caught short . This photo CD is worth it 's money especially for those who lack photo experience . The photos are of exceptional quality .
 Digital Performer by motu is the best production software in the market today and the 5 . 1 version continues the tradition of excellence . Unlike some music production shoftware , which shall remain Pro Tools , no propietary hardware is needed to get sound into and out of the program . MOTU does not , to my knowledge , have a ` entry level ' DAW . It comes out of the box ready for music recording , non-linear editing , and for video post production . The manual is thorough and easy to follow and exhaustively indexed . I used it for two weeks without the manual and found myself able to use the program for ADR . I highly recommend buying DP 5.1 . And for all of you who use pro tools do n't worry , DP records in SDII .
 I am a graduate student working towards a network security related degree . I 've used VMware Workstation at work in test environments so it was a natural choice . Installing guest OSes within the software is a breeze . I was able to setup a virtual lab environment in under 1 day . Workstation is highly recommended , but do n't overlook Microsofts free Virtual PC version 4 or VMwares free VMPlayer and VMServer products .
 I was very pleased with this . I use Excel at work all of the time & found this to be very close . So for the price , I was thrilled .
 I received my order in a timely manner and it was very easy to install . I am very happy with my order
 This is a review of Office Suite 2006 ... years ago , I purchased this product from a box store -LRB- whose name I will not mention -RRB- for about $ 10 . It is no longer offered in stores . It offers a word processor that works with Windows most Windows 2003 files . It probably does n't work well with Windows Office 2007 or Windows Office 2010 . It is after all a $ 10 product -LRB- or less -RRB- . It is easy to install , and so a very good , basic job for word processing . Which has been our primary use . Without a doubt Word is a much better product . We have also tried the free Open Office -LRB- from Sun , which is now owned by Oracle -RRB- . Open Office is large , and it 's word processor while compatible was n't great or easy to use . The office 2006 suite is very good for very basic word processing needs -LRB- kids doing homework , book reports , writing a business letter or resume -RRB- . Embedding pictures is easy . Cross linking spread sheets , not so easy , I have n't been able to embed dynamic graphs from a spreadsheet to my Office Suite 2006 word processor.If you are looking for an inexpensive , relatively safe , alternative to $ 100 for Microsoft Office , this may do . It probably is n't suitable for college level work if that work involves graphs or embedding more than basic . jpg pictures.We have used the paint program , which is more advanced than the default Microsoft paint that comes with various versions of Windows . It wo n't handle overlays , wo n't auto outline , wo n't allow selection of new backgrounds , basically it is n't Photoshop . If you need to just cut and paste , crop , remove red eye , emboss , change format from one of the many supported types to another , this will work well . Advanced features really are n't included . It 's a basic product , but is more capable than the Open Office draw offer from Oracle.I 'm uncertain about licensing , it seems to install on any PC with the same code . I 've seen you tube videos offering a code , it is possible there is only one code for all I know.This is a small , fast , basic suite , for non-advanced users who have basic needs . So far , it has been great for my family . This is a 32 bit Windows program , but works well on any version of XP , Vista or Windows 7 we have tried it on , 32 or 64 bit .
 I just bought a new computer . It was very fast for about 2 weeks , then it slowed down exponentially over the following month . I knew I had spyware on it , but after my last experience with another anti-spyware product , spysweeper , I was confused on which to purchase . I knew I did n't want to use spysweeper again . After extensively researching all the software options out there , I settled on Stopzilla . It was a lightening fast installation , has lightening fast updates and within a few minutes my computer was back to it 's new out of the box fast speed . I 'm very impressed.Just to let you know , on my last computer I had installed spysweeper . It was the first anti-spyware program I had ever used . And , everyone seemed to rate it really high up so I bought it . Although it cleaned `` most '' of the spyware on my computer , it slowed my system down . I also had 3 issues with the program over the 1st year and had to reinstall it over and over . When the software expired I started getting updates from the company saying that in a scan it found several different spywares on my system and I needed to re-subscribe . So , I bought another years subscription just to be safe . When the system ran the scan , not a single spyware was on my system . What a scam . I think that is what angered me the most . I seriously do not like to be conned . And , over the next 6 months it kept messing up my system . I was never able to uninstall the software . Buyer Beware!My experience with Stopzilla has been great so far .
 I accidentally downloaded a rogue virus that got through my McAfee software . I had two other anti virus and spy-ware programs . I finally found this program and it killed the problem . I am satisfied with the product . It did good !
 On of my workstations was HiJacked by a new trojan . Google search could not find any info on the Trojan , Trend officescan found the virus but could not delete nor fix . Norton , Mcaffee , Adaware , Spybot also could not resolve . I downloaded the trial of Stopzilla and this product cleared up the nasty . A day later Trend Micro had a fix for the issue . Needless to say I am now running Stopzilla along with my corporate antivirus . The Seller was also great product arrive early and in perfect condition .
 Stopzilla rules because it is a Spyware stopper and crushes pop-ups and is very easy to use ! '' You get free technical support and totally removes spyware and Adware and it even erases Computer History and Cookies for Privacy . '' It even updates automatically ! '' It is the best in the market ! `` You must own this product , I recommend it to anybody ! `` Anyway I think it 's terific ! ''
 So far so good . I 'm a little concerned that the ad I read said Stopzilla took care of trojans , but the box the software came in did not .
 Husband got a virus - actually turned out to be a trojan and there was a highjacker in it too ... His Norton would not even FIND it ! I got online with MY computer and found this Stopzilla and since the virus stopped his puter from even bringing up a browser , I downloaded it to MY puter . Then downloaded it to a cd and put it in his cd drive . His puter would not let it even download . . I went into ` help ' on the cd and found a link to the websight . Thru that I managed to download the program directly into his computer - without bringing up a browser - and somehow the virus did n't detect that I was doing it . I bought the product and got the license number with my computer and put it into his copy of the software and it removed all the junk he had accumulated there.All I can say is that it worked very well . Ca n't say we have used it for a long time but for the price it did a good job . We paid $ 9.95 for the software from their website - after the rebate . In other words - we were charged $ 39.95 on our card but after paying for it you get a statement in your e-mail and there is a link to copy a rebate slip . Fill that out and send it with a copy of the e-mail statement and you get your $ 30 back . Now , why they do n't just charge you the $ 9.95 and forget about a rebate - do n't know - except some just wo n't go thru the process of doing it and they win - money-wise . It would have cost a good penny more if I had to take it into a shop to get rid of the bad vibes in his puter . Worth it !
 I find it constraining to use just one English dictionary , especially since leaving several software dictionaries open eases their concurrent use , So I review the three that I typically use , though there are more -- and good ones -- out there . Although I just go to the most user-friendly one -LRB- RHWUD -RRB- for most quick consultations , I sometimes find it necessary to probe two of them , and even all three . When I want to know more about the etymology or the different meanings of a difficult word , each one may add a little something that the others do n't have . Consulting all three often leads to a better grasp of the word . This may sound eccentric or wasteful to some , but it will make sense to lots of people.I use : The Random House Webster 's Unabridged Dictionary , version 3.0 for 32-bit Windows -LRB- RHWUD -RRB- The Merriam-Webster 's 11th Collegiate Dictionary , version 3.0 -LRB- MWCD -RRB- The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , 5th ed . on CD-ROM , version 2.0 -LRB- SOED -RRB- In addition to phonological symbols , all three dictionaries can use the computer 's audio facility to pronounce clearly . All three provide etymologies and a word 's entry date in the English language . All three dictionaries are for MS Windows . I do n't know whether they have Mac or other OS versions . After fully installing them on the computer 's hard disk , they can be used without their CD-ROM . The software version of RHWUD is light and loads faster than the others do . It covers more proper names . Although all three dictionaries are very easy to use , RHWUD is the easiest one . As you type each letter of a word in a small box , a left panel below the box shows words progressively closer to what you are typing . After you finish typing the word , the left panel shows words coming before and after the typed word , so you can quickly spot its variants and all adjacent words , variant or not . Clicking on a word in the left panel produces the details on that word in the right panel.The software version of the Merriam-Webster 's 11th Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- MWCD -RRB- also has two panels , but the left panel does not show any progressive list as you type each letter of a word . You finish typing the word , then you have to press ENTER or click on a Search button in other to see the results . -LRB- In contrast , RHWUD may land on the word even before you finish typing it . -RRB- If you typed the word correctly , then you 'll see a left panel with some close-spelling variants that are RELATED to the word , NOT all the strictly adjacent words like in RHWUD . If you type something that is not in the dictionary , you will get nothing but a small window stating the word does not exist . If the mistake was inadvertent , you 'll be more careful and you 'll get your result . But if you were just guessing the spelling , then your are in the dark . You 'll have to keep guessing with alternative spellings . In such a situation , the RHWUD would have shown you exactly at what letter the mistake began . And the left panel might have provided the clues to the correct spelling because of its `` adjacents '' . This is mostly why the RHWUD is more user-friendly . However , I feel the MW may be a bit more authoritative . Its definitions tend to be successfully concise , which make them seem a tiny bit more accurate . Otherwise , for the majority of words , both are practically equivalent.The MW lets you access a dedicated thesaurus , with synonyms , antonyms , and related words more systematically available than in the dictionary module . Not all words can be found in the thesaurus , of course , but , when they are there , the MWCD is a net plus for choosing more carefully among similar words . -LRB- My preferred software thesaurus , however , is the New Oxford Thesaurus of English in the multi-dictionary `` iFinger '' format . I may review it one day , if I can remember it at the right spare time . -RRB- For special words , both dictionaries compare quasi-synonyms at the bottom of the right panel ; an easy way to get , in one spot , the fine nuances between roughly similar words.BTW , the `` Webster '' name has proliferated in the naming of American dictionaries . The history of the name in the business can be easily found on the Internet . -LRB- Wikipedia ? -RRB- For those who want to probe further into words , there is the expansive and expensive Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- OED -RRB- . A compromise is its shorter version , the Shorter Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- SOED -RRB- . But even the SOED is a step up from the RHWUD and MWC -- for COMMON names only . It does not generally do proper names . For instance , London and Paris are there , but Madrid and Churchill are not -RRB- . In a way , its dating of words is vaguer than the other two
 Sounds were just what I was looking for -- very electronic and a lot of lovely dark sounds to work with
 The is a great product . It works beautifully with my Dell Axim x51v and a third party Bluetooth GPS locator . One of the best things about the TomTom Navigator 5 is that you can get real-time traffic updates through a bluetooth cell phone . It will even route you around traffic problems . To me real-tim traffic updates were on important factor in my decision and this one seems to have the best traffic system on the market . While TomTom Traffic is free -LRB- at least for now -RRB- you will need to pay for a decent cell phone data plan . I use Cingular and pay $ 20 a month for unlimited data.On the downside , I must tell you that it takes lots of patience to install the software . And , it takes near saint-like patience to make it work with a cell phone . -LRB- I would never have been able to do it if it were not for the instructions found on sites like Aximsite.com -RRB- I nearly gave up . But , it was worth the trouble.I am in sales and the TomTom Navigator 5 makes life so much easier . If you are considering a PDA , this makes more sense to me than buying a GPS-only device .
 I purchased Navigator 5 after a miserable experience with DeLorme Street Atlas 2005 . Although Navigator cost me about three times what I paid for Street Atlas , I 'm about 10 times happier . This is an excellent product , and you can really tell that the designers put a lot of thought and effort into it . It 's fast , the 3D view is wonderful , the directions have been accurate , and there are lots of extra features like being able to avoid toll roads , integration with the Palm 's address book , and other nice bonuses like that.Of course , there are a few things I do n't like . The voice prompts can be a little repetitive , for example . It often tells me three times times that I need to turn right ahead , and then it will tell me again to turn right AS I 'M TURNING . Also , the address locator has to know the city . This can cause problems if you 're in an urban location where all the towns run into each other and you know you 're trying to get to an intersection nearby but you just do n't know the town it 's in . Also , installation on the Mac is buggy . I tried many times and read all the tips on the net , but eventually I had to find a Windows machine to install Navigator on my Palm . After that , everything was working fine and I was able to upload maps to the Palm from my Mac.In short , it 's an excellent piece of software , so do n't get turned off by the price . It 's more expensive than Mapopolis or Street Atlas , but you get what you pay for .
 There are a few excellent and detailed reviews already posted here , so I 'll keep it short.My GPS setup includes PalmOne Treo 650 , TomTom Navigator 5 and Holux GPSlim 236 Bluetooth receiver . I live in a big city -LRB- Toronto -RRB- , so I often had to use Google Maps to plan my trips from point A to point B.TomTom calculates most routes in a matter of seconds and gets me where I want fast . If I miss a turn -LRB- and this happened a lot during the first week of use -RRB- , it would either find an alternative route or ask me to make a U-turn when possible.I 've been using it for about a month now and , overall , I 'm very happy . One issue I had with it is that it asked me to make a left turn at a few intersections with `` No Left Turn '' signs . I was actually signalling and getting ready to turn then noticing the sign at the last minute , so keep your head up and do n't put all your faith into the software.And of course , it does n't take the traffic into consideration when figuring out your trip -LRB- unless you signed up for the optional TomTom traffic reports -RRB- , so the TomTom-recommended route is not always the best one.Despite these minor flaws , it is a great product . I am impressed with the detailed maps , application speed and the ability to get wherever I want fast , without getting lost in a big city . Navigator 5 is a good investment . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Works well with the Dell Axim and a Holux GR271 CF GPS receiver . Loaded all the US and Canada maps on a 2gb memory card . Installation went on uneventfully.Noticed some issues with the maps in rural areas , think it is when traveling from map segment to map segment.Otherwise , really pleased with the software .
 I got TomTom Nav6 for my HTC P3300 GPS PPC phone . It already came with TomTom but not the maps so I bought US/Canda maps from Amazon . There are plenty of complaints , that are valid , but for the most part , I love this software . It just does what it says it does but not much more . Granted I would probably look for a dedicated unit if I was a real road warrior who used GPS all the time , but for me it 's just when I 'm out of town and occasional use outside of that . When I need it , it turns on GPS , finds my address -LRB- s -RRB- , and routes pretty quickly and just gets me there . However there are some issues.No , it will not allow you to browse the maps without a GPS fix . But for me , I just use WLS or Google Maps when I just want quick or general directions.No it does n't announce street names , but you have the option to show you the street names on the screen . Also , when it says , `` you have reached your destination '' it does n't tell you if it 's on the right or the left side of the street . That can be annoying but it has n't been a problem for me yet.The issue with not being able to route from one region to the other is a valid problem too -LRB- have to do two routes or more -RRB- , but I just bought the whole US and Canda maps to avoid this . You should do the same . There are regional maps for sections of the US which are good for just traveling extensively in that area -LRB- and they have more POI 's and details -RRB- but I feel it would be a waste of money to buy a map you could n't use for the whole US.And the maps activation thing is annoying as well , but somewhat understandable . You have to keep a lock on software piracy some kind of way but I feel they could do a better job of it . I am somewhat ticked that I ca n't use my software on my multiple devices - especially after I paid for them ! I feel I should be able to use the software on all MY phones since I bought it ! That 's the only real problem that I have with the software . I 'm tempted to use a cracked version so I can use it on my other phone ! I do n't promote piracy but I buy something , it 's MINE ! And I hate protected music files too , that 's why I just buy the CD and rip it so I can use them the way I want . -LRB- Off Topic -RRB- Anyway , there are a lot of good things about this software . The user interface is just simple and easy to use . The voices are accurate , clear and on time -LRB- they do n't announce after you 've pasted the turn , ect -RRB- . The display is simple and clear . The routing and rerouting is fast . On my maps , the POI 's are not abundant but sufficient . Entering addresses is made easy by giving you scrolling choices as you type . I do n't know what more you could want from a GPS software for a mobile device . It 's not perfect but it 's pretty darn good ! I love it !
 I bought this camera about one and a half years ago and still use it with my family and friends ! You can unplug it and take it around to film , or just leave it connected to the computer and you can see what the camera sees on your monitor . It also comes up as a digital video camera on Windows , so it 's not like it only works with its own software . Speaking of the software , I have had so much fun creating movies with this software and I reccomend it for anyone 10-15 years old . The graphic qulaity is n't the best , but I do n't mind that . You can even upload . avi movies into the software , if you want to get it from another source . Then you can export it as . avi to share it or put it on a DVD -LRB- if you have that kind of software -RRB- So in conclusion , I seriously think that this is the best kid 's toy item to offer because it really gives kids a chance to strech their creativity , and have a whole lot of fun doing it .
 I gave this to my children -LRB- then 10 and 12 yrs old -RRB- 2 years ago for the holidays , and they STILL love it and use it on a weekly basis . Compared to toys they opened , got tired of and eventually ignored , this is truly amazing .
 This device is one of the best movie creators I have ever gotten . The sound effects are great and my family loves watching my movies . The only reason why this device might not be recommended is because the device is not meant for young children just wanting to record watever they want . It is meant for people that actually want to make movies . This device also serves as a handy webcam for online chatters ... and because of the built in microphone , you can use the online voice chat instead of talking ... creating the experience of having the person see you and talk to you at the same time . This device was a great investment and I hope you invest in it too !!!
 Wow . I got it 2 years ago for Christmas -LRB- I was 10 -RRB- and I still use it ! Now that I 'm older , I even use it as a webcam ! ^ ^ To put it simply , this toy is not a waste of money and buying it for your kids will be a good investment ! A couple of months ago my mouse died , and 1 year ago I made a movie about it . Now , whenever I am sad , I look at the movie . I even made a movie with it with my friends called , `` Super Logan ! '' Truly amazing . Indeed the quality is n't top-of-the-line , but its not like you are buying a 260 dollar digital camera . Hey , when I bought it , it was a 100 dollars . ^ ^ They lowered the price . Awesome piece of equipment !
 I got this camra for my birthday AND IT 'S THE BEST TOY EVER !!! now I 'm 10 if you like comuters and you 're 8 this is for you if you 're 9 I think you 'll really enjoy This Iv ' e made one great movie with my brother in only 2 days and I 'm makeing one now . okay enough with the good stuff heres some bad stuff when you erase a DRAG AND DROP !!! Item the noise it makes is still there you have to erase it by going to sound effects and eraseing the noise
 I ordered this camcorder for my B-Day and ca n't wait to get it ! After seeing all of the good reviews about it I decided it would make a nice present for me ! I found out it has animation affects and some other things ! -LRB- COOL -RRB- P.S. I always buy all of my stuff from amazon.com **** -LRB- RULES -RRB- ****
 My daughter is in middle school and after 2days working with3D Home Design on a school project she was so pleased by not onlythe results but her ability to help her friends that she is nowseriously thinking of a career in architecture . One of the bestgifts I have ever given my daughter .
 This help to do my own home and i am very congratulated
 This aryticle provides you to increse or decrese thing , like in a window you click in it and it gives you the measures and you see if you want to put it larger or smaller . Now im living in a home that i had done in the 3d home deluxe suite professional 5 . My family things that is a program that you can make a house cooler that it was
 I write this review sitting in the study of a house that I designed entirely myself using the broderbund software . It took me two years , but I was able to make floorplans that a local builder was able to work from and get permits from . My house is exactly as planned and the 3-D model generated by the software is a spitting image of the house . When I show it to people and tell them that it was all done before the house was built they do n't believe me.I get the impression from the reviews that people think being an architect is something one can learn in an afternoon from a book . Not so . If you really want to design something that will be built , the amount of time you will spend mastering this software is nothing compared to the time it will take you to understand how all of the various local and national building code rules are going to force you to do this or that with your plan.I am not an architect , but I was able to use this software to enable me to have a house built exactly to my specifications . If you are n't willing to invest a lot of time in it , you should hire a professional .
 I purchased 3DHome Design Suite 5.0 after trying many different programs on the market including previous versions 3.0 amd 4.0 . This product finally has integrated landscape and home design which previously was two different products shoved in one box . After a couple of hours , I designed my house and had a sloped lot created . This program was much better than previous versions of 3D Home and other brands
 I purcahsed this software to design my addition and decorate and got what I needed . It was straight forward and I also figured out how to bring in some custom furniture that I found . It gave me a good idea of what I was getting in the end . Good value for what I bought it for .
 My fiance and I originally bought 3D Home Architect to help me visualize the redesign of our Master Bedroom , before I knew it we were addicted.We have now done all the modelling for our master bedroom and I am thrilled with the results . We never would have realized that our built-in cabinets would n't fit if we had n't been able to show all the space and now we will even have room to add a master bath.We have since moved on to the backyard - I never thought I would be so excited to plan a garden.If you need an easy to use modelling software and want to get a good floor plan with real dimensions and notes - this is the software .
 I really enjoyed using this software . I just picked trees put them in the drawing space and could even see it in different seasons . I found myself playing with it just so I could read up on all of the different plant materials it contains . Each plant has a helpful description letting you know how it grows best and the expected heights . I was fascinated by all of the information it contained . I was really impressed with how thorough this software was , I have tried others and none have as much real landscaping tools and information as this one .
 I recived the product very fast , and it was just what i wanted and orderedcanman
 Epic Pinball , made by the once great gaming house Epic Megagames is among the greatest pinball games ever made for the PC . It was originally published in 1993 , with several of the twelve tables distributed as part of the shareware marketing plan that Epic used to sell their games . The game was well received and spawned a sequel in the more graphically advanced Extreme Pinball of a couple years later . It is hard to find copies of either game these days.Epic Pinball consists of 12 traditionally styled pinball tables . Unlike some earlier pinball games , Epic Pinball uses screen scrolling to track the ball . The movement is fluid and the animation is very clean . The tables are quite imaginative with various themes from Sci-fi to Fantasy , and they seem to be plausible mechanically in the sense that one could imagine walking into an arcade and finding one of those machines on the floor . Few of them use double level tracking , a feature that was included in the later Extreme Pinball.The menu system follows the pinball table theme to look like the LED displays of the tables of old . And of course , with any pinball machine there is the High Score log , with just enough room for your three initials.Added to the solid table design are the sound effects and music . Sound is very much a part of playing pinball , and Epic did not skimp on the table sounds . From the bumpers to the sounds of the springs and paddles , all are pretty good -LRB- for 16 bit sounds anyway -RRB- and contribute to the immersion of the game . In addition to the sound effects is the game music . Each table has a musical theme and all are well composed , driving pieces that , though repetitive , add a great deal to the game and drive you to play the tables over and over again.A DOS game , Epic Pinball , will not work in Windows XP or later versions , but does work quite well under Dosbox , the popular x86 DOS emulator.If you can find it and you enjoy old games of yore , or just like pinball games , this is definitely one to pick up , if you can find it .
 This is the only computer pinball game I 've played that I feel captures the feel of playing on a real table . I am totally bumming because I ca n't get it to work on my Vista computer , but I 've still got a Windows 98 computer in the house to play it on .
 I purchased this collection for my Dad this past Christmas . I grew up playing these games with him and it was extremely nostalgic returning to them . I was able to get them running on both a FreeDos system using some old parts , and on a thumb drive with a slightly tweaked DosBox config . The best part is that regardless of what the title said , I actually received a CD rather than 3.5 '' floppy disks .
 EPIC PINBALL was made by Epic Megagames -LRB- now called EPIC games -RRB- , in the early 90 's in a time when console featured great games and I as a PC gamers felt jealous . EPIC Megagames offered console-like games on PC . The most memorable ones for me were ` One must fall 2097 ' , ` Jazz Jackrabbit ' , ` Tyrian ' , and -LRB- of course -RRB- ` EPIC PINBALL ' . It was originally released on several floppies -LRB- each as a sets of pinball tables , the floppies were sent via mail - think episodic DLC release of today -RRB- . The CD version was later released , containing all the original table sets plus a table exclusive to the CD -LRB- That 's 12 tables in all ! -RRB- . On a technical note this game was written in assembly language , -LRB- quite a feat ! -RRB- . This game is compact and -LRB- for its time -RRB- did n't require a powerhouse computer to run . Yes this is a DOS game which means it would n't run on a modern computer without a little help -LRB- DOSBOX for PC users and Boxer for Mac users -RRB- , I installed DOSBOX and had no problems.Background
 I purchased this game to act as part of my home-built arcade machine . That being said , this collection is quite a gem ! As the title suggests , this game will not work on windows 2000/ME or above . It WILL work with DOS , and that is why is works with 95/98 -LRB- they were based on DOS -RRB- . The package itself consists of 16 tables that are all fairly realistic -LRB- they seem like they could exist in an arcade somewhere -RRB- . As has been mentioned elsewhere , the last four tables are not as fun as the others , but they do not detract too much form the package . The graphics are nothing special , but try to keep in mind when this game was created . The sounds are pretty good , for being as old as they are . One unique aspect of this game is installation -LRB- from the CD , not floppy disks -RRB- . If you are reasonably computer savvy , then the prompts should be enough to guide you through . If not , you should probably get the help a more experienced computer user . Other than that , happy playing!Note
 This program is SIMPLE to use . The fact that many of the images are online is OK with me -LRB- and should be for most broadband users -RRB- because this way I do not have as many disks to swap or room taken up on my hard drive ! The images are wonderful and they go on forever . How can you not find what you are looking for with this many images ? This really is a great product .
 Had this on my old laptop but could n't find the disc to load onto new laptop . SO happy I found this copy at Amazon . It is amazingly simply to use and to locate images . Usually has just what I need .
 I just received this product and just love it . I have other greeting card software programs -LRB- Hallmark , American Greetings & Picture It -RRB- but find this the best one of all . There is a large amount of pre - designed cards , much more than the others and many different categories . Installing was a breeze . I highly recommend this software to anyone that is looking for a good easy to use program for printing greeting cards .
 This progam is the best it gets . So many amazing features , that you can find whatever you 're looking for . It includes a lot of clip art , pictures , different projects , and even crafts . It is also very easy to use ! It is well worth the money .
 I recently purchased the new Printmaster Platnium 15 , due to a new operating system -LRB- XP -RRB- . I had used Print Artist for the past 5 years . I have only used the PrintMaster a few times in the last two weeks , but I already love it . The graphics are easily accessible , organized so they are quick to find . It is very easy to narrow your search with few key words or categories . The tutorials are very helpful and easy to understand . I 've used the tutorials for photo editing , cropping , layering , etc. . Everything so far seems very self-expanatory . The software was easy to load also . I was dreading having to switch to something new . I am very pleased and not a bit disappointed . I would recommend this product to anyone . My choice to buy this product was partly based on customer reviews I read . Thanks !
 I think this home publishing software is awesome ! I love the folders to make choices on what you create . They are arranged to the left side of your PC and look like windows folders . It 's a nice surprise when you open one , to discover so many images ! You can get very creative just by browsing the art . What I like best is that you can install everything so no more switching disks back and forth . Much easier if it 's all on your PC .
 I have had two previous Printmaster programs but this one , especially being on DVD , is a dream . Acccess to and download of two free card program editions from the Broderbund site has been a most pleasant experience . This version is so much more in content than the other two I have used .
 the dictionary itself is ok , may be not as good as others , such as Pocket Oxford . But the execises , especially the Shooting Gallery , are excellent ; and the Remind Pronunciation is very helpful both for learning pronunciation and incresing vocabulary .
 This program installs as a small window that can stay open as you read French web sites or written material . A search is accomplished as you type , making locating the words nearly instantaneous . The definitions are complete , and there is an icon you can click to hear the word spoken.A well-designed , user friendly program , it is ideal for the beginning French student as well as upper levels .
 I homeschool , so in wanting to get my son an encyclopedia , I bought him Scholastic Children 's Encyclopedia . Boy , what a waste THAT was ! A few minutes ago , he wanted to learn more about Amelia Earhart -LRB- thanks to Night at the Museum 2 -RRB- , but guess what ? She 's not even IN that encyclopedia!But the 2006 Encarta ? AMAZING . My son has not only found every thing he 's ever wanted to learn more about in this PC encyclopedia , but he 's been enriched by its video clips -LRB- such as whales breaching -RRB- , audio clips -LRB- such as poets reading their work -RRB- , clips from presidential speeches and musical pieces -RRB- , charts , maps , intuitive interface , and comprehensive -- yet accessible -- articles.You may want to snatch it up quickly , though ; MS wo n't be making Encarata any more . Although you wo n't be able to get updates , all the relevant historical information will be there -- including movie clips , audio clips , charts , pictures , comprehensive text , and so on . And , really , who accesses an encyclopedia for pop culture references anyway , especially with everything available on the web -LRB- such as wikipedia or relevant topical websites or even official sites -RRB- ? Excellent encyclopedia . I highly recommend it , especially for classrooms , libraries and homeschooling homes . -- Janet Boyer , author of The Back in Time Tarot Book
 This game is really old , I loved it ten years ago . I enthusiastically recommend the game content to virtually anyone , anywhere . However , the other reviewer and this site neglect to mention that this is a very old version of the game that only works properly on Windows 95 and 98 . If you have a computer with Windows Me , NT , XP , or Vista , this version of this game will cause big problems . There 's a newer version of the game being sold elsewhere on Amazon , which I also reviewed .
 I learned about this when I was a teacher 's aide in the Resource Program . I liked it so much I bought it for my kids who were then in elementary school . When I could n't find my copy I purchased this one for me because it really is fun for adults , too . My college-aged kids saw it and got really excited to rediscover it . Yes , this is great for 8-year olds and up !
 Ok , so I grew up a math and science geek . And , I admit , I got my first copy of this game for my daughter while she was in grade school . But when she went to college , that copy of the game went with her and I had to get my own . It does help develop logical thinking skills with a cute set of characters and a variety of puzzles that get more complex the more you play it . No violence , and if you do miss on a puzzle the characters just wait for you at a previous rest stop . I have yet to get all of the Zoombinis to Zoombiniville and I am not bored either . Hip , Hip , Zoombinis !
 product is fun , entertaining and challenging for not only kids but adults . Was very entertaining playing this game with my child and I loved the way that it motivated the child to utilize his skills of logic in completing the journey . However , the journey is short and after completing it a few tmes it does get kind of boring so my child resorted to allowing the zoombinis to get sent back purposely just to laugh at the way in which they were sent back .
 This game is the opposite of a shooter . Instead of shooting fast without thinking , which trains the brain ... not to think , every level is a puzzle requiring experimentation and observation . Also it 's loads of fun , even for non-intellectual kids ... and adults .
 My older children loved this game . I recently re-purchased it for my younger child , wanting her to exercise her logical thinking skills . I had a terrible time getting it to work on my computer with Windows XP . I finally was successful by using the Program Compatibility Wizard found under Accesories on the Start Menu . I went through the wizard step-by-step to install the program , checking the options for Windows '95 compatibility and then checking only the box for 256 color display . Hope this helps others that may be struggling to get it to run on newer operating systems . My daughter loves it and it was worth the effort to get it to work .
 I just wanted to say that the image selection was great and it 's excellent value at the price .
 We had several of these Living Books for my young daughter , now age 10 . However , Ruff 's Bone was the best . Ruff had great adventures looking for his bone , and we had a great time exploring everything on each page.Be warned , though . We had to give away all our Living Books when we got a new computer with XP . They just did n't work on the new OS .
 I absoulty ADORED this game when I was little !! Even though I lost them a few times.In this Living Book Ruff is looking forward to his Sunday bone that his master throws and Ruff brings it back.But his master throws it too far and so Ruff 's adventure begins ! He goes in the ocean , in a cave , and even in outer space and on another planet trying to get his bone ! He meets all kinds of characters and some of them look a little wierd.Lots of gags that are really funny!My favorite one is on page 11 when you click on the Earth it spins and you hear people say hello in English and Spainsh . Then you hear a lady say `` Hey ! Who stopped the planet !? '' It 's so hilarious!So if you want to find out if Ruff gets his bone . Get this Living Book and find out !
 Love this printmaster cd . I have purchased several of the printmaster cds and have loved them all . With each new printmaster , your printmaster program is updated to the newest version . This software makes it easy to print letters , brochures , newsletters , sale signs , graphics for scrapbooking , craft projects , calendar pages and many applications . They are very user friendly and easy to learn , just through playing with the program .
 My husband bought me this CD several years ago for Christmas . There are several recipes on it that I really like . It got mixed in with my kids ' computer games and then disappeared . I hoped that we would find it in our move , but it did n't turn up so I was so happy to find it on Amazon .
 I 'm retired . I 'm going to buy new versions of software ? nah , I 'll use them in the Classic environment . No driver for either printer . OK I 'll use the Classic environment . Netscape 6.2 keeps crashing . -LRB- Try and find your Sent Mail -RRB- Well , I can always use 4.76 . I had to pay Apple ... for the upgrade to 10.1 . Bug fixes should be free.It 's pretty though . And it is n't Microsoft.Downloaded 10.1.1 yesterday . Still ca n't `` Add a Printer '' -LRB- crashes -RRB- , Dock Preferences still does nothing . Wait for 10.2
 I do n't have this yet , But it made a good first impression on me . Maybe one of these days I 'll buy a Mac .
 I used to hate Macs especially because of their OS . It was old , unstable and Mac users had to wait ages for updates which they had to pay to get.Well , MacOS X , is by far the most complete and beautifully engineered OS out there -LRB- at least on a commercial basis -RRB- . It is based on NeXT -LRB- using the Mach ker.nel -RRB- and BSD -- a feature which offers a lot to someone coming from a UNIX platform -- and clearly the best GUI out there.Some may argue that it is not as polished as it could , but , hey , what is ? Windows or Linux ? Besides , Apple is releasing free * until now * revisions for download every couple of months and it has improved a lot since 10.0 . -LRB- the current version at the time of writing is 10.1.2 -RRB- . Release 10.2 is rumoured to have great new features old Mac users requested as well as more language packs and a speedier Quartz . -LRB- the graphics engine -RRB- I recommend this to anyone open-minded enough to leave windows behind him/her .
 I suspect the only thing better than the 10.1 revision to the long , long , long awaited next generation Mac OS , is what we 'll see from Apple in the next 12 months . What they 've done up until now has been remarkably bold
 Two computers are side by side in my desk . XP in Desktop -LRB- 1Ghz with 256MB -RRB- and OS X in PowerBook G4 -LRB- 400Mhz with 256 -RRB- . It is shame for intel architecture and Microsoft programmers that with so fast machine from intel and so promesing OS from Microsoft ca n't even come close to the 400Mhz G4 CPU running OS X . The result is simple . My Desktop intel computer is on sale on eBay while I fly with OS X. Not once -LRB- 3 months -RRB- I needed to restart . I almost feel as if I am running faster then my desktop machine -LRB- 1Ghz -RRB- . This is imagine ... Software ? what kind of software do you need ? I have installed Photoshop 7 , Office X , Dreamweaver MX , Flash MX , MSN Messanger ... all the stuffs I used to have in XP there is same version in Mac OS X. Guys , do some change , see the outside and future , try mac ... I have done it ...
 As tacky as this sounds , I 've always said that Mac is for people who do n't care how their computer works ; Windows is for people who like to think they know how their computer works ; and Linux is for people who actually can make it work . And while I 've always loved the simplicity of running a Mac , I 've opted for Linux the past few years because , well , once you 've run two ssh windows , three ftp windows , Gimp , and about twenty different web pages without a single glich , you just ca n't go back ! The downside being you have to practically live with a sys-admin to keep it upgraded and happy.Well , my sys-admin got tired of sharing and picked me up an iMac with OSX and it is soooo fabulous ! A beautiful gui , easy to use , and the stability of Unix . Best yet , it plays well with my husband 's herd of Linux computers upstairs , even letting me use my favorite programs and futz around with my beloved terminal windows when the whim strikes.Itunes is an absolute dream -- just put in the cd and it does * everything * else . And now that I have an Ipod too , I feel truly spoiled.Lack of software , drivers , and that sort of thing is a definite downside , and flipping back to 9 for my son 's games can be a little slow , but hopefully that will be straightened out soon.Stable , attractive , fun and easy to use , I would recommend this to almost anyone . But maybe that 's just the iPod talking ; - -RRB-
 When OS X initially debuted last year I could see how powerful and beautiful this OS was eventually going to be . However , I was dismayed at its lack of speed and responsiveness . Sure , I loved getting at the `` guts '' of the system with the Terminal Window and the open sourced nature of the UNIX environment , but it did n't outweigh the long waits and stutters as I moved though the GUI.Fortunately , this all changed with the release of 10.1.2 and now the current 10.1.3 upgrade . The OS is now ready for primetime.I have installed it on a PowerBook 500MHz G3 with no problems and use it as my everyday workhorse.The beauty of this OS is this
 I was hesitant to take the plunge from OS 9 to OS X , but a series of crashes in December forced my hand . I 've been running OS X nearly two months now and it has n't crashed yet . Even the programs running on it , whether natively or in the classic environment , are more stable.Yet this is not all . I have been able to free alternatives to most of the software I was running on OS 9 . I found free updates for Appleworks , Scanwise , Netscape , AOL , BBeditLIte , and iCab on the web . And thanks to the Unix core of OS X , I was able to install an X11 GUI and run Opensource programs like Gimp , ImageMagick , & Dillo . There are several Unix experts working on making it easy for Mac users to install and use Opensource software on their computers . Some of these Unix programs -LRB- especially Gimp , the Unix alternative to Photoshop -RRB- are remarkable . And some of this Unix software is being `` frontended '' to run in the OS X Aqua GUI . This means the availability of a lot of free software for the Mac , including fax software -LRB- Cocoa eFax -RRB- , language translation programs -LRB- WordLookup -RRB- , and photo retouching software -LRB- PixelNhance -RRB- . We can only imagine what things will be like a year from now , when many more programs have been written or compiled for OS X.There are , to be sure , a few irritations that go along with upgrading to an operating system that is very much different to what had been run on the Mac before . You ca n't move files around as freely as they use to , and the OS tries to force users to conform to the Unix directory structure at the base of the computer . There 's also no spring-loaded folders and it 's a little slower than OS 9 . The most serious flaw , however , has to do with support of 3rd party hardware . My printer , scanner , and even my floppy disk drive all worked fine , but OS X has not support -LRB- and may never have any support -RRB- for my Que USB CD-RW . I have to boot up in OS 9 if I want to use it . But , given all that I 've gained from switching over to OS X , I can live with this particular shortcoming .
 Mac OS X is a truly amazing piece of software . It 's graphics are exceptional , it is much , much faster that Mac OS 9 , even if it 's running multiple programs . It comes with an arsenal of free software , and , once you get used to it , X is extremely easy to use . And that 's only for starters ; there 's a lot more good things a . The only real downturns are that OS X can be hard to use at first , and you often need to download a `` Carbon , '' or a OS X , version of a piece of software.When I have to switch back to Mac OS 9 for some bizarre reason , I realize what an eyesore it is compared to X. Probably my favorite graphical change is the menu bars at the top of a window . It looks so much better than the menu bars on 9 . There are some very good Desktop pictures to choose from . Mac OS X features a lot of redesigned graphics , like the ? symbol in the upper left hand corner or the hard drive . Because people are often making their desktop a lot bigger , the wonderful people at Apple made icons larger , so you can actually see them . Oh , and someone at Apple really likes blue , not that that 's a bad thing , though.It so nice that you do n't have to wait for windows to open and applications to open . I do n't know how much faster X is , but it 's a lot . The nicest thing is that X has a new multitasking system - even if you have every application open , the computer 's running as fast as ever -LRB- I 've tried it -RRB- . Right now I have AOL , TextEdit , Sherlock , System Preferences , and iTunes playing music , . along with several windows.Mac OS X probably comes with about 50 free shareware programs . The ones that stand out to me are iTunes -LRB- You better know what this is -RRB- , TextEdit -LRB- A much better version of Simpletext - it about matches Appleworks -RRB- , Chess -LRB- A chess program designed to show off the abilities of X
 As a new Mac user , I already feel at home with OS X . The interface is very easy to use and straightforward , yet very powerful.Those of you already familiar with setting up multiple operating systems in a Windows environment know how unpleasant it can be . That 's not the case here , in fact , it could n't get any easier than this . Using the discs that come in this package , you will install both OS 9 and OS X . You can boot to either of them . No more messing around with partitioning , editing a BOOT file , etc etc. . You just install the two OSes and select which one you want to boot from , and you can change that as often as you want to.In OS X , you can run OS 9 applications using classic-mode , which is automatic . If you run a non-OS X native application , classic starts up automatically and runs the app for you . Apple has made this very transparent and easy for people to use ...
 Overall , OSX is really a frankenstein of sorts w/o the ugly appearance . This fusion of BSD Unix , Next , and traditional Mac concepts is a solid base for Apple to build upon . It is , however , a young OS w / all the pitfalls that come with it . Things like drivers , native programs , and the `` perfect '' user interface take time so I am omitting the few minor gripes I 've had in my experience wih OSX . It is disconcerting for long time Mac users in that it is a mildly radical departure from the Mac tradition though classic mode pretty much will do everything you need once you sit through the long boot up . Also , things like a command prompt and file extensions are alien to the Mac camp . To its credit , Apple has done an admirable job in insulating the not interested user from these details.In exchange for radical changes , Apple has created a truly remarkable OS . OSX is a solid network citizen . The ability to use open source components has turned MacOS into a powerful tool versus what it used to be . I 've found OSX to be an asset on my home network . It is much more capable than classic MacOS could have ever dreamed about.The main thing I 've enjoyed about OSX is the beautiful crispness of the Quartz display technology . The first time you see it you will be amazed . WinXP can not hold a candle to it and your Wintel friends will be jealous.There are many things new about OSX . The memory management and program execution technology make total system crashes almost a thing of the past . In seven months , I 've had as many system crashes as I 'd typically get in three days of typical classic MacOS use for me . System stability is a major issue with me and OSX is as good as any NT or Linux machine I 've ever used . This is the biggest improvement over classic.If you are a long time Mac user , please approach OSX with an open mind as it has lots of future potential . You must realize that by using the old `` classic does it this way argument '' to bash OSX you are cheating yourself out of using your Mac on a much higher level . OSX makes MacOS a welcome alternative to the orwellian path the WinXP family seems to be following . Just make sure you have plenty of memory in your machine , a willingness to learn some new things and a dose of patience as developers and hardware manufacturers begin to fully support this gem .
 I just bought a new iBook with OS X 10.1 . At the same time my brother bought a new desktop with Windows XP . First I have to say that I 've always had a Mac so I 'm a little baised . I also have n't spent a lot of time on my brother 's computer . I have spent enough time though to compare the two . The Mac operating system is an elegant work of art compared to the Windows system . Where the XP is busy and confusing the Mac is elegant and understated . I like the way the icons on the dock are magnified when the cursor is rolled over them . I also like the classic feature which allows you to continue using the old noncompatible programs . It seems to be pretty stable but I have had some crashes.OS X retains the ease of use of the previous systems and improves on them . With the growing support for the Apple and more cross platform compatibility I ca n't see any appeal in a computer with menu bars and pull down menus everywhere . I do n't play a lot of computer games and at this time that 's the only thing I see that Windows has over Mac .
 OS 10.1 is a vast improvement over OS 10.0 and the subsequent updates which eventually will have you at 10.1.5 are worth the investment . It does take some adjustments due to the changes in permissions allowed as opposed to those in OS 9 and lower . Once you have made the transiton , I doubt OS 9 will be on your mind except to run those programs not yet carbonized for the new UNIX innerface.Once you 've been hooked , try OS 10.2 , which is known as Jaguar . Too many great advancements to list , but you wo n't be sorry !
 Really a sharp interface and easy to learn . I found most or all of my favorites have made it to MacOS X , and use it full time on both my home -LRB- B&W G3 -RRB- and work -LRB- G4 Tower -RRB- computers.My only caution is to make sure that your hardware is compatible -LRB- it wo n't run well on G3 upgrades , and the older iBooks and iMacs -RRB- . Also , adequate RAM really speeds up the system ... I had a substantial speed boost when I brought the computers up to 512 MB RAM .
 OS X is a very fun system ! Aqua makes for a wonderful desktop and a very modern look . It 's rather handy , also , the way that the user can easily get into Classic mode if necessary . The best OS I 've ever used !
 I 've been with OS X since the public beta and boy has this operating system come a long way ! Based on Mach a flavor of UNIX OS X will rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- crash . The Aqua interface is simply beautiful and pleasing to the eye . As a visually-impaired person I am very impressed with the big icons , clutterless-windows and Quartz magical ability to enlarge things without getting too pixelated . The interface itself is very simple and easy to learn , but behind Aqua there is a lot of powerful stuff going on . Anyone brave enough to dig into Darwin will find a fully-featured UNIX shell good enough to attract the attention and praise of many UNIX/LINUX guru 's . As a developer I could n't be more pleased , the API 's behind OS X and Apple 's suite of free Developer Tools are fantastic , and provide a simple , visual and powerful method of programming . In short this OS combines the beauty and simplicity Apple traditionally puts into its products with enough power to make a UNIX-guy drool . If your looking for an alternative to Windows , this is it !
 I jumped on the OS X bandwagon early with the public beta . I had my reservations then as there were several clunky bits . The 10.0 commercial release , however , addressed most of those . I was quite happy with the system and simply waiting for the industry to catch up with drivers and new software releases.This update is the first that I can recommend without reservation to Mac users everywhere . I think I 'm about the last person to get a printer driver native to OS X -LRB- the HP OfficeJet G85 all-in-one -RRB- so my last quibble with OS X is gone . Native versions of MS Office products , great new products -LRB- like iPhoto -RRB- , and a solid Classic base for anything that 's lagging a bit behind -LRB- like some Adobe products -RRB- mean that there is no longer any reason to wait.The transition to OS X is simpler than it sounds . All the UNIX talk tends to scare folks , but the good old Apple user interface folks make it easy to operate . If you love your Mac , you 'll love OS X.
 With the release of 10.1.3 , Apple has really elevated the Macintosh platform to the next level . Internet , e-mail , digital photography , MP3 music , and even home movies are all easy to view , create , store , and enjoy . With the power of UNIX underlying the user friendly interface , many developers are now using this platform to develop applications using a variety of tools including Cocoa , Applescript , Objective C , and Java.I use applications such as Microsoft Office , Quicken 2002 , Palm HotSync , Photoshop , GoLive , and Watson everyday . No longer is it necessary to revert to `` Classic '' mode.Now you can connect to WiFi -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- networks and Bluetooth enabled devices . Internet setup is simple and multi-homing automatically ensures that you are connected if you switch between dial-up , ethernet , and wireless connections.Security is also top-notch thanks to the UNIX core . OS 10.1.3 has a built in firewall that can be tweaked to your individual preference . If you enjoy serving web pages , this system has a built in implementation of Apache . You can add PHP , MySQL , and other tools to build an advanced web serving platform.If you have a Macintosh and you do not have OS 10.1.3 , you are not taking full advantage of your computer .
 The title is correct -- OS X is simply UNIX . Yet , it 's Apple-flavored UNIX , and that makes all the difference . Unlike Linux or other flavors of UNIX , OS X is easy to use , easy to add hardware that is instantly recognized , and easy to modify . You do n't have to ever enter the shell if you do n't want to , but just because you do n't want to does n't mean that software developers do n't want to , and this is much more powerful than any previous Apple operating software.In fact , if you like old Apple OSs , there 's still OS 9 around , which OS X will run in an emulation mode -LRB- that 's right , you get two OSs in one -RRB- . And , if you really are strange , you can buy Virtual PC and run Windows in emulation mode here , too -- AT THE SAME TIME . Now , that 's a powerful OS.Kudos to Apple for doing a total rewrite of their OS code , rather than simply continuing bloatware that had long become full of spaghetti-code inconsistencies .
 Hands down the best OS right now ! This update is crucial before you upgrade to Jaguar . It 's simple , does n't crash , easy to use even supports right clicking!buy it and never be disappointed !
 Current users of OS X should be aware that this is the version for people who do n't yet have OS X at all . Make sure you go to apple.com for the appropriate redemption forms . Apple is offering an upgrade to OS X. 1 at a substantially reduced price over what 's shown here.Still , it 's ridiculous that Apple is charging current users anything for the upgrade . This upgrade comes mere months after the original release . It should be offered as a free download , as well as being available on CD-ROM . I 'm sure , however , that the upgrade will dramatically improve the OS . There were many peripheral and Classic compatibility issues that needed resolution to bring this great OS even greater utility . But OS X. 1 goes dramatically beyond this , offering faster speeds and , in some cases , stunning convenience right from the desktop . It 's clearly a must-buy . It 's just a shame that you have to actually buy it .
 I 've been a Windows user since version 1.0 in 1980-something . I 'd looked at Macs from time to time and liked some of what I saw , but could n't imagine making the leap . Too much trouble for too little reward.Then I played around with an iMac -LRB- an older one -RRB- that had been upgraded to OS X. 1 , and saw how Apple had not only solved some of the old shortcomings of MacOS -LRB- like the inability to access the menus without reaching for the mouse -RRB- , but most of the still-current shortcomings of Windows -LRB- like instability , ugly graphics , and the inability to use it without having seven or eight other Microsoft products shoved down your throat -RRB- . I 've leapt .
 I 'm a small business owner and have hesitated upgrading to OS X from `` Classic 9 . x '' until I felt that it would help me in my business , rather then create a lot of work in trying to debug things.OS X 10.1 seems to have reached this level . I run it now constantly on my G4 Cube and it is THE most stable OS I have ever used -LRB- either from Apple or other MS or Unix-based systems -RRB- . The system stays up 99.99 + % of the time , running MS Entourage and some other Classic applications in the background , 24 hours per day , 7 days per week.I even run our Windows-only QuickBooks Pro accounting software through Virtual PC 's excellent emulation software , native on X ! This is one giant step forward for computing needs at work or at home . Plugging in a digital camera through USB or Firewire works flawless and automatic . The interface is beautiful and intuitive and you can feel the power of the Unix engine underlying the software without having to know anything about it.I just upgraded all our office iMacs and iBooks with memory -LRB- cheap these days ! -RRB- and will network OS X exclusively in the near future .
 After using the Public beta and Mac OS X 10.0 -LRB- the first public release -RRB- , with this release I made the `` permanent '' switch . It 's not perfect , but it gets 5 stars because Apple has done more than anyone could hope for considering this is only the 2nd retail release of this OS . The wonders of Mac OS X have only just begun...Eye-candy aside , this release is most importantly stable , much more feature complete -LRB- DVD Player and Disc Burner support -RRB- , and it utilizes dual processors beautifully . I have n't locked up the machine once . Sure , you 'll have to boot into Mac OS 9 once in a while and it wo n't be blazing fast on older systems.Office v.X is due shortly , and popular apps from Adobe , Macromedia , and others have already gotten the X treatment or development is underway.Third party hardware is still largely unsupported , but many inkjet printers connected via USB are supported in some capacity right ouf of the box . Drivers are trickling out from Epson , HP , and others . The good news is most OS 9 drivers work just fine in Classic and with Classic apps.Developers and technogeeks will enjoy the Unix underpinnings , bundled copy of Apache , Terminal access , SMB support , and robust networking capabilities ... If you 're still unsure , just do your homework . Mac news sites are chock full o ' Mac OS X reader reports , troubleshooting tips , and capatability reports .
 OS X is has been neat , it 's been out for about 7 months now , but it has been slow and did not really have any software that was compatible with it . Now Apple has released 10.1 and man is it a workover !!! Speed has been greatly increased , even on older macs , like the original G3s -LRB- I have a Blue & White G3/450 -RRB- . There are many new user-friendly enhancements like a more-configurable control-panel area , and new menu-bar controls for airport wireless networking , audio level and more.The Dock is much better now that it can be positioned on the sides as well as the bottom - and the new `` less-animated '' dock effects allow your computer to use less processing cycles -LRB- if you choose -RRB- . My only gripe -LRB- and for me , this is small -RRB- is that the DVD player for OSX will only work with the newest AGP Macs - this leaves my G3 in the dust for a while longer ... but I do n't need to watch movies on my mac nearly as much as i need to have it crash-free and compatible with great software programs ... now if Adobe would just get an OS X version of Photoshop out everything would be great !
 Mac OS 10.1 , the long-awaited gift from Apple , is impressively stable . The stability of this OS gives it an edge over the older build of Mac OS 9 -LRB- and older systems -RRB- . Dynamic memory allocation and preemptive multitasking are positive aspects too.However , I would not suggest OS X on a G3 unless you are ready for slow resizing and tediously long launch times.Indeed , even though it is slower , I feel that I am obliged to use OS X on my 600 MHz iBook - not because Apple is phasing out `` classic '' support . The only thing that truly binds me to OS X is that it is much more stable than OS 9 . However , seeing how good things are coming with the new ideas from Apple as they update the system , I would suggest keeping an eye open . Perhaps OS X will speed up soon .
 I have been running OS X for about 3 months now on my 400 MHz G3 -LRB- blue and white -RRB- server with 256 MB RAM.When I first openened the box I noticed there was almost nothing in the way of instructions on how to install the OS . This had me skeptical at first . But my doubts were quickly washed away when I inserted the CD , told it to install , rebooted my computer , and was ready to go in about 10-20 mins . It worked on the first time with no troubles -LRB- something I cant say about certain PC OS software -RRB- . Once the software was installed I was able to get on the internet in a few short minutes with their Internet setup utility . I also imediately started to change settings and found that not all settings listed in the book are available to my older computer . Nothing too important , just auto start up features and some other minor things that are only available on G4 Macs . I then set up my computer to be a Web Server -LRB- I have a T1 connection -RRB- in about 30 seconds , and an FTP server as well . So I transferred all my webpages off of my University account and had them up and running in about 5 minutes . I can also remotely log into my computer using any SSH software anywhere in the world and have full control over it . It is a full blown UNIX machine . It even comes with developement software , like objective C++ , etc , so you can do your own programs right out of the box.I will say that this software has n't been 100 % trouble free . I did have to restart once , I had my computer on for 2 weeks and for some reason I could n't change any of my internet settings one day , restarted and it was just fine . Not entirely certain why . Also Sherlock acts up on my computer ocasionally , where it will just stop searching or crash . Restarting fixes the problem . And the final thing is , I would n't install it on any slower of a computer than what I am using . G3 400/256 MB of RAM . Games are slow and window resizing and dragging has minor delay . Otherwise it is a wonderful OS . If I had a G4 I would probably rate it 5 stars . Also if you are in education , student/faculty of any level , check out Apples website , they offer HUGE discounts on their software.For the price this is an extremely powerful OS . Also if you dont like UNIX , you do n't even notice its there . If you like UNIX , you can have a terminal open in a jiffy , typing in commands .
 I have been a Mac user since 1985 and love Macs , so there is my caveat :-RRB- . I was not planning to upgrade to OSX till late this year when I planned to get a new Titanium powerbook , but my partner bought me OSX for Christmas knowing that I was interested . I was at first reluctant to install it on my G3 powerbook , but when ahead and did it . I 'm sold.If you are thinking of upgrading to OSX from 9 , here are some of the reasons I think it is worth doing so -LRB- with some caveats -RRB- .1 . I 've been using it on my G3 powerbook now for 4 months and the system has yet to crash , freeze or hiccup . The stability is amazing and has made my computer use so much more pleasant ! Even the fact that I do n't have to restart my computer after a application unexpectedly quits -LRB- rare , but it happens still -RRB- is a major blessing .2 . I find the interface beautiful and though it is different in several major ways from the old OS -LRB- 1-9 -RRB- , it is still very user friendly and relatively intuitive -LRB- always a step ahead -RRB- . I love the Dock .3 . Most of the major applications have now come out with OSX versions , MS Office , Explorer , Netscape , Palm Desktop , Photoshop , Adobe applications , etc. . So there wo n't be much missing . There are still a few applications I am waiting for the upgrades to OSX , but for now I can use the ` classic ' versions -LRB- see caveat below -RRB- . There seem to be dozens of OSX applications both large and small coming out daily ... 4 . Though most users will never need or want to use the Unix core of the system or ever open the terminal application , it has been a godsend for me . About 4 years ago I starting using unix/Linux to do programming , web site management and database interfaces in my new research job . I would switch from my Linux box to my Powerbook all the time -LRB- depending if I was writing a perl script or surfing the net/writing email , etc -RRB- . Now I have the power of Unix with the ease of use of a Mac . It 's heaven for me.Caveats :1 . If you have a G3 -LRB- especially a powerbook -RRB- , the interface will be slow . The graphics capabilities of these machines is not meant to handle the graphics intensive OSX . Mine runs slow -LRB- window resizing , etc -RRB- , but I 've lived with it since so much is good about it and I 'll be upgrading to new hardware later in the year .2 . Realize that there will be upgrade costs . The upgrade from Office 2001 to Office X ... -LRB- I LOVE entourage though :-RRB- , and of course there are a lot of other applications that you 'll need to upgrade to get the full use of OSX .3 . There are still some applications that are not OSX compatible . I find using the classic environment -LRB- to run old programs -RRB- somewhat annoying and time consuming -LRB- to start it up -RRB- , but doable . ... -LRB- you 'll be surprised though how many applications you probably already have bought in the last couple years that can run in both systems : -RRB- I now do n't understand why anyone really would use wintel . If they are a poweruser , MacOSX or Linux/Unix are for them , if they want ease of use , MacOSX . But that is coming from a user of Macs for 17 years :-RRB- .
 I have been using Mac OS X for almost one year . As soon as a started using it I realized that this was truly a step forward . I have daily experience using several operating systems . At work several editions of Windows but not X P and at home I use Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X 10.1 . I have never had a crash with Mac OS X except for once when I disconnected A CDRW while it was writing . But even if I do n't consider the stability of the operating system Mac OS X offers the best graphics and the ease-of-use on any computer system today . But wait , there 's more . One can return to the command line interface and then run programs a la Unix . So far every device that I have attached , plugged in or installed has worked flawlessly . No problems with drivers . I ca n't imagine even comparing it with any Windows product . I am dictating this review directly using IBM ViaVoice for Mac OS 10 . Another product which works very well with Mac .
 I found 10.1 very stable and secure . Installation was a snap . Having worked with both mac and windows computers , I have to say this installation is the most easy of any OS upgrade I 've done . My g3 400mhz iMac runs the OS very smoothly . Native applications load quickly , and classic apps load only marginally slower than they did in 9.1 . Speech recognition software was a nice surprise , and seem sto work about 70 % of the time -LRB- though I have n't finished practicing it -RRB- . The interface is much different from 9 , and the learning curve is slight , but the voyage is fun . A good upgrade .
 WOW ! Applications are interacting much more smoothly , and my computer is definately faster . Even my internet has improved ! I had also , in the past , been unable to upload JPEG 's to the internet with Appleworks , and now it 's no problem at all ! The mail system is generally more sensible -LRB- I have 2 accounts on it , both with different servers -RRB- . MacOSX features a cute toolbar with icons that bounce when something happens -LRB- like getting an alert message , or an instant message on AIM -RRB- ; the icons sort of roll out when you scroll over them -LRB- very silly and cute , but it does n't get in the way -RRB- . With internet , I can `` hide '' a page , and a thumbnail of the website appears on the toolbar ! iTunes is also great . I can finally download MP3 's and share music ! Some things are basically the same , and there 's a lot more `` flash '' than previous verisons , but i would definately recommend MacOSX !!! A + !!!
 When I first started at the Apple Computer call center , my training class was on of the first to be trained on OS X Beta . Having used Macs half of my life , I thought that the new operating system -LSB- stunk -RSB- . However , when the call center made the conversion to X , I instantly fell in love with it . Now that I am a music producer , I have a chance to work from home on my mac . With OS X , doing all my downloading while surfing the web while running photoshop is no longer a burden on my computer . Even getting updates to OS X is a breeze . The only drawback is that there are many programs that I have to use classic for . That is no fault of apple 's . Many developers dragged their feet , and are now trying to catch up . that 's the only reason I 'm giving it four out of five stars .
 OS X. 1.3 , the latest version of Apple 's new operating system , is ready for mainstream use . It is fast , elegant , and easy to use . Best of all , in six months of using it on six different Macs , it only crashed once -- and that was when I intentionally tried to make it crash -LRB- launching twenty applications , pulling USB and firewire cables in and out , and then sending a massive print job to my Epson printer -RRB- . Am I a glutton for punishment , or what ? Turns out that the Epson driver was the problem . Not exactly four-star programming there.Anyway , all the applications you need are good to go and better than anything comparable on Windows
 The new os from apple is by far the best operating system I 've ever worked with , and yes , I 've worked with a lot operating systems
 Run , do n't walk , to get this upgrade . Integration with Classic applications is seemless and new OS X apps are coming out every day .
 MacOS X 10.1 vastly improved the speed of my PowerBook G3 -LRB- 400 -RRB- computer . Log in times , program launch times , window redrawing times , etc. are all improved signifigantly . One of the best improvements is in the Finder which is now much faster -LRB- list view actually works properly now ! -RRB- . Other benefits : - File names now appear in their full length instead of being cut off-Monitors , battery life , clock , sound volume are all settable from the menu bar instead of the dock-Much improved System Settings window with organization and many added options-DVD Playback!Overall , a great upgrade - and for those of you who have n't gotten around to buying MacOS X yet , this new version makes it worth your money .
 I purchased a used Power Mac with software loaded but no disk . I purchased this software to act as a back-up in the event something hapenned . It is what was shipped by my Mac originally . It was as advertised and was what I expected .
 My 7 year old and 4 year old boys love this - they follow the animated story along in the book , and they talk to each other about what is happening . It is such a nice story , and the animation and music are simple and good - not flashy . Another great title from the Learning Company -LRB- we are big fans of Reader Rabbit ! -RRB-
 This is an outstanding software title , and the story is wonderful and engrossing , but unfortunately the Amazon listings do not show the age of the product . I believe this may be the old MacOS `` Classic '' version along with the Windows 95/98 version.In many cases you will be able to get some of the older software like this to work on Windows 7/Vista , as those platforms are more concerned with compatibility . In the case of newer Intel Macs , you will not get this software to run at all unless you run it with emulation software.Suggestions for Mac Users : * Pick up an old iMac , install OS 8.6 or 9 . Set the screen size to 640x480 . It will run happily there as designed . * Install an emulator like Parallels , install Windows XP , and run it there.It is possible to run `` Classic '' emulators on your Intel Mac but in general the experience will be far less polished and you 'll need to spend quite a bit of time to get the emulation running like you want.Disclaimer
 The children 's section of our library has this on the computers for preschoolers and it is the one my 3 and 1/2 year old son consistently chooses and sits through while I get to pick out books quietly ! He does the `` read to me '' option , and I saw the other options for learning about bats , etc. .
 This adaptation of the wonderful story of the little fruit bat Stellalunais absolutely engaging . With terrific graphics and music is is a must-havefor anyone wishing to tell the positive story of cultural diversity.There is a great deal of acceptance ; the birds accept Stellaluna even though she has some peculiar habits -LRB- hanging upside down -RRB- and Stellalunaeven learns to eat worms although she 'd much prefer fruit.A lovely story made even better by the rich visuals and music .
 It is like a story read on the computer . And there are also some facts of bats to , that my girl that are 5 love , even my 2 year old girl loves to hear the story , and at the same time see the pictures . A greate game , and educational too.Sorry for my english , working on that ...
 SQL Server has proven to be very reliable . This is the version I develop with and it has been good . Looking forward to Yukon .
 I still have not used the product to full capacity , however , it is much faster . I would be careful however if you are putting it in a native SQL 7 environment - you can upgrade the database , however any manipulations you do in 2000 will not be reflected when transfering back to SQL 7 . If you upgrade -LRB- as if you have a choice -RRB- , realize there is no capability to use both versions .
 Amazon.com Product Description says : `` SQL Server Developer Edition is a version of SQL Server with some restrictions on functionality , and is designed for development and testing purposes . `` That is partly correct
 This Devloper edition is running great on my Windows XP machine with SP2 . I have no problems at all with it . It is feature rich and is restircted to a testing enviroment as opposed to a produciton enviroment . Well worth the money ! If you need free , Microsoft has other SQL alternatives such as MSDE SQL desktop engine and a downloadble fully functional SQL Express 2005 verison of CTP -LRB- community Technology Preview -RRB- So many reasons to convert from Sybase there is not room here to list them .
 Choosing a database server is largely a matter of personal preferences . I 've been using SQL Server 2000 & 7 for more than 5 years for large scale applications , and I 'm quite happy with this product 's features , performance and value for money . Compared to other database engines , it 's main limitation is SQL Server 's weird implementation of triggers . One more thing
 I have been fighting with `` FREE '' tools , and this is the best $ 44 dollar investment I could have made . It makes working with the -LRB- MSDE -RRB- Microsoft Desktop SQL Engine very quick .
 I bought this software for $ 33 a year ago and it did n't disappoint . I 'm learning SQL for the first time and wanted a platform to try out SQL programming . It 's terrific using the Query Analyzer to enter my code and execute the instructions . It works brilliantly for importing my Access tables and using them as sample data in the Query Analyzer . I was using the SQL design for queries in Access but I wanted something more industry used.I know there 's alot more I can do with the software but using this with my SQL book has worked very well .
 Great some years ago . I guess it is still good but there are much newer version out there . I bought this when it was top of the line . What the years do to software , or just everything on a whole.I still used it though , because I own it . Function for my purpose - home use .
 All software programmers are aware of SQL . . this is the real deal . A must have for databases . . and servers .
 I agree with others on this `` There is NO restriction on functionality . Only restriction is on LICENSE . '' Great product .
 Price was excellent and product was in stock . Used expedited shipping and received my boxed product very quickly . All instruction manuals , codes , etc. in tact .
 I found this program very intuitive , which is unusual considering complexity of it 's functionality . I have written two business plans through the SBA training programs at our local university , and Business Plan Pro Premier Pro 2007 has it all and then some ! You can sign up for free online Webcast classes that are very complete and indepth . You are in a virtual classroom online and via phone , so you can hear others ' and ask your own questions in real time ! I even got the slide presentation material e-mailed to me for future reference . This is the most complete business planning tool I have ever tried ... and I 've tried a couple .
 Easy to use . Got me going with my business plan in no time at all !
 My 7-year old autistic daughter loves this game.We stumbled onto it originally in a `` preview '' , included in some Arthur CD-ROM 's , and I went and bought a used copy of the real thing.She will play for hours , clicking on things and making them interact all over the place . She laughs hysterically sometimes , making the hare stumble through mud etc. .
 I loved this so much when I was little ! I would play it all the time.In this story The Tortiose is slow in speed but not in kindess . He takes things one at a time and does n't waste it either.The Hare on the other hand is busy and always on the move and is kind of a braggart -LRB- And I say it in a loving way -RRB- but loveable anyway.One day the Tortoise is listening to the birds sing and the Hare thinks that the Tortoise leds a boring life . And then that afternoon they meet again.And the Hare starts teasing him again . And by now the Tortiose is getting tired of being made fun of and tells the Hare that he can move pretty fast sometimes and so the Hare challenges him to a race.And when the race comes Who do you think wins the race ? Buy this Living Book to find out!Oh and there are lots of funny gags like on page 5 if you click on one of the buildings a mouse appears and calls to his friend who 's a hippo and asks him does he want to play catch . And the hippo says `` Sure . Catch me '' and the hippo lands on the mouse and the mouse picks him up and carries him away -LRB- That 's a strong mouse -RRB- . That was such a HOOT ! Kids laugh out loud at these gags I 'm sure of it!I NEVER get tired of these gags their SO funny ! Also do n't forget to find the dragonfly that 's hidden on every page !
 When my daughter was 2 years old , she loved the listening option where the book is read to her on the computer , and she did n't have to do anything to `` turn '' the pages . Now that she 's 3 years old , she loves the interactive option where she can click on the pages and see the animations move and make sounds .
 I have been using graphic programs for many years and have enjoyed many different type of graphic programs -LRB- I have 40 graphic and click art programs -RRB- . However , this particular program has many more features than most , one is that you are able to change the card size into what is needed , and there are fonts that I have come across that I have not seen any where else . In addition the graphics are beautiful . For people as experienced as I am in graphic programs I recommend it , however , for people just starting out , unless they are proficient in computers I do not recommend it .
 I 've had four different software packages to make greeting cards , and this is the best I 've encountered . It offers a wide selection of graphics and sentiments , and it is easy to navigate . I should qualify that remark by saying that I have a fair amount of experience working with graphics , but if you can read directions , you should n't have any problems . I find the Greeting Card Factory to be comparable to Microsoft Publisher as far as ease of use . You can easily switch to other windows and paste in objects from your clipboard . I mention that because I have had other programs that did n't allow that . Another consideration is that there are two options for installation . One loads all of the graphics , and the other offers minimal installation , which takes up less memory on your hard drive . Then you pull the graphics from the CD-Roms . I ca n't comment on how that works because I opted for the full installation . All in all , this is a great package that offers a wide selection for creativity and your own personal touch .
 I have several greeting card programs . I will have to say that the Greeting Card Factory is the best by far of any that I have . Would recommend it to everyone .
 i had another one i did not like was too confusing to use this one art explosion deluxe it so easy . I only use this one from now on for everything . Try it !
 I just bought three greeting card programs . Creatacard , printmaster , and art explosion . The art explosion was the best . Very easy to use . I didnt have to read the instructions . Wonderful variety , great graphics and text . They had craft ideas that the other programs didnt . Much more cards to choose from and easier to use formats . I would recommend this program for all the people that want greeting card programs .
 I 've had a blast with this game . The animation is hilarious , Odie really takes some hilarious abuse , and the `` disco John '' game cracks me up everytime . All the fun and wit Garfield fans are accustomed to .
 This program is awesome . I presently own American Creetings Creator Card 5 , Print Shop Deluxe 10 , Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2 and I really do not think any of them can touch this program . Actually I just asked a friend to pick up a copy of the Deluxe version for me .
 This is great software at a great price . I 've used American Greetings CreataCard and Hallmark Card Studio , but this one has them beat . The versatility , selection and total creative control this program gives you puts it in a class by itself . Many will find it hard to use because it does offer such variety and control of all aspects of card creation . With limited choices and `` canned '' card designs , CreataCard and Card Studio are easier to use . But if you really want to be able to create all sorts of cards , labels , stationary , etc from scratch or be able to modify to the last detail the designs that are available , this program is for you . It truly is an explosion and endless arangement of graphics and fonts , as well as your own digital photos.UPDATE FEB 2010
 I loved this program enough to purchase their Christian Greeting Card Factory and just ordered Greeting Card Factory 2 . The only problem I had with this particular program -LRB- and I own many others
 This is the best ever greeting card program ! I have used Hallmark and American Greetings greeting card programs and there is no comparison .
 This is an easy-to-use greeting card software program . You can customize the set of pre-made cards simply by right-clicking on the card
 Easy to use and features a nice selection of cards and other publishing projects . Used the program to make birthday cards , invitations . Good variety of graphics and fonts included .
 evry person wants to build his house most econmicaly . but evry person is not civil engeer or architect , so you have to depend on completly on constuction company and when they new you are very new in this field they will try to overestimate your house and you are loosing lot of money due to lack of knowlege in that fieldto get more knowledge about the real cost of your new hose this cd work like a experenced or profetional engineer , and contactor can not cheat you so before you come under pressure of heavy modgage loan this cd work like father guidence for his kids
 My daughter has adored this one since she got it for her third birthday , and she has a ton of software . She asks daily to play the `` froggie '' game . Unlike some of her other games , she can do this one all by herself . She can even easily change the level , which alters the game play - she goes through all the different levels just for fun , and seems to be getting a lot out of it . Her favorite is the dress-up game , where she can dress up Skeeter and Skooter for the changing seasons . There are certainly better games out there , but this is the one she wants to play - and it really is a cute one !
 My 18 month old likes to sit on my lap and watch as each activity cycles through . Sometimes Kermit adds narration , but I usually provide information , such as when it goes through colors , I name different objects that color or say where the animals live . I just started putting it on level 2 , so he can practice clicking the mouse and he loves it even more . The game really keeps my son 's attention and he usually gets bored quickly with everything but his books.The major downside is Kermit 's narration and the songs . You have to click a bunch of times to get Kermit to talk about the objects and not even always then . Also , the jukebox section , when Kermit sings , he is seriously off-beat . The music and his voice do n't match up . I do n't think the programmers had both running at the same time when they made this game and it sounds like it . Also , the music for the songs is too club sounding . The games are good , just not the jukebox .
 A fine little game for fans of the movie . Game play consists of various arcade-style games using the characters in both super-hero and secret-identity personas . -LRB- For example , Dash puts tacks on the teacher 's chair as an ordinary boy , then evades velocipods as a superhero-boy . -RRB- High scores in these games get you clips from the movie , screensavers , wallpaper , icons , and so on.It 's a cute game with some moments of fun , but it 's far too short and with far too little reward for anyone over the age of , say , 12 or so . If you liked the movie , get it , by all means . Just do n't expect the kids to still be playing it a week after Christmas .
 I 've played this game with my 3 year-old niece on PS2 AND on the PC . We lost it a year ago and we were literary turnin ' the house up-side-down to find it . I do n't care what others say ; I LOVE IT ! and I know other people who do too !
 it was for my 7 -LRB- opps 7 1/2 yr old grandson . he loves this game . we both wish it had more to it but it fills the need for mindless fun
 Action-packed and fun to play , this is a great way to spend time after playing The Incredibles movie game . There is even some educational aspects to this activity game . Highly recommmended .
 It does what it says and is quite handy.But it does not work with Windows Pocket PC 2003 so everyone with that system must wait for an upgrade . If you have Windows 2002 or earlier , you will be happy with the purchase .
 Last year I chose my PDA platform based on whether it supported text to speech -LRB- I love Palm , but it did n't , Pocket PC did -RRB- . My Asus MyPal A730 -LRB- with Windows Mobile 2003 , 2nd edition -RRB- reads to me for my entire two hour commute each day using iSpeak for Pocket PC . I leave my PDA in portrait mode and have not had any issues . iSpeak is installed on my 1GB SD card so I do n't use up the main system memory . It 's very easy to use . I do n't know of a better text to speech engine out there for a PDA and would recommend this to others who have a lot to read and time to listen . As I drive an older car that is a little loud , I use an FM transmitter so I can listen to iSpeak through my car speakers .
 Intego Personal Backup X4 version 10.4.5 is complete backup program for the Macintosh computers running Mac OS X. I started out evaluating version 10.4.4 and ended with version 10.4.5 . This backup program is a Universal Application which will run on Apple 's new Intel based Macintoshes and the older PowerPC based Macintoshes . The new version supports OS 10.4 , but the program is compatible with Mac OS 10.2.8 or higher . I tested the program using Mac Mini PowerPC processor.This software has an extremely clean graphical interface . A user with little computer experience should have little trouble understanding how to operate the software . The program uses numerous icons so the users just have to click their way through the menus . I have used Dantz Retrospect which is another backup program and is not an easy program to learn . The interface is not very friendly compared to Personal Backup X4 . Retrospect is hard to figure out without reading the manual . I am a intermediate level user of the Mac , and I feel I could figure out most of the Personal Backup without reading the manual.Personal Backup comes with a 127 page manual . The manual is full of screen shots making it easy to understand the software 's features . The first half of the manual covers the software operations Backup , Synchronize , Clone , Archive , Move , and Restore ; and the other half of the user manual covers the use of backup scripts . I found some of the screen shots in the manual do not match the software screens . For example , on the Personal Backup main screen , the Backup icon is first on the left and in the manual Archive icon is first on the left side . This error did not cause me problems in not being able not to understand the features of the software but might confuse new computer users.Personal backup has 7 main features that I will give a little detail on . This appears on the menu bar of the main program.Backup
 This product is the best thing since apple pie . It works and backs up everything reliably and I rest better at night . So far so good . I hope that this product continues to do what it seems to do best and if that is so , I am and will continue to be a major booster .
 Just got my hands on the beta of the new version & I 'm exceedingly excited by v2 of VS.NET Really cool tools for mobility stuff & J # is pretty sweet .
 My sister bought this program for inventory at the childcare center she worked at . I borrowed it and was able to print out so many different things for my class ... and I borrow it all the time for fax forms , reciepts , etc. . I just bought my own copy ! I LOVE IT !!!
 It looks great . It 's incredibly easy to use . Includes some of the greatest comics of all time . More essential than Essentials .
 Any fan of the Fantastic Four who grew up with `` The World 's Greatest Comic Magazine '' is going to love this DVD-Rom collection of the title 's first 44 years . For some of us , just having access to the Stan Lee - Jack Kirby creation during the Silver Age of comics , when Kirby and Lee were at their creative peak , is well worth the price of the disc . Who would n't want the original stories of Dr. Doom , the Inhumans , or Galactus and the Silver Surfer ? Like many fans , my interest in the Four disappeared after Kirby stopped drawing the series . The revelation for readers like me is how well the quality of the magazine held up , decade after decade . Marvel made sure that some of their best artists were almost always in charge of this title , so there is little dropoff in quality from the Silver Age years . One may need the patience of The Watcher to read every single issue contained on this disc . Just to have access to the artwork , letters to the editors , original advertising , and the joyous energy contained in these magazines , is a dream come true to a Marvel fan . By making this DVD-Rom series affordable -LRB- along with Avengers , X-Men , and others -RRB- , Marvel is going to make a lot of fans happy .
 Probably my favorite comics of all.You just got ta love the characters and all of the action.Enjoy
 My boys gave me this set for christmas and i love it . Igrew up with these comics and this is a great way to reread and share them with my boys . Bring us more of the , PLEASE !!!!!
 I enjoyed reading the comics and I loved the convenience of having them all in one place . With this many comics , I never would have had the space to store them.However , I deducted one star , but not for content . There are much nicer comic readers out there than Adobe that they can use .
 A MUST HAVE FOR FANTASTIC FOUR AND MARVEL FANS , GREAT ART WORK OF JACK KIRBY , WHAT 'S THE MATTER WITH U , GO NOW AND GET A COPY !!!! AND AT THE SAME TIME GET THE XMEN , SPIDERMAN DVD ROM VIDEOS COMICS TOO !!! ANDALE , ARRIBA , AHORITA , NO ESPERES ESTUPIDO ...
 This 'll get me into trouble , but I 've already read this DVD up to issue # 300 , and the Stan Lee stuff is surprisingly sloppy . I understand that he helped revolutionize comics in the 1960 's and worked on multiple titles each month ; however , the characters and their actions are inconsistent - beyond normal nit-picking . How far is Mr. Fantatastic supposed to stretch ? Why does water put out the Torch only part of the time ? So on ... However , it 's hilarious to read Lee 's reaction in the letters page because he enjoyed responding to the criticism.I have the luxary of not responding to FF with nostalgia . I have no more love for Stan Lee than any other writer . I can appreciate those with historical importance , but I can also isolate the writers that did a better and more consitant job ; in my opinion , that was John Byrne -LRB- roughly # 230-300 -RRB- . Moreover , he penciled it himself , which is amazing in itself.All said and done , I do n't care if its Lee , Byrne , or any of the weaker issues from the 70 's or 90 's , this release is excellent . With that said , I have more complaints to add . Where are -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Thing 's issue from the 1980 's ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- The Original Human Torch from the 1950 's ; and -LRB- 3 -RRB- The Human Torch stories from Strange Tales in the 1960 's ? I know there is plenty of space left on this DVD.Lastly , great idea on behalf of Marvel . Let 's see the complete Journey into Mystery and Strange Tales -LRB- and other complitation comics -RRB- released . Moreover , release compilations from each decade of comics that never went far , i.e Power Pack , Dinosaur Devil , Man Thing , whatever . That 'd be awesome , cuz I 'm poor .
 Now you can keep the originals in the bag in the vault !
 An Excellent item saved me lots of time and money .
 44 YEARS OF FANTASTIC FOUR compresses decades of comic books -LRB- 20,000 pages according to the box , and I 'm not counting them to argue -RRB- onto one DVD-Rom . In some ways , the collection is better than those bulky , expensive Marvel Masterworks editions because you get the original coloring , the occasional nicked cover or yellowed page , all the original ads , Bullpen Bulletins , and letters pages.In short , even though readers view this collection on a computer screen , it 's closer in many respects to the actual act of perusing a vintage issue of `` The World 's Greatest Comic Magazine ! '' And the scans -- saved in two-page increments to better capture the occasional double-page layout -- look great!And for the price of ONE Masterworks volume , you get an entire 44-year run!They 're all here
 This DVD collects all FF issues including annuals . The company has scanned in all the pages -LRB- including ads , Bullpen page , letter pages , and back cover -RRB- from actual issues . A few of the pages are scanned in slightly crooked , but this could also be the printing on the originals.I thought it might be difficult reading the comics on a computer screen , but after a few pages I liked turning a page with the push of a button . If you have a bright monitor or laptop , the colors should look nice.Make sure that you upgrade to Acrobat Reader 6 -LRB- included on the disk -RRB- so that the Marvel watermarks do n't show on your screen . If you try to print a page the watermarks will -LRB- I believe -RRB- appear.Overall , a wonderful addition for those who have the original issues -LRB- as I do -RRB- but ca n't read them because of their value , for those who do n't want to buy a bunch of the Masterworks titles , for those who want to see the comics with the original colors and printing quality , and for those who want to read all the issues in color . The cost of the total collection may seem high , but think about buying over 550 comics . That 's less than a dime an issue -- more than I paid years ago!As Marvel does more of these , they may `` crash '' the back issue market . People who have the comics may decide to buy these DVDs and sell their back issues.Highly recommended .
 This is truly the killer application for comic book collectors . You get the comic 's whole run from its auspicious origins in 1961 to its current incarnation at the end of 2004 , in a tiny DVD that you can carry anywhere . The thrill of reading classical issues in all their colored glory is not to be missed , particularly for those not reprinted so far . I especially enjoyed the Impossible Man and Molecule Man origin stories . Seeing how particular adventures ended is also great fun , since I owned some comics from the generally undistinguished 1980s , but did n't know how things turned out . Being able to read the entire John Byrne run of the mid-eighties was spectacular . It 's even better than his work at the X-Men , and almost as cool as the Lee-Kirby years . This is so much better than the Essentials , since it 's in color and so much cheaper , plus it includes the original ads and letter pages . It also beats the Masterworks series not only on account of price , but also because it has the original colors . It 's as good as owning the complete collection , but it will take up less space and hence will generate less nagging from mothers or wives . This is a must have item , with perhaps the best price/quality ratio I have ever seen . Can it be improved ? Sure . Why not take advantage of the possibilities of computers and create an index of all characters that would allow the reader to see all appearances of a character over the years ? Why not create an index of writers and artists , so that one may quickly get a view of their work ? Cross-referencing is the next step the good people at Marvel must be working on . But there 's no reason to wait for that . Even as it is , this DVD is not just good enough . It is great , like the Fantastic Four themselves .
 I think this is the greatest thing to happen to comic fans in a long time . What you get here are issues 1-519 of comicdom 's first family , the Fantastic Four . It 's all here folks , and for the price , it 's a flat out steal . The Lee-Kirby run -LRB- 1-102 -RRB- alone makes it worth the price of admission , but throw in 519 issues , plus annuals and you 've got yourself a deal.The only thing about this set I do n't enjoy is that I have to be on my computer to read it , but that 's a small price to pay for this greatness . The product itself is very good , with high-quality scans of the comics in full color . It 's a single disc with nothing to install -LRB- provided you have the latest version of Adobe -RRB- . When you look at the prices of the Marvel Masterworks , or even the black and white Essentials which only collect a few issues of the title , compared to what you get for the price with this , it should be an easy choice . Overall this is great for first time readers or collectors who wish to supplement their collections . I highly recommend this product
 OK , so I got some old comics but I never found number 79 . I always wondered what happened in that one.I read 78 and 80 many years ago , but there was always holes in the story.Now I can find out exactly what happened without paying a small forture for a collectors item.I will never be able to afford all the different comics and bound reprint collections to own all of the `` FF . `` Now for a relatively small amount of money , compared to the cost of every comic at it 's original cover price , I own every individual comic and then some . Wow , unique.This is kind of different . It works as promised , so I can read any story I want.A story I own that is packed away in one of several boxes from my youth , or a new one that came out when comics were the last thing on my mind.I wo n't buy many of these collections . But having one presents the possibilityto go through one title and see its history . Few people had this option until this product came out.Give it try . See what you think . It will take a lot longer to go through than a TV series that costs the same .
 In this one you get to see each issue with all the ads and editorial comments and letters pages . I have gotten all the way up to 1972 and try to read at least 6 issues a night . At this rate I 'll be done be done in a few months . It 's great to see all the annuals in this one . I hope that marvel makes a portable comic viewer for this someday . This is a landmark in comic book products and I 'd I 'd like to see all the other characters on this format !
 In this age of electronics , this is a nice alternative to have readable copies of these stories . I got into the FF back in the 70 's and stuck with the title for a run between issues 200 and 300 . Still , the earlier tales are classics . Being able to see these books again , in their entirity -LRB- ads , letter columns and all -RRB- is great . Even the b/w versions in the Essentials volumes do n't match up to this - plus you get a full run for the cost of three Essentials that only take you up to the mid 60 's number-wise . Unlike the Spider-Man set from a few years ago , this one is on a single DVD-ROM -LRB- one disk vs. 11 CDs for Spidey -RRB- and it takes up little space on the shelf . That 's a plus !
 This set -LRB- and the already-released X-Men and Avengers sets -RRB- are hopefully the start of something big in comic collecting . I 'd love to see this done by DC and other publishers , and definitely want more of these from Marvel -LRB- upcoming sets include Amazing Spider-Man , Mad Magazine , and Ultimate X-Men , and sets for the Hulk , Daredevil , and Captain America were hinted at as well -RRB- . This is a great way to get an entire run on a comic book title -LRB- including ads , letter pages , etc. -RRB- without tracking down and paying a fortune for the original back issues.I did drop a star since it does n't include books that crossed over into the title -LRB- not a problem with me , but I 'm sure other people might have issues with it -RRB- . But otherwise , this set is fantastic -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- .
 It 's so great to have these all in one place . The quality of the scans is amazing , you can fill your screen with a panel & not lose any quality of resolution . My only complaint is with the way the 2 page layout works with Adobe Acrobat format . It 's not really made for reading facing pages . If Marvel had them as single pages , it 'd be a lot less klunky . All in all , a great product . My son and I are having a great time reading them together , from start to finish -LRB- the Spiderman set , too -RRB- . I recommend it highly .
 This product covers the first 44 years of the Fantastic Four . You see the orgins of the team by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby through all of the subsequent writers and artists that followed . What makes the FF great is not just their super powered adventures but the fact that they are family . Like all families they fight amoung each other but always come together to save the world from a gallery of villians including Doctor Doom .
 I was unable to find a way to get the Adobe Reader app to remove the watermark when viewing these comics on the iPad . However , the GoodReader app -LRB- $ 5 as of this writing -RRB- DOES allow you to read these without the watermark . As others have noted , the quality of the scans is n't the best -LRB- on this earlier release -RRB- , but they are certainly fine for casual reading . For less than $ 20 -LRB- on sale -RRB- , this is a good value for those wanting to revisit classic FF .
 About 5 years back , my wife -LRB- who was then , my fiance -RRB- purchased the Amazing Spider-Man
 I do n't own this version . I haveFantastic Four and Silver Surfer - Complete Comic Editionwhich came out later and now commands a hefty price . I have a few others as well likeAvengers - The Old Order Changeth!andMarvel Comics - The Incredible Hulk - King of the World on DVD-ROM 100 Digital Comic Books between April 1999 to December 2006 -LRB- Mac & Windows -RRB- . I ca n't recommend them highly enough . Marvel only licensed these DVDs for a short time . Then they realized they could make way more through their digital comic service and just RENT you the comics for a yearly subscription . With these DVD Roms you get all the issues in PDF format with no copy protection . You can put them on any device that you want . Now with tablets it 's way easier to read them and that 's the main reason I 'm adding this review so late after the fact . I have aLe Pan II 9.7-Inch Tablet -LRB- Black -RRB- and it 's absolutely perfect for reading scanned comic books . Most comic reader apps ca n't read PDF files though so I usePerfect Viewerwith the optional PDF plugin that you can download . I do n't know if you can view these files on an iPad but I assume there is some kind of equivalent . Anyway , if you read scanned comics on a tablet , I highly suggest you pick these DVDs up while you can still find them .
 This is the best money I have ever spent on a none essential . I have collected comics from the age of three and to be able to own and view 44 years of one comic is awesome . It is a pity they have stopped doing this type of DVD since I find online comics far less easy to view .
 The product44 Years of the Fantastic Fourwas delivered fast and was in new condition as specified . The scans of the pages was well done , in my personal opinion , but the disc was in a paper sleeve as opposed to a plastic dvd case . Nevertheless , overall I am quite pleased with my purchase experience with Amazon.com and the GIT corp. work on scanning the comics . Too bad Marvel pulled the plug on their deal with GIT.Oh well , such is life !
 All the comics you had as a kid ... all the ones you missed ... all yours for the taking on 1 DVD ! Its just an amazing deal . the scans are from real used comic books that are in great condition . The fact that they are not digitally touched up , gives it a quality like you are reading the same issues you had as a kid ... a little warn and wonderful!I guess I am going through a nostalgia period in my live and this really fills the void.I could not even imagine how much this would cost if you bought the originals ... and who needs them ? -LRB- Too much clutter around the house now ! -RRB- a single DVD with everything!OK , I went a little crazy ... I bught this one first ... then I bought all the DVD comic book offerings ... from Spiderman to Mad Magazine!I have it all now ... and a lot of reading to catch up on!I stopped reading comics in 1978-79 . . I sold all my comics to a greedy little comic book shop owner for next to nothing , and bought a weight set!I have missed all of the 1980 's ,90 's and 2000 ` sGreat bye ... just get it . . you will not be sorry
 This is where Marvel comics as we know it today really began . My main interest begins with Fantastic Four # 1 in ' 61 , and then FF # 232 in '81 by John Byrne , but there are many other issues & runs I like in this collection.Highlights here for me ... Issues 1 to 102 , 108 - Jack Kirby , starting in ' 61 . Issues 232 to 293 - John Byrne , starting in ' 81 . Issues 296 to 309 - John & Sal Buscema , starting in ' 86 . Issues 334 to 354 - Walt Simonson , starting in ' 89 . It 's amazing to me we get 44 years of comics on a single disc ! It 's interesting to see issues with Jim Lee & Heroes Reborn , as well as runs with creators like George Perez , Alan Davis , Carlos Pacheco , Salvador Larroca , Mike Wieringo , and Paul Ryan . If you 're thinking about buying FF trade paperbacks and Masterworks collections , this is a great way to preview these issues * before * you buy . And as others have pointed out , while thenewer editionof this software contains more content at the same list price , Amazon currently offers this 1st edition DVD at a discount , so it 's still worth getting in my opinion . It 's a fantastically * great * way to save time , space & money!P.S . I had technical difficulties with the Avengers version of this software by GITCorp . I include the problem here just in case it helps someone . Some people will only be able to see the 1960s folder . My computer is running both Windows 2000 & XP . In Windows 2000 , I could n't for the life of me get my computer to see more than that 1st folder . It 's as if that 's * all * that 's on the disc . Gitcorp thinks CD packet writing software on a person 's computer will interfere with the way the disc is viewed , so they recommend uninstalling packet writing software like Roxio to see if that 'll help . It did n't . I tried rebooting in Safe Mode , uninstalling programs , reinstalling programs
 The DVD delivers a lot of Fantastic Four fun . Even includes the comic book ads . If you are a FF comics fan you are sure to like this ... The only thing to be aware of is that , in the case of Windows-XP , you ca n't simply put the DVD in and watch for the opening screen to emerge . You have to boot up with the DVD already in the drive . When the boot-up is finished then you can useWindows Explorer to view the images -LRB- The Apple Mac does not have this problem -RRB- .
 I thought about docking this a star because the format is n't terribly conducive to reading , but what the heck -- it 's hundreds of COMPLETE issues of the world 's greatest comic magazine for less than the price of just one Marvel Masterworks and it takes up the same amount of space as a single CD ! This is one technological advancement that fulfills its promise . Now , if I could just get my flying car and robot servant !
 This is a great comic dvd with over 500 comics , highly recommended if you are a comic book fan . But wait for an updated version of this which will also include the silver surfer comics combined . Release date is unknown for now , but I am sure it will be released to coincide with the movie .
 This is absolutely tremendous ! If you ever owned the original Kirby-Lee Fantastic Four comics , and let them go for whatever reasons , or if you never had them , and want to see the World 's Greatest Comic Magazine in the days when it truly lived up to that title , this is the way to go ! No one who 's gotten this far should pass it up ... it 's an unbelievable bargain and a wonderful item in these days of madness like comics slabbed in plastic , like Han Solo trapped in carbonite ... Forget the Marvel Masterworks volumes ... the reproduction ranges from shoddy to terrible , and the color is garish . Those reprints do a great disservice to these classic comics ... the originals looked much better than they do in the Masterworks volumes ! An example ... Fantastic Four # 5 ... in the Masterworks volume , on the very first page of the very first appearance of Doctor Doom , black splotches inexplicably obliterate most of Doom 's mask ... there 's no excuse for that ! That was n't there in the original , and it 's not here in the scan!If you do n't own the original comics , and are n't wealthy enough to buy the originals , this is the way to go . The scans are very good , high resolution . Here , you see all the linework that gets clotted in the Masterworks volumes , and you can zoom in and really study all the details of that great Kirby machinery , otherworldly architecture , and cosmic panoramas ! I 've had a big grin on my face from the moment I looked at the first page ... this is what comics are all about ... pure , unadulterated , cosmic fun!The original letter pages and ads are a real treat , too ... the whole experience is time travel!Oh , yeah ... you also get 34 years of non-Kirby Fantastic Four issues ... ; - -RRB- Please note ! If you have a Mac , and are having difficulties with this dvd , here are some tips.Are you opening it with Preview ? If you just click on the icon on the disk , it will open in Preview ... but this will not work properly . You must use Adobe Reader to see the pages without the watermark.Install Adobe Reader from the dvd.Make an alias of Adobe Reader and put it in the Dock.Click and open the dvd icon.Click and open the decade folder.Don ' t open the year folder ... click and drag the pdf icon , -LRB- such as FF_1960 . pdf -RRB- , onto the Reader alias in the dock to open.Click on year.Click on month.Click on the magnifing glass icon to zoom to any size.Enjoy all that cool Kirby machinery bigger than you 've ever seen it!I hope this is helpful !
 Just as promised , Stan Lee has reproduced the entire Fantastic Four collection published for the last 44 years . Theres no way I have been able to read all of the issues , but it is really easy to pick out the issues I wanted . Some of the comics scanned could have been in a little better condition , but at this late date most of those are sealed and graded by CGC . It would be nice to have a search engine to help find issues with particular characters as well . Overall , though , it is great to have all 500 + issues on one disk for a reasonable price .
 This disk has every Fantastic Four issue ever made , readable with the Adobe viewer . It 's easy to use and magnify . These issues are NOT `` proofs '' from Marvel archives ; they 're actual scanned comics from someone 's collection . As such , many pages on older issues are stained a bit , or wrinkled , or chipped , but this does not affect color and readability . It 's very amusing to read the ads from the early 1960s issues
 Since I can remember , the Fantastic Four has always been my favorite comic book . It was not just that the characters were interesting and had their own issues , but it was also that they were human as well as superheroes . The appeal of Ben Grimm , the sweetness of Sue Storm , brash Johnny Storm and the ultra-scientific -LRB- and never quite dorky -RRB- Reed Richards were a perfect team because they grew together and drew you into their lives.But let 's not forget that the FF also brought many novel comic aspects
 44 years of the fantastic four , for 40 bucks . incredible . it 's easy to manipulate the comics with the reader , and they are extremely easy to see . a subscription -LRB- which is still a great deal -RRB- to ff now through marvel costs about 23 bucks a year , but here you can get 44 years of the greatest team in comics for less than the cost of 2 years worth of subscriptions . amazing . imagine how much it 'd cost if you just collected trades of the great lee/kirby or byrne storylines . but instead you can get 44 years plus annuals just for 40 bucks . crazy . fantastic . this is probably the single greatest ff collectible out there , outside of owning the original comics .
 This set -LRB- and the already-released X-Men and Avengers sets -RRB- are hopefully the start of something big in comic collecting . I 'd love to see this done by DC and other publishers , and definitely want more of these from Marvel -LRB- upcoming sets include Amazing Spider-Man and Mad Magazine , and sets for the Hulk , Daredevil , and Captain America were hinted at as well -RRB- . This is a great way to get an entire run on a comic book title -LRB- including ads , letter pages , etc. -RRB- without tracking down and paying a fortune for the original back issues.I did drop a star since it does n't include books that crossed over into the title -LRB- not a problem with me , but I 'm sure other people might have issues with it -RRB- . But otherwise , this set is fantastic -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- .
 44 years of fantastic four is a great collection seeing as it collects every fantastic four comic book from movember 1961 to december 2004 . It even has the annuals which were missing from the spidey collection . this perfect for any fantastic four fan that has been a fan since the 60s or newer fans who just became a fan this past summer or anyone in between . This is a must have .
 You can even see the staple rust from the comics they scanned . The colors and textures match what the old comics looked like unlike modern reprints which look bland on modern paper .
 This program took me back to my dark room days of `` Light Table '' & `` Loupes '' . Aperture definitely brought back memories of many hours pouring over negatives and slides and heading to the dark room to try out different techniques . Instead of hours looking through the loupe and messing with smelly chemicals to create different versions of your photos , you can now do it all on your computer right in front of your clients with a few clicks of the mouse . If you have two monitors setup you can do all of your work on one and show the clients the end result on the other monitor all very effortlessly.A note about this program it is a beast when it comes to your system requirements you need at the minimum 1GB of RAM , at least a MAC with a 1.8 Ghz processor for the G5 's or a Powerbook G4 with 1.25 Ghz or faster . Plus the latest Tiger and a good graphics card otherwise the program wo n't even load.Essentially Aperture which can run natively on Intel and PowerPc - based Mac 's is a great tool for professional photographers that allows for easy import , organization and `` basic '' adjustment and storage of photos.There are many ways to import your images into Aperture . You can load directly from the camera or a storage device . You can also use existing photos that you may have on your hard drive -LRB- s -RRB- . You can also import from your IPhoto library . Native RAW format as well as Jpeg , Gif , Tiff , PNG , PDF & PSD2 formats all work very easily in Aperture.With the digital world we now have tons and tons of images on our hard drives and storage devices instead of hard copies when we all would have hundreds of prints , slides and negatives to store , and catalogue . Aperture makes the cataloguing part much easier . Aperture has a high performance database that allows you to add keywords to an image . Or you can use the star rating system to show the best of the best . You can setup Smart Albums based on your metadata queries . Or organize your photos into projects or albums . Within these systems you can create many different versions of your images . So if you want to tint and tone or apply a sepia toned effect no more smelly chemicals just make a copy of the photo you would like to see with some variation and presto like magic you can have those images in Black and White or with a tighter crop.Don ' t worry Aperture does not touch your original image at all . Aperture creates a version of the digital master your original photo . Instead of making actual copies of the same image with variations which as we know can eat up lots of storage space Aperture uses a set of instructions for each image pretty much code that is read by the computer to store and show the different versions so those large RAW files are n't duplicated on your hard drive hogging that much needed space.Aperture is at its best when working with RAW images . So instead of the multiple steps that some of us had gotten used to with converting our images and waiting forever for the process , Aperture now makes it a very streamlined process . Aperture supports many of the high end digital cameras from Canon , Nikon as wells as other brands and some compact cameras . You can visit the website to see if your camera is part of the lucky group.When you import your photos you can create Stacks for rapid sorting . By Stacking your images you can have a more organized work space . Basically you can create Stacks in a number of ways you can have your images stacked if you shoot in burst mode or if you bracket your shots . The Auto Stacker lets you choose the time frame that you shot your images in to create a stack . You can also manually create Stacks . A number appears on the bottom left of the first photo in your stack to let you know how many photos are in that Stack . You can layout a Stack and then collapse it when done.The library for Aperture allows you to get a handle on your photos . You can create nested folders to organize and view your images . You can also use albums within a project to organize and group photos in as many ways that you can think of all geared to how you work best.We all should have heard of Metadata by now . Thats all the nifty stuff that tags along on your photo . In Aperture it displays the standard stuff like camera type and focal length and lots of other info . You can add keywords to the Metadata file , copyright info , caption plus loads more . You can make that image appear in different searches if you want to . Some of the data you add can be straight across the board if all of the images in that batch are from the same photo session or you can customize it for each image.Then there are Queries and Smart Albums . With Queries you may want to see all the photos that you took during the winter , or all the images with water in them just set your criteria and those images will appear . With Smart Albums you can setup the album to include all images with snow in it , between a certain time frame and the query will find the images also any new images that you take with the keywords snow will also be added to the Smart Album . You can get really precise and detailed when setting up Smart Albums.Aperture also has vaults for your photos which make backups a regular part of your workflow . When you create a backup Aperture automatically mirrors your entire Aperture Library on any Firewire drive that you designate as a `` vault '' . You can have multiple vaults with some of your work being saved offsite . Once the vaults are setup Aperture lets you know if your vaults are in sync with your Library . Black means you 're up to date , Yellow means that the master files in the library are backed up but that there have been changes since the last update and Red means that at least one of the master files has not been backed up.Aperture also has One-Step Archiving . The archive contains all of your project data , to include the masters , all of your versions and metadata which you can burn to a DVD . Everything is self-contained . You can open and import the project into Aperture if you need to go back to it.In the middle of learning about this program I started using two monitors and man-o-man that 's the way to fly with this program . You can move your palettes around and setup the screens to get the most out of your particular work style . The HUDs or heads-up displays are great to put on the other monitor when you are working . The HUDs are floating adjustment controls that you can open and close as needed . So if you like to have certain info at a quick glance position the HUD to where you would like it to be.As with many programs you can customize your workspace and toolbars . There is a great Full-Screen workspace that works awesome with two monitors . When working with two monitors you have so many options to choose from . You can span the entire screen over both monitors , use one monitor to compare images , stack images three , four and more deep lets just say you can set this up to the way you really work . In the tool bar just drag and drop the features that you use the most and take out the ones that you do n't use that often.The digital loupe is a free floating magnifier that lets you really see if that image is as crisp as it appears . You can view any portion of an image at 100 % resolution this also includes RAW images which are decoded on the fly by Aperture . It was great to really quickly look through the images to find the ones that were nice and sharp.Back in college I remember when room at the light tables were at a premium some days . It was great when it was your turn to look at all of your negs/slides and spread everything out . With Apertures ' Light Table you can lay it all out . You can move your images around to create little clusters that work well together . You can do a story book layout before placing the images in a book or use the light table to compare which image looks best . When using two monitors the light table works like a champ . So while you have all of your images on one screen any image you select can be viewed at full size on the other . Plus the light table expands as you add more images so you do n't have to resize the canvas manually every time you add something to it . You can save your layout in a Light Table album you can in fact create multiple Light Table layouts for a client and print it out in a high res PDF file for your client to review.Some of the photo adjustments controls include RAW fine tuning , exposure & levels , color & white balance , composition , filters & effects and the very much appreciated red-eye correction , plus the spot & patch control . The great thing about the adjustments once you have applied an adjustment to one image you can apply the same adjustments to any other image -LRB- s -RRB- you would like using the Lift tool . Then apply the Lift and Stamp to apply the adjustments to multiple images . You can also sharpen an image however it sharpens the entire image you can not select just the eyes for example . Sometimes having the entire image sharpened may not be what you want so just pop the image over to your other photo editor which in my case is Photoshop and make your necessary changes and then bring it back to Aperture . You can send an image to Photoshop as a 16-bit PSD or TIFF file with a click . Once you are done with Photoshop , Aperture then creates a new version of that image in the Aperture library leaving the master untouched.Aperture also supports PSD files so you can go between the Aperture library and Photoshop where you can apply other effects like text , masking and compositing.I really loved the versions approach . Your original version is never touched the program creates a small separate file that references the original image . This is great because it does n't slow down your hard drive with multiple copies of the same image . You can make adjustments galore and show what the image can look like with different tints , tones , crops etc and all of the versions associated with a particular image are stacked together so you do n't have to worry about where did that file go.After all of the tweaking you can make great contact sheets , proofs and prints for your clients . You can make prints yourself or order them through Aperture . You also have the capability of making professional web pages . There are customizable templates for web pages to showcase your photos . Aperture does it all you do n't have to know code to create you own web page . There are two different types of pages in Aperture web galleries and web journals . With web galleries Aperture creates the appropriate number of pages of your images once you specify the number of rows and columns that you would like . What 's great is you can adjust image size and positioning of these images plus there is a setting in the Export dialog that lets you watermark your images . Whereas web journals offer more extensive with creative options . Use the Webpage editor to create pages that combine groups of photos with paragraphs of text just like a journal . You can publish these layouts if you have a . Mac account or you can put them on another server using FTP software.The coolest part of all of this is the Custom Book Publishing . You can design a custom book of your images either for your clients or to showcase your best work . The templates are really customizable . There are some themes available and you can build up from these themes to give the book your special touch . The choices include a Proof Book , Stock Book , Picture Book , Special Occasion Book and Art Collection Book . So go ahead and arrange , group , resize , colorize apply filters to your hearts content . Add a story to your photos to really make that trip come alive or document a wedding for a special client telling about their courtship to the wedding . It is best to print the pages out yourself to make sure everything looks great before ordering the book . Once you have checked that everything looks great go for it and get that hard back book to share with your family and clients.If you have the first version which is Aperture 1.0 you MUST get the updates for the program and load them in the correct order . The updates fixes many of the bugs that lock the system up , colorization issues and many other little tweaks that get the program running in the right direction for you.I was not a great fan of iPhoto it just made too many copies of my photos and finding all the locations was just getting to be too much so I did all of my editing and reviewing in Photoshop . Now with Aperture I can really set things up the way I would like and then head to Photoshop for my fine tuning of specific photos . Between the two programs I think I have found the best of both worlds . With the new lower price I think if you have lots of photos be you a Professional or Amateur you will enjoy using Aperture . There is a bit of getting used to with all of the drop downs menus , layout options and the HUDs but once you have mastered that you will find that keeping track of your images is much easier and the ability to make changes on the fly worth it .
 As an amateur photographer slowly turning semi-pro , this software makes my life easy . The updates from Apple were free , 2 now , and the changes are great.I did lose some files during some whacky glitch that happened , causing me to learn some hard lessons about backing up before erasing the flash cards . Also , do n't go messing with where the library lives unless you really know what you 're doing.The cataloging and rating systems alone are worth the price of admission . I still go to photoshop for really intricate touch-ups , but for most shots we 're good to go right from Aperture . Easy user interface . Easy to learn . Good to go .
 The program is perfect , I love it so much ! The best one on the market . I tried Adobe Lightroom and Apple Aperture for me is better .
 This product is great - it 's an easy way to archive and share your photos , audio , video and documents . You can create slide shows with your photos , add music , and share everything with your family and friends in a way that is easy for anyone to use . I 've always had good luck with tech support and customer service . I definitely recommend this product .
 Illustrator is probably the BEST product around for anyone seriously creating drawings and artwork on a computer . It packs in all the usual features , Bezier curves , color models , line and artwork control , and it has dozens of nifty new features . These include a powerful macro facility -LRB- direct or via Applescript -RRB- , a rubber stamp like `` symbol '' facility , artistic styles that can be applied to surfaces , filtering `` effects '' , gradient meshes for creating shaded surfaces , and the ability to define your own keyboard shortcuts.Yes , it has a serious learning curve . No , it is not a paint program . Yes , it has some flaws and a few bugs . No , you still have to have some artistic ability to use it.I 've tried Freehand , Expression , Corel Draw and several other rivals . They are not bad programs , but they lack the completeness , the immediacy , and the sense of control that you get in Illustrator . If you are serious , you would be hard pressed to do better .
 Seeing as the other `` review '' here is not particularly helpful or easy on the eyes , I figured I 'd write a brief one of my own that will hopefully be useful to someone . : -RRB- Illustrator is , simply , an extremely powerful piece of software . It has some amazing features , both in terms of power and in terms of usability . There are multiple ways to do just about everything , depending on what suits your style of working . You could also spend hours customizing the interface and setting things up the way you like -LRB- this could be a pro or a con , depending on how much you value your productivity -RRB- . While Illustrator gets high marks for raw power , there is one area where Adobe needs to improve it
 THEY HAVE ADDED PROCESSES TO THIS VERSION WILL MAKE ADJUSTMENTS WITHOUT HAVING TO GO BACK AND FORTH TO PHOTOSHOP ...
 Back in the day , this grafx biz we 're in used to be easier . You knew your target medium -LRB- paper or film -RRB- , artwork could be massaged , and -- dammit-deadlines were reasonable . Now you better be able to rebuild and repurpose overnight ! At last Adobe has brought to Illustrator some of the things the Macromedia people have been jeering at the lack of for so long . Key functionality like being able to reslice around that new layout , combine and modify vector and raster grafx , CSS , FLASH format support -LRB- !!!! -RRB- ... on and on.You may not have the -LSB- money -RSB- for this upgrade right now . If in that case , pull Mama out of the home for a month or two , and use the money to buy this upgrade , especially if you do a lot of multiformat work . Now that this functionality is available in Illustrator , you have virtually full round trip between your Mmedia and Adobe packages . Not everything works the way you 'd intuitively guess , and some web things are still easier in Fireworks , but the longer you forgo this , the more those baggy-pants youngsters are going to be eating your clients 's lunch , or -- more likely -- eating lunch with your clients .
 I have tried the beta version and am awaiting shipment of the final version . I have used the prior versions and have to say this is a big improvement . Now , if we can get Photoshop and GoLive in MacOs X , I will never have to switch back to classic .
 I have tried the beta version and am awaiting shipment of the final version . I have used the prior versions and have to say this is a big improvement . Now , if we can get Photoshop and GoLive in MacOs X , I will never have to switch back to classic .
 This software tool was a blessing in disguise . I purchased their updated version and found images on my daughters computer that were inappropriate for anyone to view . Not only that but she was communicating with a man in her facebook that apparently despised woman.You get 5 stars ComputerCOP and I encourage every parent to purchase ComputerCOP . I actually went to their website and found States that their local Police and Sheriff 's Departments were giving them out for free . A $ 40.00 savings.Wow !!
 The z touch is awesome ! it Has 2 games -LSB- slot machines and racecars -RSB- it has a clock , calander , phone book , `` fortune teller '' , you can chat wirelessly with 2 of them and it is well worth the price ! it is superb ! If it does n't work , no need to worry just send it back for a new one that 's what I did . I give it more stars if i could but unfortunatly i could n't buy today !
 easy to install in any windows computer , it has helped me to play chess better , you can connect to the internet with it , so you can play other people . it 's also fun , and addicting .
 Basically , this is a good program . The range of pictures and images available is astounding , and the quality of the pictures is amazing . A definite winner all round . A good choice for christmas .
 If your looking for hours of Entertainment and Enjoyment , you 've come to the right game ! The Simpsons Cartoon Studio Game is ABSOLUTLY AWSOME ... If you are a fan of the simpsons . I am 13 years old writing this review ... and I will tell you if your kids like the simpsons , get them this game . I got this game 2 days ago and allready am a pro at it . You can do everything from Add Props , Add Almost all the characters from the show and make your very own unique simpsons episodes ... and watch them ... When you 're done and proud of your work ... Send it to a friend ... Even if they dont have the game ! From the Moment you start this game you will love it . You can make simple 10 second cartoons to 10 minute long ones ! If you are a parent of a kid around any age , get this game ... they will absolutly love it ! Its Fun and Exciting ... And when the kids arent home ... you can use it and get loads of laughter ! DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE OF NOT BUYING THIS AWSOME COMPUTER GAME !
 GREAT GAME A MUST BUY FOR ANY SIMPSON FAN AND FOR THAT ONE GUY THAT DIDENT KNOW HOW TO MAKE THE CHARATERS MOVE YOU HOLD IT DOWN AND MOVE THEM LIKE THE SIMPSONS ? BUT WANT TO CREATE YOUR OWN CARTOON ? THEN THE SIMPSONS CARTOON STUDIO IS FOR YOU .
 I bought the Simpsons Cartoon Studio CD ROM for my twin 12 year olds boys ' birthdays . They are both Simpson fanatics , and love everything Simpsons . I had read some of the negative reviews on this product here , and was a bit wary of it as a result ... but I got it anyway . Mostly , the reviews said that the instructions were either missing or inadequate , and it was too difficult to figure out how to make the program do anything , or control the animations . Well , nothing could be farther from the truth . My one son who is more technical read the HUGE included instruction booklet cover to cover the first night , and from then on he was off and running . He says this is his favorite Computer game now , and he absolutely loves the animation possibilities , the characters , props , backgrounds , voices , music , etc. . He has created several complicated masterpieces that look great . I can only conclude that they must have re-released this CD with a better instruction book after the earlier reviews were written . -LRB- There are actually two copyright dates on it , so that 's probably what happened . -RRB- In any case , it 's a huge hit in our house , and my sons are both thrilled with it !!! We also got the `` Virtual Springfield '' CD ROM ... another FANTASTIC game ! One son likes that one more , but the other likes the Cartoon Studio better !
 This game is a great game . I do n't know why `` the critic '' is complaining . This is the best Simpsons game I have ever played . Its fun to make the people float in the air . It also has cool music you can add .
 This program almost swept me off my feet . With so many characters , voices , and sounds to choose from , the plots are limitless ! I am a huge Simpsons fan and this game proved itself not to be a disappointment .
 One of the joys of being a packrat is discovering really cool stuff you forgot you ever owned . The Simpsons Cartoon Studio joins my list of rediscovered gems . I fired this thing up in my XP PC -LRB- it 's also compatible with Macs -RRB- and soon found myself spending more time than I had planned just having fun . It is true , my friends - while you probably wo n't transform yourself into Matt Groening , you can indeed make your own Simpsons cartoons . It 's not inherently easy to do , but with time , practice , and some imagination , you can amuse your friends and indulge the little child in you that always wanted to grow up and be a cartoonist.This software gives you more options than you might expect , especially given the fact it was released way back in 1996 . First , you can choose from a total of 35 backdrops , including many beloved Springfield locations , as the setting for your little cartoon adventure . Fill the space with your choice of a huge number of items - furniture , signs , electronic gadgets , three-eyed fish , etc. . Once the scene is set , bring on the actors - luckily , you wo n't have to deal with threatened actors ' strikes in order to bring your Simpsons creations life . Almost all of your favorites are here
 This game is pretty good as it has a large selection of things to do -LRB- i.e. you will never do every single thing in the game without sleeping for the next 50 years -RRB- . The only problem is there is n't a great amount of miscellaneous characters , and the ones that are there are n't able to do much , -LRB- For example , how can Ralph or Chief Wiggum walk ? How can Dr. Nick talk or Grampa do anything but sleep ? -RRB- . More backgrounds might be needed , -LRB- Mr. Burns Office or Moes Tavern -RRB- . If your buying this your for kids , make sure that they are real Simpsons fans and possibly that they have asked you for it . If you 're buying this for yourself make sure you try the demo version first as you might not like it -LRB- remember the demo version has about 1/30th of the original -RRB- . Do n't let this put you off buying it . As you can see , I gave it five stars , my opinions were that it needed more things to do . I am not saying the creators did a bad job on it , in fact I thought it was a pretty decent game , but after a while it gets a bit boring watching the same thing , -LRB- a bit like the repeats on BBC2 -RRB- . Hope this has helped you ! < :-RRB- + - =
 At first I hated this game , I did n't know how to control it ! So I was so angry , but then I played it for a while and it was very easy , this is a great game but gets boring after a while but it still pretty fun so if you are a big fan of the Simpsons , get this game !
 Grandkids love these games , and I like them too . Makes them use their problem-solving skills without realizing they 're learning .
 Another good game with Freddi . Our 7yo daugthter likes the Freddi series of games and has played them several times each . They are slightly different and still fun each time .
 My order for `` Freddie Fish 4 - Case of the Hogfish Rustlers - was received in a timely manner just the same as a previous order that I had made . The condition of the game was perfect - no problem . Would definitely order again .
 Great product . A 4 year old had a great time playing it and learned to think -LRB- whether he knows he was learning or not -RRB- . As soon as he completed it the first time , he wanted to play again . I think that a 4 year old needs an adult needs to be present to insure continous progress instead of frustration . Would definitely buy it again .
 Great game , but I was disappointed in the packaging . Not even a jewel case - just a paper sleeve . A little disappointing for a Christmas present .
 A very good game , obviously not as funny as the TV show but still captures the essence of the town of Springfield.Now you can roam the streets of Springfield , meet all your favourite characters and visit Simpsons landmarks such as Moe 's Tavern , the Nuclear Power Plant and the Kwik-E-Mart . Great fun but may not appeal to non Simpsons fans , though .
 This game is GREAT ! Rainy day out ? You stuck at home on a Friday , the Simpsons just went off , and you 're very bored ? Well , just pop in the CD and go ! Around Springfield ! You can wander any where from across the bridge to the Old Folks ' home and Cemetary to Lookout Hill where Bart will sometimes perform a fantastic jump with his skateboard , into the heart of Springfield , the Simpsons ! Cast members wander around the town reguarly and speak funny comments . A huge choice of places to go , from unfamiliar streets to familiar Kwik-E-Marts . No matter what you pay for this , you get your money 's worth .
 Speaking as a big simpson fan I really like this game!It 's not as much a game as it is an interactive envirernment ripped from the show!The 3d when walking on the street is okay but the 2d areas look great!Plus the characters are voiced by the voice acters from the show.And there are many many events that fans will reconize from the show!Oh and it contains two new itchy and scratchy shorts!I could keep going on and on with the details on this but I do n't want to waste your time.So I will finish by saying that if you are a simpsons fan get it !
 This game is fun especially for the Simpsons fans . I like how you can walk around springfield and explore everything . I love going to the school . The Simpsons house is the best but you 'll get a kick out of the Flanders house . In every place there are a few mini games that are fun for a while . If you like the Simpsons GET THIS GAME NOW !!!!
 Speaking as a big simpson fan I really like this game!It 's not as much a game as it is an interactive envirernment ripped from the show!The 3d when walking on the street is okay but the 2d areas look great!Plus the characters are voiced by the voice acters from the show.And there are many many events that fans will reconize from the show!Oh and it contains two new itchy and scratchy shorts!I could keep going on and on with the details on this but I do n't want to waste your time.So I will finish by saying that if you are a simpsons fan get it !
 With all-new scenes and never-before-heard dialogue , Virtual Springfield is a must-have for fans of The Simpsons . The writing here is every bit as sharp as any of the TV episodes - I found myself constantly laughing and delighted by all the new antics/adventures of the Springfieldians . You know it 's gon na be good when Troy McClure pops up as your guide . This will provide weeks of enjoyment for fans of the Simpson clan and all that inhabit their world . Should you get this ? As Ned would say , Yes indeed-alee !
 Although I would hope anyone could enjoy this game , it probably would be best for Simpsons fans because of the humor and references to specific episodes that others may have not seen . While not too challenging , it is lots of fun and after you win -LRB- by collecting all the cards hidden around the town -RRB- , a link is given to a website , which gives you more ideas of what to do in Springfield . Bottom line
 As a die-hard fan of the `` Simpsons '' , I love anything and everything that has their image on them . After purchasing the rather disappointing `` Simpsons Cartoon Studio '' I decided to purchase `` Virtual Springfield '' and see how much more different it was.What I got was an incredible game that allow the user to explore the town of Springfield as if you were walking through the streets with a virtual reality helmet on . While the game features excellent graphics and sound , and plenty of humorous characters and scenarios , I was only disappointed that the game manual was n't too informative on how to collect items , especially the series of trading cards that are hidden throughout the town . Besides this minor fault , the game is great for adults , and it would probably be a bit difficult for young children to maneuver around the town using a mouse.All of Springfield 's humorous and wacky denizens are here , and some of the places where you can actually visit inside -LRB- e.g. the Kwik-E-Mart ; Simpson 's home ; Flander 's home -RRB- are hysterical and entertaining to the fullest extent . If you are a die-hard Simpsons ' fan , then this game is for you . I only wish I could learn how to collect and use most of the items/clues that I need to complete my mission .
 A great game game with excellent graphics , perfectly capturing the essence of the town of Springfield.Obviously not as funny as the TV show but still entertaining.As a Simpsons fan , it 's great to wander around the streets of Springfield , visit Simpsons landmarks such as Moe 's , the Kwik-E-Mart , the Nuclear Power Plant and come meet all your favourite Simpsons characters . Great fun , but may not appeal to non Simpsons fans .
 This is a great game . Shortcuts and hidden objects pop up everywhere , and there 's something new everytime you play it . However , if you 're a new Simpsons fan and are n't familiar with the show , you should probably purchase something else , as many of the jokes are references that non-Simpsoniacs would not get . With that said , if you 're a hardcore Simpsons nut , buy this now ! If not , go with The Simpsons Cartoon Studio .
 What I like about this software is that it does not come with too many `` gadgets . '' At my age , I am `` technically challenged . '' So this software worked out fine for me with my limited computer skills . I also like the fact that this software covers Castilian Spanish . It is probably the only course available that exclusively covers Castilian Spanish in such depth since Pimsleur and Learning Like Crazy only offer Latin American Spanish courses.The downside of this software is that you will not learn much Spanish grammar with it . If you want to learn the rules and mechanisms required to combine words and form sentences in Spanish , you will have to buy a good Spanish grammar book . For that I strongly recommend Spanish Grammar for Independent Learners by Avigail Azoulay , Arie Vicente . It is more expensive than other Spanish grammar books but it is well worth the money .
 We are a retired couple hoping to learn Spanish to make travel more enjoyable . Using Rosetta Stone you hear the words/phrases , see them written , and see a picture showing the word or action . You can speak the language and write it . It provides lots of review . We were afraid we would not have the self-discipline to use the program everyday . However , we are finding this not to be a problem . You can use it for short periods of time , or for longer if you want . My goal is to understand and make myself understood in Spain . My husband 's goal is to become fluent -LRB- he took Spanish in high school and college , but never got fluent -RRB- . Unlike `` school '' Spanish Rosetta Stone does not bog you down with grammar rules . Also , the speakers speak excellent Spanish , not with American accents as many of our teachers did . We think we can reach our goals .
 Superb learning tool for Spanish . Vocabulary and grammar are taught with logically sequenced written and spoken sentences corresponding to color photographs from everyday life scenes . A bonus is that my two and a half year old grandson delights in sitting beside me and pointing out `` el gato '' ... `` el caballo '' ... `` el perro '' and others .
 I 've only just started . But so far , I am very pleased with this language program . My only regret is that I do n't have enough time to keep at it . The various learning modalities are quite useful-this is the only program -LRB- aside from taking a class -RRB- that i 've used which does this . I recommend it !
 The many different avenues of learning that Rosetta Stone offers helps the user make associations that get results !
 I ordered the wrong Spanish Language Learning Sucess kit for my husband for Christmas . Although he had taken off the outside wrap , Rosetta Stone graciously allowed us to return the set I had given him and in return they sent us the version he had originally wanted . Rosetta Stone made the return very easy and fast .
 Zeroads is excellent software . I have tried nearly every ad blocking and pop-up blocking software on the market before I settled on this one . Most ad and pop up blockers are limited to a few types of ads or only pop-ups . Zeroads uses low level network packet sniffing technology based on Microsoft 's Layered Service Provider protocol to interercept and modify ad content before it gets to the computer . The result it that it blocks pop-ups , flash ads , gif ads , cookies , and nearly every other form of adware . The block lists are automatically updated weekly by the software . The installation is simple , the user interface is attractive and well designed , and the model is set it and forget it as everything is automated . Web surfing with Zeroads is not only `` cleaner '' but generally much faster . This program is addictive and I always run it on my laptop.As a software developer I think an important factor to note is that the layered software protocol is a widely abused system protocol by many software companies and malware . Any search on McAffee forums , or Oracle both of which have software components that use the same protocol have had customers that have experienced incompatability with other Layered Software Protocol applications . Spyware and Malware such as webhancer often use this protocol both incorrectly and maliciously . The result it that when two such applications interact users can experience a severed net connection unless the offending application is removed . Zeroads does do a good job of detecting incompatabile LSP 's and even alerting the user as to spyware that may have affected their network connection . Also I found FBM software 's 24/7 tech support to be responsive and helpfull.This program is an essential net surfing tool and I highly recommend it .
 Nice little product . Does n't work with Vista so be careful as you consider buying . I never used the Antiviris , because I found a free one that works better.The cleanup and registry fixers are fast and easy to follow . Miss the thing on my Vista computer .
 No there is not one hundred one languages on this software but seventy six and one of them is English . Needless to say you are not going to learn seventy six languages with this software but this is a great starter set for anyone who has n't decided which language they want to learn . If you are like me and enjoy different cultures and around people from many parts of the world this is great . The most use phase I have learned is `` thank you '' it goes along way and now I can say thank you in about twelve languages . Stay away from Rosetta stone !!! It is an extremely overpriced over rated product !! One would be better finding channels on youtube dedicated to learning languages than blowing a not so small fortune on rosetta stone . All in all for the money this is a fun set to start with learn a few phrases , surprise the Korean , Indian or Russian store owners by simply saying thank you in there native tongue !!
 This product is the best of the lot . I was blown away at its flash interface and ease of use . Nice work .
 After some moron -LRB- me -RRB- thoughtlessly downloaded some spyware -LRB- the website I went to said it could n't run without a plug-in that allowed the page to display correctly - this was the spyware , I found out later -RRB- , I was left with a ton of spyware programs , which proceeded to not only re-direct my browser to God knows where , but also to call back to the mothership and bring in even more software - bypassing the firewall on my machine , no less . So , I bought this software on the recommedation of another , and I must say it 's an excellent product . Installation was simple , and it immediately initiated a scan of the system , detecting some 13 instances of spyware installed , and 6 distinct individual types of spyware . It even provided quite a bit of detail on the spyware detected , who makes it , who distributes it , etc. . It went on to clean my system , warning me about potential problems with removing some of the components , and making suggestions for action.My only potential ` criticism ' of the product is that , at the very beginning , the interface is a little manic -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- - several windows pop up simultaneously , each asking for direction , or to inform me of a new detection , or to tell me some other stuff I ca n't even remember now . I found this more amusing than anything , and I thought it showed that the makers of this software were enthusiastic about the product , if nothing else.But , after the initial scan , all you ever see is a window asking if it can call home to get updates , and a request to scan the system for spyware.So , overall , if you are looking for a solid anti-spyware program , I would highly recommend this one .
 It locked up my computer , would not let me uninstall it.I had to redo my computer .
 SOFTWARE TESTED ... PRICE ... OVERALL PERFORMANCE ================================================================= Webroot SpySweeper ... FREE ... PoorAd Aware ... FREE ... FairSpybot ... FREE ... GoodMcAfee Antispyware ... FREE ... ExcellentMicrosoft Antispyware ... FREE ... THE BESTZero Spyware ... -LRB- ... -RRB- ... ExcellentThe above chart shows the softwares that I have tested against adware and spyware on my system.Zero Spyware -LRB- ZSW -RRB- is good as it really cleaned my machine and I do not see any more popups or suspicious programs running in my task manager . However , the freeware called Spybot gave me the same results too!Further , Microsoft 's newly released AntiSpyware -LRB- Beta version -RRB- cleaned even the most persistent spywares that even Zero Spyware could not.So the real question is
 Zero is a great product and by purchasing the older and updating to the latest version it is the best Competive security program for the money .
 Some of the other reviews do not understand a few things about anti-spyware . A good anti-spyware product -LRB- and I have n't found one that does everything -RRB- : * has a large database of antispyware it can detect , and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- remove . It does n't matter whether another spyware product can produce similar results for you , because you really do n't know what another person 's computer is going to have that requires a larger or more accurate database . No antispyware can remove every piece of spyware as some spyware evades antispyware , nor can every antispyware detect everything using the same names as any other . Detection is more important than removal . Spyware Doctor has good detection as does Pestpatrol . Use a thorough hard drive scan with Pestpatrol and spyware doctor . * uses the uninstaller that some more over-the-top programs install , and then cleans up the rest . -LRB- this is the safest way to remove spyware
 I 've been using Adobe PhotoDeluxe 2.0 for years . I 've tried other photo editing programs , but I keep coming back to this one . It is so simple to use , and so versatile ! I love the special effects buttons , and the `` one-click '' ability to convert photos from color to black-and-white . The ONLY problem I have had is if I try to open it in Windows XP -LRB- Service Pack 3 -RRB- after I have been running other programs , it freezes and never opens . If I make sure it 's the first program I open after booting up my computer , I have no problems with it.I will be DESOLATED if the day ever comes when I ca n't use this program anymore !
 I have used Adobe photodeluxe 2.0 on my PC -LRB- that 's right , not Mac ! -RRB- for years now . I 'm not sure where I got the software -LRB- or where my copy of the original installation disc has gone , for that matter -RRB- but recently when I had to bring my PC back to factory settings and reload a copy of the program I had saved to a thumbdrive it gives me a `` not enough ram '' error message . My OS is XP . Has anybody had a similar problem and know of a way to fix it ? Please do n't suggest Photoshop Elements as I hate this software . It 's too complicated and aggravating . My photodeluxe 2.0 is basic yet capable enough for all my photo editing needs . Trying to use Elements is like trying to kill a fly with a cannon !
 I am 87 years old and a webmaster with over 100 websites I have built and edit.My computer crashed and I lost all my programs and I could not find my copy of my Adobe Photodeluxe old version and I was devistated . I found a copy of Amazon and ordered it and when I got it , it was for Max and not Windows . The seller understood and gave me my refund . I found anothe copy for Windows and it works just like my original program and WOW , I can not say how great I appreicate Amazon . I have been married 61 years and if she ever leaves me , I 'll check Amazon for a housekeeper . My wife is a great housekeep , cook , wife , mother and grandmother . She can never be replaced , I love God , her and Amazon in that order . Jerry Stokes .
 I just wanted to add that a lot of the reviews in this section are for different software ! Versions of photodeluxe 2.0 are different for PC 's and Mac 's !! The Mac 's version 2.0 is comparable to photodeluxe 4.0 for PC , which is known to have a lot of `` bugs '' in it . Version 2.0 for PC is a much better version than 4.0 ... do n't fix what is not broken !! So , please if you are a PC user thinking about purchasing version 2.0 , ignore the comments about the Mac version as they do not apply to you . : o -RRB-
 Adobe has been perfecting their software for way over a decade , so no wonder they 're so high quality and easy to use.Like their high end -LSB- ... -RSB- software , this title uses a very easy and functional layering system.I use it , not only for photos , but for illustration and graphics purposes , too . Just scan your line drawing in and , like a coloring book , fill in the white areas with color or textures . It comes with a bunch of cool effects buttons , so you can then add those as well.It crashes sometimes , but usually only when using the `` advanced '' buttons and bogging your RAM down with a ton of effects and commands . Just be sure to get in the universally good habit of saving often , and there wo n't be much of a problem.I actually prefer version 2 to version 4 because of a more user friendly interface , but do n't try to run version 2 on WinXP .
 Never thought I would be good at making minor changes to family photos until I tried this product . Easy to learn , easy to use . Now my whole family uses this product .
 I love adope photodeluxe . I never use it to repair photos , but I 'm sure it would be great for that too . No , I use it to draw . I 'm a kid but I can make things look AWESOME with this . You can make it so the shadows are smooth and you can make it look real ... Words do not define my love for this program . Without it I do n't know what I would do . It has tons of features , like smudging , textures , and loads of other things . Also , unlike MS Paint , when you use the brush button it 's smooth looking instead of rough and bumpy . It is awesome for an artist like me , and way cheaper than photoshop . If you like artsy stuff , then I have three words for you ... GET IT , MAN !
 I 'm posting this in July , 2007 . I am an artist and architect and this simple little program has been way more easy and intuitive for me to use than PhotoShop . And I have tried other photo editing/drawing/painting programs -LRB- including PS `` Elements '' -RRB- and yet I always come back to PhotoDeluxe -LRB- v 1.1 is great , I have v2 .0 but I use the other -RRB- . I run `` classic '' OS 9 now that Im on a Mac G5 with OS X just because of this program ! Yes , I export in jpeg so that printing is easy with Mac 's Preview but that minor extra step is little worry when the program itself allows me to do positive and negative selections to compose `` airbrushed '' layers over or under photo layers to create before and after versions of my building designs or other artwork . Aside from any issues others may have in getting this to run for whatever reasons , I have never had a problem and I have shared this software with many of my Mac and PC friends -LRB- my discs allow for either installation ! -RRB- . I really ca n't believe that this software got discontinued !!! I mean there is little else available that works with or without photos with such ease ! It has made lots of money for me over the years in doing quick and realistic renderings for my clients ! I 'm not kidding ! I thank the team that tweaked PhotoShop to work so beautifully for the layperson , artist and/or professional ! And I believe that it even can do things that Photoshop ca n't do , although I 'm sure that if I was a career Photoshop user I 'd know the complex way to do the same things !
 I have used this software with windows 98 , I love the way you can take old photos and restore them , and not to mention enlarging your small prints to larger sizes , then using the same program will allow you to make your own personal calendars and cards
 I had Adobe Photodeluxe for my old PC and loved it . Now , with current upgrades I own a Windows 7 PC . My review is more of a question . Is Photodeluxe 2.0 compatable with Windows 7 ? Adobe Photodeluxe 2.0 -LSB- Old Version -RSB-
 I recall this program from years ago and it was a solid web-design program . I talked to an artist who is still using it to create beautiful websites . I did not realize it would not work on a Mac with OS10 . Too bad . So I wasted a few bucks ... wish Adobe would reissue it !
 What can I say , I was not paying attention and POOF ! Office was gone . I mean really , truly , absolutely gone . No amount of crying , cussing or banging on my laptop would bring it back . The late night call to our IT guy did not bring it back -LRB- nor did his laughter before the cussing -RRB- . Imagine how awful I felt to walk in the next week ... yes it took me that long ... to tell the director of the 501c3 I worked for that I had just deleted it from the new laptop we had been given.You guessed it , I got to buy a new copy ! MY DONATION to the charity I worked for . oh my . Well , I will not make that mistake again . -LRB- I let my hubby delete things from now on.Oh , you want to know about the product . Could n't work without it -LRB- even though I still ca n't make an Excel document worth anything -RRB- . Love how it all integrates together . Word and Works are used daily and PowerPoint is invaluable for beautiful , organized , easy-to-make presentations.There are definitely cheaper knockoffs out there and we have tried them . THOSE I will delete .
 I ordered the program early on one day and got it around noon the next - this was standard shipping -LRB- but near Christmas -RRB- . Moreover , it is exactly what I wanted - a legal package still in the original wrapping - not an OEM , or NFR but a retail package . It even came with an instruction book . Prior to purchase , I checked the system requirements so everything is working fine . If I need more retro-software , this will be the first place I check .
 perfect product as advertised . needed it to enable re-install office 2003 upgradebecause those squatbrains at Microsoft would not help and also stopped supportingOffice 2003 . If you need to re-install a upgrade version this is the way to go.Buy it cheap on Amazon and get on with your life .
 I 'm old school and prefer word/excel 97 . The newer version are hard to work with and I do not like to use them . However , this product was exactly what I wanted and very satisfied . Would definitely order from this merchant in future .
 Very satisfied with the product , but more important , very much more satisfied with the expidition in which it was handled . This was my first order and I WILL make future orders .
 Several of my clients have lost their ` orange ' numbers , ruined their current CDs , refused to take care of them , scratched them , or they just lost them . This is the best way to help someone rebuild their Microsoft CD collection from the bottom up.Once you buy this , you can then start buying , again , the upgrades to Microsoft 's Office Professional 's software . Especially since Access , the database , has become soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo HOT !! You need the database , -LRB- Access -RRB- when you buy any Office upgrade , you will pay the upgrade price and you should look for the Office version with Access in it , not the Standard version , but the Professional version.You can still use this software and it will get you out of a tight spot until you get your computer back from the IT guy or the computer repair shop !!
 This product works well for me . First I had to obtain a good copy . I purcahsed one from a vendor for $ 23 , thinking I made a good deal . After receiving it , it would not work ! The vendor also refused to take it back ! I then purchased one for $ 35 & it worked well . I would simply tell others , if the price sounds too good to be true , chances are there is a problem ! I use Excel and Word on a daily basis with my job . I know some people want the latest releases , but I simply can not see why I would spend $ 200 for Office 2003 when I get get this for $ 35 & it works the same ! So I would recommend to anyone , buy one of these and save a fortune . Do not buy a cheap $ 23 one becasue of my experience , but the mid-priced versions work & I could not be happier .
 This is a good program , it has all the basics needed for an average user . Easy to use and learn , even for the most novice user . Installing over XP may require several restarts of the set up program , however .
 Although Office 97 Professional lacks some of the bells and whistles of later versions it is a complete and robust suite that will suit the needs of anyone who does n't need the absolute latest software . It does n't seem to support web-based email like Yahoo! , but for the price and compatibility Office 97 Professional is a very good choice .
 I bought this and discovered what Walter did , but I used the CD key on newer version of Office and it worked.Apparently , after XP was released Microsoft released an updated version of Office . I compared the disks and I noticed a code SR-1 on the updated version.I recommend if possible inquiring with seller about XP compatibility , otherwise you may be taking a gamble .
 I used Office 95 for years but needed to upgrade . I use word and excel a lot but do n't have a need for all the fancy stuff . The features that were upgraded in this version are perfect for what I need ! I highly recommend this version for simpletons like myself .
 Why buy Microsoft software when they first come out new ? If you can wait a couple of years until the price comes down you can get it at a steal . Microsoft sells their products at prices that the average consumer ca n't afford but when it 's old and somewhat outdated the price is very affordable and it works just as good as the new software . I would suggest everyone who would like to own a Microsoft office suite to buy it old or used because that 's where the real deals are.Bobby Wiggins
 Office 97 still works fine on Vista and Windows 7 machines . It is much leaner and , in my opinion , easier to use that the latest MS Office suite . -LRB- I despise the ribbon toolbars found in the latest MS Office suites . -RRB- Office 97 can be found at a bargain price , and most people will find that it fulfills all their needs and then some .
 The Microsoft Office 97 Standard Edition I purchased from Amazon was excellent . It was in brand new condition , and it was everything that was promised .
 I have used this for doing all sorts of editing with my digital photos . Easy to use and does everything , including trick photos that will fool your mother . A lot of fun to use and easy . I have also tried elements and it 's not nearly as user frendly -LRB- meaning a pain in the rear to use -RRB- .
 This program easily resizes those HUGE pesky camera downloads to a manageable file , as well as allowing cropping , rotating and cleanup before you send out to all your friend and relatives . Take redeye out instantly , convert color to B/W or sepia in a flash , and lots of neat special effects . Too dark -- use `` Instant fix '' or a variety of options that cleans up contrast and brightness . Save into a variety of formats , cleanup a photo by erasing , cloning sections , restoring areas , etc. . Amazing program that anyone can handle , and the price is right .
 The voice sample loops on this CD-ROM are very diverse from boys choir to pop to hip-hop . I like the fact that some samples have lyrics , some are melodic , while others are improvisational . With some creative &#34; cutting & pasting &#34; , I can create some very unique vocal parts for my compositions . I am using a Macbook with OSX 5.8 , so even though this disk is a few years old , it is perfect for my operating system . I believe it is a nice addition to the other JamPack loop CDs , and an excellent buy !
 Certainly somewhat pricey but well worth it if you need the added sounds . Now I have an entire choir and MORE added into Garage Band
 A great addition to my GarageBand loops . Also have Symphony and the two combined makes for great music .
 Very cool if you want to find your new style ! You can try different shades on and do your hair to find a great color ! A little pricey but tottally worth it !
 This is a 7 year old product . Why not buy C++ Builder 5.0 Standard for the same price , also made by Borland ? It has a powerful RAD Environment , Great debugger , and supports WIn 95 , Win 98 , Win NT and Win 2000 .
 Why buy the TC + + Suite ? Depends on your needs , as a game programmer I make a lot of ` test ' apps , menu systems , map editors , and debuggers ; and I really do n't want to waiste my time making this stuff work in wondows , when it works twice as fast in DOS . So , if you need to make apps that work in DOS the TC + + 3.0 and 4.5 are right for you . If you just want to learn C++ and Windows , I say buy the C++ Builder 5 or VC + + 6 , and do n't waiste your money on something you will only use for three months and then put away in a closet , never to be used again .
 This product is very no nonsense . For anyone who grew up programming in DOS , this is THE product . I wrote my first class object 45 mins after opening the package . Borland could have been a bit more verbose in project organization in DOS , but it 's everything a 16 bit/DOS programmer dreams of . Documentation , very good ... product examples , programs , etc. , spectacular . Ease of installation , a snap ! This is a MUST for anyone supporting clients still in DOS , and I know dozens here in Juneau .
 Brilliant game - kept the grandchildren occupied for hours - and they 're still playing the game -LRB- and so are their parents -RRB-
 My 6 year old loves to play the Putt-Putt games as well as Freddie Fish . They are great entertainment for rainy days . This particular game does seem to be older than some of the other versions though with graphics not quite as good as Putt-Putt `` goes to the race '' or `` to the circus '' .
 Grandchild loves these putt putt games keeps her on her toes , loves the story lines ... . has just about all of them now ,
 I loved this game for all of my children , unfortunately , it does not work on my current OS . Much to our dismay , we can not get it to work on anything higher than OS9 and Apple does not readily supply the disc . All in all , this is a wonderful game -LRB- from memory -RRB-
 The story line did n't seem as involved as `` Race '' or `` Zoo '' -LRB- which has a good song -RRB- but my children spent quite a bit of time on this one . Putt-Putt is very interactive , requires some logic problem solving , and operates on older PCs so the kids are n't on your machine all the time .
 My kids loved all the Humongous Entertainment games
 My grandkids play this game and Putt Putt goes to the circus over and over again . They all started playing it when about 5 yrs of age , and they still play it ! Yes the graphics are primitive to a degree , but the puzzle is what entrances them . Mom , Dad and Grandparents can also sit and help the little ones with this . In fact , Grandma/Grandpa , try it yourself first ! LOL . It 's fun .
 Supporting Windows NT Server 4.0 Enterprise CurriculumCourse OverviewThis course series will help individuals prepare for certification exam 70-068 . This exam is a core requirement for MCSE certification . To become a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer you are required to pass four operating systems exams and two elective exams that provide a valid and reliable measure of technical proficiency and expertise.Learn ToMicrosoft Class - 689 Supporting Windows NT 4.0 EnterpriseAudienceThis course series is intended for professionals seeking MCSE certification.Deployment Optionse-LearningAccreditationNASBA credits
 I bought the upgrade version on Amazon.If you are a mathematics or engineering student or a working engineer or mathematician who frequently does beyond-spreadsheet mathematics , you need a math package . There are several competing products
 Use the tool that students and educators at more than 2,000 colleges and universities around the world are already using in their math , science and engineering departments . Through its patented technology and use of natural math notation , Mathcad lets students easily manipulate math and see the results change instantly , creating an unparalleled learning experience . Students and teachers can then focus on math concepts rather than getting bogged down in software syntax . Built-in examples , tutorials and reference material make Mathcad 11 the ideal calculation tool for both professors and students.Here are just some of the benefits of using Mathcad : - Cross-disciplinaryIf the curriculum contains math content , any student capable of taking the course is capable of writing , calculating , manipulating , and visualizing it directly in Mathcad . The benefits of powerful math software are no longer reserved for advanced students using programming packages . - TransparentMathcad is truly intuitive and easy-to-use . It 's the only calculation tool that allows you to seamlessly work with math in real notation , just as you would using paper and pencil . This ability provides an unparalleled learning experience , so students can focus on developing a true understanding of the mathematical material , not of Mathcad itself . - Widespread.Mathcad 's calculation tools are used daily by millions of engineers and scientists to solve the most demanding problems . As such , it easily handles college-level problems , and will serve students into their professional careers.Mathcad 11 makes it simple to publish and view mathematics on the Web and still read them into Mathcad for further calculation , without needing any special browser plug-ins . This makes Mathcad the ideal Internet Course Authoring Tool .
 This interactive game has 3 sections . One part reads the Poky Little Puppy story with highlights . The second part has activities -- coloring , memory cards with 5 levels , puzzles , and counting . The third part is an explore section where if you click on the pictures on the book , they animate and talk . The narrator 's voice is very pleasant . The music soundtrack is repetitive but pleasant . This is a pleasant , soothing game that is a little challenging , mostly fun to play at the same excitement level as reading a book to a child or coloring a picture . Not as frenetic as Freddi Fish . Similar to I Spy . Appears to be rendered in Macromedia Flash and may run slow for the puzzles activity on Pentium 133s ; everything else ran smoothly . Recommended for 6 and under that can handle mouse dragging .
 I have this software for about 4 months now and have no quams with it . You can set which programs can access the net without issues or you can set strict limitations such that the program -LRB- 1 -RRB- either has to ask permission to enter the net or -LRB- 2 -RRB- can not access the net at all . This is great considering that one my pc 's has spyware that can not be removed . Annoying popups do n't occur anymore as a result of restricting access of these spywares programs from going online . I 'm also using Windows XP and find no compatibility issues when using ZAW Security , which another big plus . All in all a good program , especially for the price I got it for -LRB- 19.99 -RRB-
 I used QB 99 back in 99 when it was new and loved it . So easy to set up and use . I could n't find where I stored it and bought another software program and hated it ! So when I found QB on the site I bought it and threw out the other.QB is definetly the way to go . I 'd recommend to anybody .
 This software was released 11 years ago now , I bought it when it first came out . I believe I bought it from Amazon in its early days before Amazon was actually making a profit . I beleieve I paid about $ 75 for it.This software was created for Windows 3.1 / WIndows 95 -LRB- and pre-OSX Mac -RRB- . However , it will still run on any 32-bit Windows operating system . Over the years , this software has proven to keep on ticking - I have personally re-installed and run this software on every computer I have purchased since I bought this software - Windows 3.1 , 95 , 98 , 2000 , XP , Vista and Windows 7 . Make sure you take note that all of these versions of Windows were the 32-bit versions , as this software will not run on 64-bit systems -LRB- the 16-but subsystems this software requires have been removed from 64-bit versions of Windows -RRB- . I am currently running this software on a 32-bit Windows 7 system and it runs great . It helped me pass my college math tests and now it 's helping my kids in grade school and high school.If you must buy an alternative to this product , get Math Advantage 2008 -LRB- make sure it 's 2008 , not the more recent versions , which are horrible -RRB- . The 2008 version of Math Advatange is basically the updated version fo this software package -LRB- software was actually developed by The Learning Company and re-sold by Encore Software -RRB- . As to the first reviewer of this product , yes , I have all 6 original CD 's and I 'd be happy to get the Calculus CD to you online . You do n't get my original , but I 'll get an ISO image file to you that you can burn - after all , you did pay for it.I 'll take screen shots of the packaging and upload to this page because I 'm such a fan of this software . It 's crossed over from acknowlegement of good software to that of sentimentality at this point .5 stars , this software is STILL unmatched in online math education . This software is one of the few software released that I would actually call a real true-to-life `` killer app '' -LRB- a software package that is so good/valuable that it 's worth the purchase of the computer you install it on -RRB- . Get it while you can , this software has n't been in production for a decade . If you ca n't get it , get the modern version of it that is ALMOST as good -LRB- as good as it 's going to get -RRB- - Math Advantage 2008 . Make sure it 's the 2008 version , not 2009 or 2010 .
 A teacher friend says this interactive teacher program is a real gem amongst others , i.e. the best of the lot.I had read that it works with Window 3.1 and 95 . Does anyone know if it will work with either XP or Windows Vista also?I have a used copy on the way but it will arrive without the Calculus CD . Is there an owner of this program that 's willing to sell their Calculus CD ? If so please contact me here ? Thank you .
 Kidspeak Spanish is the perfect way to enterain while educating your child . Exposure to a second language is nothing but good and the younger it happens the easier it becomes to learn . In this program there are so many fun games and activities for your child to enjoy . It will teach them some basics like the alphabet , telling time , names of the days and months , simple phrases and sentences , ect . My children really enjoy this and use it all the time . I would recomend this to anyone child it is simply a great product .
 If you want to keep your child entertained but at the same time have them learning then this is the way to do it . KidSpeak Spanish taught my child how to speak some basic Spanish through entertaining cartoon characters , games , activites and more . KidSpeak is great for young kids to learn and have fun with . My child found KidSpeak fun time and time again and , not only did he enjoy it , but he learned immensly from it . I highly suggest using KidSpeak for entertaining and educating your child . This has to be one of the best language learning software for children out there .
 My son and daughter ca n't get enough of this . Even when they are n't using it they run around the house saying words in Spanish . There are so many games and activities with good animation that keep them entertained for hours . All these games taught my kids how to greet , tell time , animals , understand simple sentences , and more all in Spanish . In the end , this product is all it says it is , a fun and very good language education software for kids .
 Your kid will love this and its educational too . My child spends lots of time with this having fun and learning to speak begining Spanish at the same time . You ca n't go wrong with getting your child this , they will enjoy it !
 KidSpeak 6-in-1 is an awesome product for kids to have fun with and learn several languages -LRB- Spanish , French , German , Italian , Japanese , Hebrew -RRB- . The animation is very fun and my kids really love this . I love the fact that my child will talk to me in a different language and I 'm sure other parents would agree . When it comes down to it , Transparent Language did an awesome job with this software and I could n't be more satisfied with it .
 this softeware is great fun and learning . My 5 year old niece spends a half hour at a time or more on this program that I bought for my own children . I am now buying her her own copy .
 My review makes reference to the French language section -LRB- I have not used the other ones -RRB- I have a 7 year old , who enjoys this software a lot . I love that the sound quality is very good , and the pronuncioation is perfect . There is plenty of vocabulary to practice . I think this is a really good complement to any language program.I believe that both , beginners and more advanced students 6-10 would enjoy and benefit from it.Featured vocabulary
 KidSpeak 6-in-1 is my child 's favorite thing to do on the computer . There are many fun games and activities to do in KidSpeak which teaches a child foreign language . The cartoon animation and the characters are very entertaining for my child who spends hours at a time playing this game . This is a good way to have a child exposed to foreign languages which are easier to learn at a younger age . Before you know it , your child will be talking to you in another language . KidSpeak 6-in-1 has 6 languages included with it -LRB- Spanish , French , German , Italian , Japanese and Hebrew -RRB- meaning there is plenty for a child to learn and do in the program . I would recomend this program for all children because it is educational yet fun at the same time .
 Course OverviewThis course series will help individuals prepare for certification exam 70-059 . This exam is an elective for MCSE certification . To become a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer you are required to pass four operating systems exams and two elective exams that provide a valid and reliable measure of technical proficiency and expertise.Learn ToMicrosoft Class - 688 Internetworking Microsoft TCP/IP on Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 AudienceThis course series is intended for professionals seeking MCSE certification.Deployment Optionse-LearningAccreditationNASBA credits
 I was using NAV 2004 and this one installed easily and has been working great on my XP SP2 machine .
 I have been getting notices that someone is trying to get on my computer and Norton stops them .
 I just purchased NAV 2005 for my gateway , windows xp my last NAV was from 2002 . I started to load the product but got an error message so I went to Symantec website and learned you must uninstall the previous NAV before installing the new one . After that , everything went very smoothly . I even have a wireless network with 3 seperate computers in my house -LRB- a family member set it up for me , Im not that computer savy -RRB- I was afraid the new SAV would interfere with it somehow but everything is working great . So dont give up on NAV just remember to uninstall your old one before loading the new one
 I love NAV 2005 ! I have used Norton Antivirus for years and have been quite happy with it . The virus definitions are continually being updated . It 's very easy to use and quite good at finding viruses/worms and removing them . I upgraded from NAV 2004 and the installation process went very smoothly .
 I read all the reviews and really had reservations in installing it , but I went for it . Installed both under 10 minutes on a brand new notebook without a single problem.OS - XP Pro It 's now 2 days later , and they work perfectly , and very happy with these new versions . I do n't know what planet all the bad review come from -LRB- maybe people who stock in other companies -RRB- .
 I 've had this antivirus on my computer for nearly a year , and have n't had a single problem . McAfee shipped with my computer , and it caused several problems in addition to being annoying . But Norton has run unobtrusively and perfectly from the moment it was installed . Just to note , I installed it after a thorough cleaning by my wonderful tech -LRB- my comp had some serious issues , and McAfee had n't handled them well -RRB- .
 I 've recently been reading a ton of complaints around the web about the Symantec Norton Antivirus and Internet Security Suite of software . The following little review has been written in response to those complaints : One of the biggest complaints that I read about Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security is the cost . For me , however , the annual upgrade on Norton Products always ends up free -- at least it has since the turn of the millenium . Inevitably if you wait long enough their rebates come out that make the upgrade to the new product absolutely cost free . This holds true even with their full suite which may retail at $ 70 , but I 've managed to get 5 copies for various computers I manage at a final cost to me of $ 0 . Actually , with Amazon.com because I get a discount because of the A9 search engine , I think I 've managed to earn a couple of bucks by installing Norton Internet Security . Next year , I 'll use the rebates to do the same.With Internet Security , the concerns of many people who are against Norton and Symantec -LRB- especially firewall -RRB- with the exception of the resource hog issue -LRB- Symantec really needs to address this issue -RRB- are handled.Symantec needs to fix their technical service side of things by offering free help of at least some sort . They need to tone down the issues of resource hogging . But as lon as they offer me free upgrades every year and consistently maintain virus-free computers -LRB- 6 years virus free on all on the computers I 've managed
 I have been using Norton for antivirus for years.It 's the best in the market.And for the new one I purchased , I got two rebates backin less than two weeks ! Great company , handsdown .
 Should you upgrade ? Well , kind of , I tend always upgrade to the latest from Symantec . For this version I only recommend that you upgrade to `` Norton Anti-virus 2005 '' , no major differences except for a more sleeker interface and the obvious PC performance drop . Does n't even include features your getting for free in Windows like a FireWall , which comes free with SP2 for Windows XP . The introduction of technology such as Activation was not smooth , and caused a lot of headaches which only makes the product less embracing than it use to be.Symantec needs focus on areas such as Speed , Seamless Integration with Windows , obviously it has lost it . My next purchase from Symantec wo n't be in the retail line , but from Enterprise space . The Corporate Edition of Norton Antivirus , it offers all the tools I want for protecting my PC , yes it cost a lot and its targetted towards the Large Networks , but it is so subtle and easy to use and it does not bog down your PC.So , should you upgrade?If recently purchased System Works 2004 or Norton 2004 or any of the Symantec line of products at least wait until your one year subscription is up . Because that 's what you buy a utility program for , to keep updated against the latest attacks .
 Most of the other reviews here were enough to almost dissuade me from getting NAV 2005 -LRB- reviews of SystemWorks 2005 did keep me from trying it ! -RRB- , but since I was going to get it essentially for free after tax software and upgrade rebates , I thought I 'd try it before deciding to get other antivirus software.Like another reviewer , I am also running XP Pro with SystemWorks 2003 and NAV 2004 . I had no problems installing NAV 2005 -LRB- and I did not have to uninstall anything first -RRB- , and my system and NAV and SystemWorks have all been running fine for weeks now . Makes me wish I 'd tried SystemWorks 2005 -LRB- which I also could have gotten for free after a rebate in a bundle with Personal Firewall -RRB- . Maybe next year ...
 I 'm in computer support so I know what a pain in the butt some Norton programs can be . Having said that Norton AntiVirus 2005 is still a good product . I use it and update it every year without problem . The virus detection is still the best I 've found and I say that having tried a lot of big brand antivirus solutions before . Why then the multitude of complaints ? Most people will pin it on Norton and rightfully so when referring to their ` all in one solutions . ' But if you choose to buy Norton AV 2005 -LRB- and I stand by it -RRB- here 's a few basic tips
 I 've had no problems with installation or scanning process . It works fine for me . I have no idea why so many people have given negative reviews here.My only complaint is that it does n't fix adware -LRB- which btw norton claims is a non-viral threat -RRB- .
 I installed Norton Antivirus 2005 about 10 days ago on a computer with Windows XP Home SP2 . I followed the installation instructions -LRB- manually uninstall Norton Antivirus 2002 , reboot , and install 2005 -RRB- and have had no problems at all .
 Faced with an expiring trial version of Norton 's Anti-Virus 2004 , I went to renew my subscription to keep the program up-to-date . Finding that it would only be a few dollars more to upgrade to the 2005 version , which included a new one-year subscription , I decided to go the upgrade route . Before I did , I checked reviews of the new version , including reviews on Amazon.There certainly is a wide variety of opinion on this product . After reviewing all available information , and in spite of a lot of negative reviews , I decided to go ahead and upgrade to the 2005 version . Bear in mind , this addresses only the Anti-Virus program , not the whole Internet Security suite , which I did not purchase.I have a notebook that is a couple of months old . It has a 1.4 GHz Celeron M processor with 512MB of RAM . As I mentioned , it came with a limited trial version of Norton 's Anti-Virus 2004 installed , and everything worked just fine . I installed the upgrade to Anti-Virus 2005 and have had no problems with the change . Yes , it took a while to install . The actual installation took somewhere between ten and fifteen minutes , with an initial total system virus scan taking another half hour on my computer -LRB- which I could have skipped if I had wanted to -RRB- . This is a pretty long install time , but that did n't really matter to me . I was only installing it on one computer and had no need to rush through the installation . Heck , I was watching TV while it installed , so no time lost for me.As for a performance hit , I have not detected any difference . I have not been able to verify the supposed slower loading of web pages . It seemed that there might be a very slight delay , but I could n't see it consistently , nor did it affect my browsing to any degree at all.I did not let Norton close down the Microsoft firewall as they recommended . I would rather keep it running than to rely only on Norton to watch for worms . This does not seem to have affected the function of the AV program.My experience has so far been positive . A long install time ? Yes , but I 'm not installing it every day . Affect the speed of my browsing or any other computer functions ? Nothing that is noticeable , or at least the 2005 version does not appear to have any more impact than the 2004 version did . I have no problem recommending an upgrade from Norton Anti-Virus 2004 to the 2005 version .
 It appears that most users were having problems with the older versions of Norton Antivirus 2005 . The reviews mainly say that the software was buggy during it 's initial release in late 2004 . I just purchased it a few weeks ago and I find that once it has upgraded itself , the software is easy to use , and not as buggy as early users depicted it as . Since Symantec has had time to revise and rebuild parts of their software , it has become much more stable and easier to use ; resulting in a superior software program to its competitors .
 I 've used Norton Antivirus for years . I tried Macafee once in college , and although it found all the viruses on my system , it was unable to clean any of them . Norton saved me.I read a lot of reviews that made me anxious about 2005 's Norton Antivirus , but I have n't had any of the installation or execution problems that people complained of . In fact , it 's working better for me than last year 's version . Wish I could offer an explanation as to what caused problems for those that had them , but I did n't have to do anything other than follow the standard directions to get mine to work right . I just uninstalled my previous version , and installed this one .
 The Norton AntiVirus 2005 expands its work by protecting your computer from internet worms , before they get into your computer , and also defends against spyware and certain other non-virus threats including adware and keystroke logging programs . That is a big change from 2004 , providing great anti-virus protection and going outside that arena to stop other bothersome attacks.I have used Norton AntiVirus Software for years and have never had a malicious attack without the software catching the culprit and advising of the destruction or procedure to follow . Great software and a piece of mind to know that it is active on your compupter .
 I finally quit renewing my subscription for Norton AV 2002 , and upgraded to Norton AV 2005 . The scanning features are great , and effective against the new viral threats of today . The system scan works without slowing down my computer , so I 'm able to surf the Net or run other applications while scanning . The user interface is easy enough for a novice , but well detailed for advanced users . I like how Norton AV lets you in on what 's going on , and allows you to ` fine-tune ' crucial settings.I had no installation problems ... you wo n't either as long as you read the instructions!Norton AV 2005 now includes scanning for spyware , and a firewall as well . I shut down my anti-spyware program temporarily to test Antivirus , and the Norton AV found some spyware and deleted it with ease . I 'm happy with the Firewall included in Windows Service Pack 2 , so I decided to keep using it instead of Norton 's firewall.I do n't know where all the negative reviews came from , but I 'm very comfortable with Norton AV 2005 . Get this Antivirus , use Windows 's Firewall , get a reliable pop-up ad blocker free off the Internet , and you should be set !
 I purchased Norton AV and Internet Security to use on a Compaq with 512MB and an AMD K6 processor running Win 98 . Norton Internet Security would not run . NAV would occassionally hang up the system . I uninstalled it off that machine and put it on a new system running Win XP with an AMD Athlon and 512MB . On that system , it was trouble-free . I also purchased NAV stand-alone for my laptop -LRB- cheaper than upgrading -RRB- with an AMD Athlon 64-bit , 512MB DDR , and Win XP with no problems at all.I have previously used Mcafee , but prefer NAV . Mcafee had an auto-renew feature that would automatically charge your credit card for a renewal without any warning . Mcafee would also put annoying pop-up adverting messages for other Mcafee products on my screen from the antivirus software . I could not find a way to turn it off.What I like best about NAV is that it always let you know exactly what it is doing , it has an easy-to-use interface , and gives you the option of whether to renew your subscription or not .
 Usually I get Norton AV for a low price because of the rebates that come with buying tax software . So price is n't an issue.I had major problems w / Mcaffees AV a few years ago and it caused a major system crash . This was before the days of system restore . Maybe it 's improved but I 'm wary of that manufacturer . I 've stuck with Norton the last few years and it never caused any problems . My only negative is that the scan drive slows the system so you ca n't do anything else , even surf the web . I turned off the auto scan so that it does n't turn on if I 'm doing something and it causes a program to crash . After doing that it does n't interfere w / anything . It has caught some infected e-mails so it seems to be doing its job .
 I 've got an old XP PC that I use this on . The old XP machine does n't like the newer stuff and this works great for me , and plus the price was amazing
 This was one of the best AV solutions of its time . Did n't eat up a lot of resources like versions made after this by Symantec and other AV vendors . No performance hit on a P4 3GHz . I run a Mac 99 % of the time at home so only use free AV solutions now .
 Considering that the laptop was a 98 second edition OS , the Anti-Virus was able to be installed and works ...
 We used to have Norton AntiVirus Corporate Edition 7.0 on more than three dozen PCs with Windows 98SE and Windows 2000 Professional , for 5 + years . Recently - few weeks ago - upgraded to Symantec AntiVirus 10.0 -LRB- some computers with , and some without firewall part of Symantec Client Security 3.0 suite ; all with Windows 2000 Professional , as SCS3 .0 supports Windows 200x/XP only -RRB- . Computers are very different , from Pentium II 300 MHz to Pentium 4 2.8 GHz , but all running without a hitch . Now installed NAV 2005 at home -LRB- Pentium III 450 MHz , 640 MB RAM , Windows 2000 Professional -RRB- . Same great result !
 Norton AntiVirus 2005 was difficult to install . Previous elements of 2004 could not be unistalled which prevented installation of 2005 . After many attempts on the internet with Symantec I was unable to completely install 2005 . Finally , I was able to obtain a Priority Number from Symantec to talk to a technician who said there was a few problems in the program that prevented the complete deletion of the 2004 program features that inturn blocked installation of 2005 . Anyway , after talking to the technician -LRB- in India -RRB- for about 50 minutes , he walked me through many gyrations that corrected the problem . Now , so far the program is doing what it is supposed to be doing -LRB- after about 5 weeks -RRB- , so I guess it is successful !!!???
 Installed this program on top of Norton AV 2004 . Windows XP , SP2 and Microsoft software . Not a single problem . After rebates , ended up costing $ 0 . I 've upgraded for three years , and have never had any issues with the software -- have not had the need for tech support , so ca n't comment on the service . Overall , very pleased -- would recommend if you are using updated software and hardware -LRB- without many `` cool '' tweeks -RRB- .
 Not much to say . Norton anti-virus seems to protect me as I wanted it to . The Liveupdate function keeps my virus protection current without my having to remember to do the updates
 I read all the reviews about having problems with installs . I just installed Antivirus 2005 and did not have a problem . Now I must say I installed it on a pretty much fresh install of Windows XP . The only complaint I have is I had to run LiveUpdate about 4 times to finish the install . Please note I did not say Norton Antivirus 2005 is perfect , I just did not have the install problems everyone else is noting .
 I installed this product on two seperate computers in my home ... one running Win98 and the other WinXP . Both systems had Norton '03 installed . Installation of Norton '05 was straight forward and easy on both systems . Both systems have worked properly since installation about 1WK ago .
 As with most programs for computers you must uninstall the previous version before installing the newer version , unless it specifically says NOT TO . `` it did n't tell me too uninstall the old version '' is not an excuse , do n't be the child that got caught saying `` I did n't know '' you know what you response to that would be.of the 6 reviews ALL had NAV 03 . To those that plan to purchase ... uninstall ALL anti virus software first , same with firewall . Two antivirus or firewall programs on one computer is like two people trying to drive the same car at the same time ... chances are you will run into a tree .
 Great deal for the upgrade with the whole rebate deal , however , I have a problem with the firewall and can not find out how to get through it . I run dreamweaver and now I can not upload or connect to my servers w/o clicking on the turn windows firewall off ... what is up?Other than that , great product .
 I especially appreciated Norton honoring their rebate offers . A year ago McAfee did n't think I sent the right stuff to them for their rebate and I did n't have time to argue with them . Symantec mailed me $ 40 back within a few weeks , woo-hoo ! Norton 's works alittle more covertly than did McAffee , but sometimes that produces some paranoia that it 's not there . But I have had no problems.I did recognize the higher memory requirments of Nortons . Just look at all the stuff in the Task Manager and you can see it requires more memory . But it has not noticably slowed my computer . I have a Pentium 4 , 2 GigHz , 224 MB memory.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because of its memory heaviness . Even though I ca n't really sense much of a slow down . I 'm sure at times it must slow it down.Sincerely
 Have used Norton since 2001 version.Purchased even though I could get MacFee free from AOL
 NAV is the easiest antivirus software to use . I highly recommend it .
 Installed and ran without a hitch . The reviews were scary , but I had no problem .
 I think this is a first rate product , which does what it says it will do , and support and updates are great.I think that the renewal fee for the annual update program are abit too high , you can usually find a new year product for the price of a renewal .
 i almost did not buy this because of the bad reviews , but it was needed and cheap . I hooked it up quickly with no problems and have still had no trouble in the two months that i have had it .
 I have been using Norton AntiVirus for about 15 years and this version is very easy to install and use . I would recommend it .
 This replaced an earlier version of NAV . It was easy to install and appears to be working flawlessly . I would recommend it to other potential users .
 I used to be a McAfee fan . I had their anti-virus program and then their net security suite but the spam blocker was seriously screwing over my email so I uninstalled it . Well my regular McAfee expired and I have never tried Norton so I went ahead and got Norton 2005 . I have it installed on both my new laptop -LRB- dell 6000 -RRB- and on my machine that I built.It installed with * zero * issues . Has never crashed and my computer is not slow or anything.My laptop has 512mb of ram and XP sp2My desktop has 1gig of ram and XP sp2I guess I should consider myself lucky that I somehow avoided the problems everyone else is having . I did n't check these reviews or I would have just stuck with McAfee to be safe.As a side note -- what happened to the good ol days when virus definitions were FREE ?!?!?! Even the engine upgrades were -- at least for a time being . I guess it was only logical for them to end up with subscription services ... oh well
 I had no problems installing nor did I have problems running other programs . I have used Norton 's since 1997 and have had no problems that I could n't fix in a short time .
 Best Antivirus to be used and its necessary for the computer , best use for the value ...
 The product came quickly . It was easy to install by following the instructions . It works fine . I have Zonelabs firewall and it works fine with it .
 I was really scared when I read some reviews but I decided to buy Norton 2005 because my notebook came with Norton 2004 60 day free update . **** Installation was very easy and no problem -LRB- no need to uninstall 2004 -RRB- . **** I can not feel any negative deference between Norton 2004 and 2005 -LRB- speed , paformance etc. . . -RRB- . So , if you bought cheep PC -LRB- Celeron 320 , 1.3 GHz , 512kb , 256MB -RRB- , if it came with XP Service Pack 2 and Norton antivirus 2004 , this is not a bad choice.I ca n't rate it 5 star just because I am not the expert for internet security .
 I own a IBM laptop , and I consider myself a computer expert . I used Norton Antivirus , since the version 2002 . No problems whatsoever . I do not use a fast pentium 4 3 ghz computer . I use a pentium 3 800mhz with 384mb of ram , and 60gb Hard drive . I have upgraded from Norton Antivirus 2002 to 2003 to 2004 and to 2005 . I think 2005 is the best version ever . The design is much better than the 2004 , and the virus protection is superb . No problem whatsoever . I have read from other reviews that product does n't work well , and has conflicts . I did not notice any conflict , except with the Mcafee Firewall , telling me to get rid of norton , and buy Mcafee Virus Scan . I use Mcafee Firewall , because I personally think that 's the most convinient for me . Other than that , there are no problems whatsoever with this software .
 I have a variety of computers with a variety of operating systems . 2005 was incredibly lousy on my older machines -- every bad thing people have said is true on ME , etc. . But , on XP and with a relatively modern/powerful machine , 2005 worked like a charm . Its resource hog issues will not be a problem , as there are so many available . Certainly , it 's a wonderful program to run if you 're looking for a bargain at this date and/or if you like to use a third-party firewall and do n't want to have to deal with switching off a suite 's firewall features with those attendant problems . For these purposes , it 's a good stand-alone anti-virus , and I would n't hesitate to recommend it as such to those with newer machines .
 I just installed 2005 in place of 2003 . Installation went smooth.No need to remove 2003 or 2004 because 2005 does the removal automatically.It 's still a little slow on full system scan but everything else works fine .
 When I was installing this product , I had a few of the problems that are described above . Fortunately , I found a FAQ on the norton site on how to get around these issues.When it was completely installed , I 've got to say I was quite impressed with it 's capabilities . The fact that it scans ALL incoming web pages is impressive . As you can imagine , my 1.7 Ghz Celeron could n't keep up . So , my web pages were loading about 30 % slower . Oh well , just an excuse to go pay $ 2OO to get a new P4 3.2 Ghz CPU.So , in short this 2005 version will protect you from viruses even more , but it may also slow down your computer.I 've not tried it yet w / XP SP2 , and would be interested to hear people 's comments on that .
 With today 's computers inevitably connected to the Internet , it is crucial that you put a virus scanner your PC . It is also key to get regular updates . Norton has one of the best virus software packages available , and I did n't find it difficult to install at all -LRB- mind you , I 'm an IT professional , so I am not saying it would be easy for everyone -RRB- . I do n't recommend all of the other Norton products -LRB- e.g. Firewall , SystemWorks -RRB- for beginners , because configuring them takes quite a bit of work and it is not for novices . Do n't confuse this virus software with packages that include other , more complex software.I have relied on this software at home and work for the last 4 years , and it is part of the reason that I have been virus free ! Make sure you enable LiveUpdate and regularly scan your machine !
 Very easy to install and is obviously one of the best preventatives . I was however , very disappointed by the rebate offer which had very small print . Advertised as offering at least a $ 20 rebate , I was under the impression that you just had to send in proof of purchase . However , you needed to send in something from the previous model -LRB- first page from user 's manual or receipt you had received at time of original installation -RRB- . I could not find these -LRB- was never told to keep them -RRB- and therefore , had to pay full price without getting a rebate . EXTREMELY UNFAIR !!
 the customer service of Norton is totally unreachable and therefore of no value
 Have n't had any problems with this program . My machine is powerful . I use XP service pack 2 . So far , it 's unobtrusive . And it works . I suspect lots of people having problems are either using inferior machines , or do n't know what they 're doing -LRB- anti-virus is only as smart as the end-user -RRB- . Highly recommend this program .
 I am running Norton Anti virus 2005 and I have had no problems at all . I have 3 friends running the same with absolutely no problems . Everyone I know who has had problems are on dial up connections . That seems to be the problem . My computer is free from viruses and spyware . I have checked it with several free programs and they found nothing .
 Item was received fast and works perfectly . Very happy with Amazon service
 I have used Norton AntiVirus in the past and find it keeps many of the bugs out of my computer . So far this edition is running fine .
 I 've been a long time user of Norton and just updated to the 2005 version . I had a easy installation of my latest update . There are prompts throughout for the first time user of the product or novice computer user to make this a user friendly installation . I highly recommend this product !
 I was a little worried about slower reponse when upgrading to NAV 2005 from NAV 2004 . I 'm running a Celeron 3 @ 1.2 GHz & .5 G RAM . However , response times appear the same as NAV 2004 . Concerns about NAV 2005 requiring at least Pentium 4 processor levels seem overblown .
 I have used Norton products since the early 80 's . I have rarely had a problem with them . AntiVirus 2005 installed easily and I have had no issues . I would highly recommend this product to anyone and everyone . I found that McAfee slowed down my computer wherease Norton did not .
 I have been using the Norton Anti-Virus 2005 solution for almost a month . I feel that it is the best anti-virus solution so far , even far better than the `` revered '' Norton Anti-Virus 2003 . I believe the Norton Anti-Virus 2004 was the worst of the worst . By the time my registration to Norton Anti-Virus 2004 had expired , I was garnering at times between 80 and 120 infections at one setting . Since I installed Norton Anti-Virus 2005 , the infection rate hovers between 0 and 7 ; at times it could go up to 15 infections , but that is if I do not use ant-Spyware/Adware solutions like Spy Bouncer and Registry Cleaner for a long time . However , there is no doubt that Norton Anti-Virus 2005 is a much improved version over the Norton Anti Virus 2003 and 2004 solutions . It has kept most of the infectious bugs at bay and I would like to hang onto Norton Anti-Virus 2005 for someime to come . From experience , I have learnt that the Norton Anti-Virus solutions may not impove each year . For instance the 2003 version was far better than the 2004 version . May be , I am supersititious . However , from my observations , it seems Symantec seems to produce better anti-virus solutions in odd rather than even years . i.e. the 2003 and 2005 versions were far better than the 2002 and 2004 versions . The Norton Anti-Virus 2006 may be around the corner , but I will not rush to buy it because of its still untested newness . Let me pray that the Norton Anti-Virus 2005 is regularly updated . I will prefer to stick with this 2005 version for sometime to come .
 My daughter had a virus problem that shut down her whole system , after using Norton Antivirus 2005 , she was able to restore her computer 's functions without a costly resolution .
 I started using Norton Anti-Virus a few years ago , and it has never failed me . This version is no diffrent .
 I used this in two months.It is okey but my compuet is slower because of this nothon antivirus .
 I just upgraded my 2002 edition to the 2005 . I did n't have any problems at all and it installed quickly . It it easier to use than the older versions and I am very pleased with it . I also upgraded my Firewall to 2005 .
 Head to suse 's website suse dot com and goto downloads and get their 9.1 live cd . This will not install the software but at least verify -LRB- In most cases -RRB- that it will work for you . If you 're using a USB keyboard turn off `` Legacy USB Support '' first or your keyboards will not work properly . For those saying they 're getting kernel panic 's and their windows partitions are wiped is probably becuase you tried to resize your windows partition which is alwasy dangerous . Use partition magic and not Suse 's repartitioner . If you install to seperate HD then you 'll be fine and suse will automatically detect the windows partition and put it in the boot loader so you can choose windows or linux at boot . AMD64 Version is about 30-50 % faster . And screams on dual opteron machines !
 Linux a tried and true OS that is more stable and more flexible than Windows . Linux is n't for everyone but if you decide Linux is for you or want to give it a try ... SuSE is very easy to use . Installing packages on SuSE 9.1 is as easy as using MS 's Windows Update and you have complete control over your operating system.As Linux distro 's go SuSE is very user friendly and comes some great software for playing music & videos -LRB- might have to a little tweaking due to DMCA laws to get your free DVD codec -LRB- s -RRB- but that easy -- lots 's of HOWTO 's available for just this thing -RRB- , burning CD 's and DVD 's , email , chat , word processing , finances , photo editing , games , web surfing , scientific programming , look at star maps , etc. . This list goes on and on.Using SuSE linux is no more difficult than using Tivo or your VCR -LRB- probably even less so these days -RRB- and really less complicated than other highly technical tasks that you every day -LRB- like drive a car -RRB- . If you are interested in Linux , then give SuSE 9.1 a try . If your not too interested in server applications or some programming , scientific apps then you might to consider Suse 9.1 personal which is about $ 30 .
 JonJon21 wrote
 Well , Suse has come out with their next version . Most of the `` new '' features are things that you may not see per se . Suse has done a lot of tweaking under the hood so you have to read up on the distro to see the enhancements . Like the 2.6 kernel , or it 's new hyperthreading technology . But enough babble ... let 's get to the heart of this thing.Suse has a proprietary installer as well as several other proprietary components which make it a near impossibility that the distro will ever offer a free download again . You can download and install by ftp but that is something most people with a dial-up do n't want to do -- or ca n't do . As another reviwer pointed out , if you have new hardware , get the live CD first and see if your hardware can run Suse.I installed version 9.1 on a machine that has a history of running Linux nearly perfectly . Every time I have installed Suse , there is some surprise that I have encountered . But I have managed to get it working and performing as a stable platform . For this , I give Suse 9.1 4 stars.But I hesitate to say `` It 's the greatest '' because of the problems that I have had with the distro every time . There is always some bug or `` something '' that does n't work right with my equipment -- which leads to my next point.Every reviewer 's rating is accurate based upon that individual 's experience . And I can say with a great degree of certainty that those with poor reviews simply had a bad install or little hardware support -- for the most part . -LRB- Goodness knows that there are a myriad of things that can happen during an install -RRB- . And those with good reviews had a good experience . So keep this in mind when reading the reviews . Your mileage may vary.It 's based on your knowledge , your hardware , and your determination to get the system up and running . And if you have no hardware support , no amount of persistence or knowledge will change it.So , overall , I rate this distro on par with the other versions but with the same `` gotchas '' that the other versions have had . And when Mandrake , Libranet and other distros run on the same machine just fine , it has to be the distro 's fault.The best thing to do is test the distro for yourself and if it does n't work , get another distro -- preferably Mandrake as it is comparable to Suse and has excellent hardware support .
 After using suse 9.1 for a while I have come to the conclusion that it is an excellent distro . But ... beware the USB hotplugging functionality . It is virtually broken in 9.1 . If you have or are using 9.0 where just about everything worked , and want to have easy USB key functionality , it is my recommendation that you do n't even bother getting 9.1 and just wait until 9.2 or the Novell desktop hits the streets . I have tons of USB devices in the form of flash keys and a USB multi-media reader and I was appalled to find that they would n't work automatically . Suse appears to be ignoring the many unsatisfied users ' cries for a resolution to this travesty as this kind of situation is n't covered in the 90-day or so installation support and they will just ignore your requests or just straight tell you `` sorry , we ca n't help you . '' Frustrating , as everything -LRB- especially this -RRB- seemed to just work fine in SuSE 9.0 . Countless forum trips and lengthy post after another from many knowledgeable fellow Suse users have not been able to cure it . The only way is to disable supermount and manually stick entries into the / etc/fstab file and hope your devices mount to the directories you specify . A big headache for those that want to just plug in their keys and go.Consider this .
 I do n't know why other 's are having such a hard time with this . Perhaps they just need to learn a bit more about Linux :p The install itself was flawless and I had no problems whatsoever . After booting and logging in there where the normal problems with my sound blaster live card , but nothing that could n't be fixed with a little bit of work . This seems to be a constant problem and not related to Suse Linux in any way . I used to run Mandrake 10 , and expected the speed and mouse click anticipation what everyone had been talking about . It was n't there for me till I installed Suse . Overall any Linux ditro is not without it 's problems . Yes , Yast takes a bit to load as has been mentioned , but that is no reason to complain . Overall I am 100 % satisfied with my choice of Suse Linux . If you are thinking about Suse now is the time . It will only get better from here .
 Did a `` Standard Desktop Install '' , leaving all the defaults pretty much in place . Added a few applications . SuSE recognized and correctly configured all my hardware.I installed on a box based on a shuttle small-form factor PC
 I tried the live CD version to see if any hardware problems I would have . Only the sound card was an issue . The manufacturer only had a driver for RH 7.3 . No problem got it mostly for the server functions and it is going on a spare PC . It has more packages than you can count.http : / / www.suse.com/us/private/products/suse_linux/prof/packages_professional/index_group.htmlhttp://www.suse.com/en/private/products/suse_linux/prof/winprice.htmlI would use Partition Commander or System Commander to safely resize your windows partitions if you have no free partitions or drives . I have been in the Linux/Unix OSes for a year now and this works well . I have used Knoppix , Red Hat Enterprise Server , Fedora Core 2 , FreeBSD , Solaris , Mandrake , and others . This had an easy install and has many things to get you up and running . I would recommend this for advanced OS users . If you just surf the Internet and play games this is not for you and you can stay with Windows and be ok . Being the best maybe not . But the real good secure OS are definitely harder to configure than this one .
 I have ben using linux for about a year now , and I have NEVER seen a distro as stable as SuSE 9.1 Professional . Mandrake 9.2 / 10.0 are crap , Fedora 2 is crap . Xandros 2.0 Deluxe is stable , but has its bugs . Windows is an insult to technology . Yast2 is GREAT ! Even for RPMs that might not work with YaST work with KPackage . Installation is easier than Windows XP even ! It works great with games too -LRB- you need a gaming emulator for Windows games -LRB- wine does n't work with 3D games -LRB- more info at ` winehq.com ' -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . Being Linux , NVIDIA is a better choice of graphics card because ATI has n't perfected a linux driver , and you can get the NVIDIA driver with YaST and not have to compile it to the Kernel or boot to safe mode or any of that crap . KDE 3.2 is FANTASTIC also . It looks great , and is very stable . It works with laptops too . My dad has a DELL Latitude 840c -LRB- I think -RRB- and it works great . Anyone just building/buying a computer , just sick of crappy/old software , or anyone who does n't want to pay incredibly high prices for Windows etc. , Get SuSE 9.1 Professional Edition .
 I have used SuSE linux since their release 5.2 . Version 9.0 installed and worked flawlessly . Version 9.1 , which I installed clean , not an update , seemed to install without problems , but there are problems configuring the scanner -LRB- the same scanner I have been using with all the previous releases -RRB- , the sound system , and the screensaver.My sound card is the very common Creative Audigy 2 . This worked under 9.0 with no problems other than that not all features of the card were yet supported . Under 9.1 , / var/log/boot . msg shows that the sound system starts , I have configured to card with YAST , but there is no sound.The scanner is an old Microtek X6EL scsi scanner . The boot log shows that the scsi card , and the scanner are recognized . Yet , when I try to use YAST to configure the scanner , no scanner is found . When I try to configure a scsi scanner manually , no scsi devices are found.Yes , the 2.6 kernel is faster -- I have already had to download two replacement kernels , for security reasons , however . The new KDE gui is a little annoying for those of us who do n't want it to be more window-like . On the other hand , YAST has worked so well for the last several versions , that I do n't even know where all the configuration files are -LRB- they 've moved them , do n't you know -RRB- , and have no real desire to edit them by hand again , anyway.Therefore , I 'm afraid I 'm not very happy with what Novel has done with my beloved SuSE . Oh , yeah , the screensaver does n't work either .
 Installed easily , was on the net within 30 minutes , which i thought was rather good since it was the first time ever running linux of any kind . it does seem to be a chore to get wireless networking to work but thats more of a problem with the manufacturer of the wireless equipment . they dont support linux.But my over all expierence with suse is good , yast is impressive a really a plus for new user as myself i feel if your a windows user the graphical interface of suse kde will be a plus as far as other drivers they installed flawlessly . I recommend for a first time user .
 I have upgraded from 9.0 both the 32 bit version -LRB- on my laptop -RRB- and the 64 bit version -LRB- home PC -RRB- . The 64 bit is much faster loading and the KDE desktop feels faster to use . I have had a bit of trouble configuring the Envy24 sound included on my chaintech motherboard , but I have n't been able to get it to work under the Windows XP 64 beta either . Obviously this is a driver issue . My cheap USB sound card works fine though . I am able to use this right now in 64 bit mode and Windows 64 is no where near as useful or as fast -LRB- though to be fair it is still beta -RRB- . The package of included software continues to be impressive . The only reason I boot to windows now is for gaming .
 We are getting much closer to the LINUX desktop - this is the best example I have seen yet .9.1 is actually my first experience with Suse , since I switched from Red Hat after the Fedora fiasco . But thus far I am very pleased .
 The previous review commented on Suse 's proprietary installer . I assume he was referring to YaST . As far as I know , YaST is no longer proprietary -LRB- it used to be but has since been changed -RRB- and this has n't stopped Suse from allowing you to download the personal edition for free from their site . This allows you to see if Professional might be something you would want to by for it 's added software.I found hardware support to be better than ever , with improvements over my prevous version of Suse 8.2 pro .
 While back I was having lots of trouble with My win2k pro especally when I rebuilt My systems to 64 bit.Red Hat handled it but I didnt like the rpm Linux to much and found Myself trying to go back to windows which had a problem supporting 64 bit so I started looking towards maybe trying out Debian untill a good friend/tech talked Me into giving SuSE 9.1 Pro a try.While windows can support 64 bit in xp I knew I wouldnt run xp , thats a story in itself ... I was alittle skeptical at first but soon as I recieved My box set , and installed it I immediatly fell in love and wont even consider another OS ... If amazon.com wasnt limiting I would give SuSE Pro more then 5 stars easily!Once I installed , I was surprised to find I didnt miss one thing that windows offered , actually to My surprise was even better then what windows had to offer such as Vim and Kwrite over note pad and word pad for My programming and coding.Im not sure if Red Hat comes with it now , but My SuSE 9.1 Pro came with not only Gaim , but Kopete which I like so much better then msn messanger including with msn plus added , Kopete just blows msn messenger/w plus away , userability , functionally , etc and seems to handle connect times much better too then msn messenger . Logs right in with no problems = -RRB- Also came with many many other messangers to choose from which you can log in to msn , yahoo , aim , icq and jabber along with a big list of irc chat clients to choose from such as the new x-chat , Ksirc , KVirc 3 , GnomeICU messenger for icq/aol , Konversation , Gabber etc. . . But I stick with Kopete and X-chat ... I also noticed the Netscape browser that came with My SuSE was so much better then the netscape for windows . It seems to handle plug ins so much better , actually accepts more HTML then windows internet explorer and so far not one crash . I didnt care much for the windows netscape but I love the Linux version even better then Mozilla FireFox ... Kind of like x-chat I suppose , I didnt like the x-chat for windows at all , mirc is to exploitable which was why I wanted to stay away from it but it was very customisable , but the new x-chat for Linux thats packed with SuSE is awsome in KDE enviroment , and also very hackable to customise the source to build your own tools or add others , much like the -LSB- / a -RSB- in mirc but much nicer and goes thru the config files instead and also its not exploitable ; PI seen 9.2 is out but Im going to stick with My 9.1 for awhile , Im really enjoying this and enjoy learning new things as well with My SuSE in an extreamly comfortable , kewl enviroment.I will say this though , well ... I do miss somethings from windows that I dont get with SuSE Linux , such as those nifty neat-o blue screens and all that way kewl down time , corrupted and/or missing files , constant error messages that dont explain a thing , one app crashing but forces you to crash your entire system , and lets not forget everybodies family fun fill adventure packed favorite ... 3 thousand reboots a day =-RRB- ... NOT ! ! ! Power ov the Green Geco Lizard!Enjoy B - -RRB-
 I 'm actually writing this review on Suse 9.1 Pro . Best money I 've ever spent . Most of my computing is done on a Linux box even though I 'm getting an MCSE . 9.1 is by far the best yet and I 'll continue to support SuSE and Linux.The base OS is freely downloadable , but is really a demo version . The huge amount of software you get , the hardware support , and the manuals are definately worth it . Amazon even has a good price on it !
 Just wanted to say that Suse did n't work perfect for me , but once I fixed some issues everything runs much smother than my XP partition . What the people complaining about this OS do n't realize is that you should n't buy a linux distro unless you want to work a little to get it up and running . Stop complaining like the microsoft zombies you are and try a real OS . The only disatvantage I see is lack of game support . If more people start using linux this may not be a problem in the future hopefully .
 Very user friendly , had it installed and running in under 10 minutes .
 I basically decided to support Open Source by actually purchasing this product . After I have installed it on my Dell desktop , I feel I have spent my money very well.I 'm not a Linux guru , just a newbie , but I was able to continue all of my home computer routine without any problem . I copied all , yes all , data files from Windows partition and kept working with them in Open Office . I still use Quicken on Windows -LRB- this is the only thing I do in Windows now -RRB- , but as my experience will grow I 'm sure I will be able to run Quicken on Linux using Wine project.Well I must say I do not play games much , so I have no idea of how Linux handles them , and , frankly , I can not care less.I feel like I need to address some posters who are `` outraged '' by the fact that SuSE sells this product . Guys , you should present all sides of the story - nobody forces you to buy it , you can still download all this from the Internet . Go ahead , but you will not get installation support , that some users may need , you will not get a printed version of User 's and Administrator 's Guides -LRB- nice books -RRB- . And the most important , there are actual people behind this product , who dedicate their time and effor to make it good , so why do n't just say ` thanks ' to them in the form of purchasing their product?Another thing to mention is that Linux is not Windows , and it is not going to behave like Windows . Just get over it , learn something new . Yes , you can edit pictures , burn CDs , listen to the music , write , calculate , email , and perform another million things on Linux , you just need to use different commands and tools for all of it.Since SuSE distribution allows all the above , I rate it 5 . It is a good product and it works for me .
 I have tried several distrubutions of Linux including Red Hat , Mandrake , Debian , Turbolinux , among others . However , I have to say hands down that Suse is the very best Linux distribution out there in this day and age -LRB- July 18 , 2004 -RRB- . The reasons ... 1 . -RRB- One of the easiest to install .2 . -RRB- Suse has focused on making the transistion easier with a system they call YAST which serves as an installation and administration tool that drastically simplifies the use of the OS .3 . -RRB- First Linux distribution to support 64 bit systems . -LRB- pro version -RRB- 4 . -RRB- Clean interface thru and thru .5 . -RRB- Comes with thousands of programs that can be used free of charge including anything you might needs such as word processing , email , web browsing , etc. . .6 . -RRB- Suse has major corporate backers such as Novell and IBM . It should be around for a very long time in other words .7 . -RRB- Has a user base that is growing fast.There are many other reasons I could list , but for the sake of space I will just say , buy it and try it.One last note . Windows users should recognize that if they want to switch over to Linux ... they need a transition period to do so . Why ? Linux is not Windows . Linux is however an excellent OS . It has many benefits which Windows does not offer . One being its security . It has far fewer security vulnerabilities than Windows does . It has a huge user community that provide free support to one another ... there is paid support also if you want that sort of thing . In other words , setup one machine with Suse Linux so you can learn the ins and outs of the OS . Do n't expect to use it for your main machine for a couple of months at least . You have probably spent years on Windows and are used to its peculararites . Linux is similar in some ways to Windows and different in some ways . Some features will feel familiar and others will feel new ... so set aside some time to learn the differences . The payoff is much less frustration since you are expecting to learn new things and be presented with some challenges . In the end you will end up with a great OS that is in many ways superior to Windows and offers a much less expensive offering of software , support , and security .
 I love Suse , I liberally evangelize it , and despite the trivial grouses of some reviewers -LRB- namely , Mozilla not being the default the browser or Gnome not being the default desktop , both of which are easily and freely resolved issues -RRB- I believe SuSE is the best Linux distro on the market , the benchmark to beat.But I 'd like to point out that the `` Personal '' edition of the OS does all you probably need it to do . If you have a high-speed connection , the personal version is also absolutely FREE to download.Take a look at www.suse.com/us/private/products/suse_linux/pers/pers_prof.html -LRB- or google for `` SuSE 9.1 personal professional comparison '' in case this site filters the URL in my review -RRB- and you 'll see why the Professional version is not worth the price of admission . It includes some micro-minor software that is easily skippable . -LRB- E.g. , do you really need GnuCash and Mr.Project ? -RRB- That said , if you 're in the market for trying out a Linux , you simply can not go wrong with SuSE ; it is the most easily configurable , the best supported , the best documented , and above all , the most easily usable OS in the Linux world .
 This has got to be the best Linux distro ever . For beginners , it is so easy to install and use , while for the intermediate/guru - it allows for tweaking and tuning . This baby comes with so much software , it 's simply unbelievable . I love installing from DVD-The new kernel and KDE 3.2 are welcomed advancements . My SUSE 9.1 machine simply flys ! OpenOffice 1.1.1 is great too . It does everything the MS Ofice does - it can even read MS Office files . I do n't miss the Windoows world one bit ... as a matter of fact , now that I do n't have to worry about virus attacks or spyware anymore ... I can surf the Internet pretty much carefree . It 's a wonderful feeling indeed .
 As a 10 yr LinuX user -LRB- Slackware , RedHat , Mandrake , Debian , RHEL , SuSE , etc. . . -RRB- I can definately say the latest version of SuSE roX !!! Do n't let any of the negative reviews discourage you . You will get a ton of excellant software that will make you productive right away and not add to the overhead of your computing environment . If you consider the costs of putting together a WindoZe box -LRB- $ 250 + for WindoZe itself , $ 450 + for Office -LRB- to write letters , type email , maybe do a presentation -RRB- , $ 80 + for Virus software so you can read your email , $ 100 + for firewall software to connect to the Internet to get your email -RRB- -RRB- it adds up to quite a bit , and that is not considering hardware . All of the above software is INCLUDED with SuSE -LRB- or any other freely downloadable version of LinuX -RRB- . And , while true that there is a bit of a learning curve , it is not as difficult as you may think . As each new version of Linux is released it is getting easier to install and use . Why do you think Micro $ oft is so scared , they know their time is about up . They are so afraid that they are cutting deals to 3rd world countries to sell their wares for 1/10th what we are still forced to pay . And with each version of WindoZe that comes out , you need to upgrade your hardware just to run it decently . And security is an after thought with them , that is until another worm hits the net and you hear Micro $ oft blame everyone except themselves for their sub-standard code . LinuX will also have security issues , but not even to the extent that M$ will lead you to believe . Once a issue is discovered with LinuX , a patch is immediately available . With M$ , they will deny issues for monthes before releasing any patch , then blame everyone for not installing that patch when a new vulnerability brings down corporate networks everywhere . So do yourself a favor and give SuSE a try .
 I have n't loaded SuSE since version 8 , and at that time I thought it to be a decent Linux distro , but it still needed to evolve . With version 9.1 , SuSE has certainly evolved to the point where anyone can easily load the OS and be up and running immediately much like with Windows . For me , I was able to install Win03 , SuSE 9.1 , and Solaris x86 -LRB- ver 9 -RRB- on one hda without a problem through using SuSE 's fdisk tool . SuSE 9.1 recognized all my hardware on my homemade box , and really is fun to use since there is a boatload of applications to tinker with . For the money you ca n't beat it . For those who complain that SuSE 9.1 trashed their Windows partition , then they might want to learn a bit about disk geometry and the coexistance of different platform OS 's before they blame the problem on the SuSE OS . Finally , I wish SuSE/Novell , RHEL , or any other vendor would step up their marketing to convince IT managers to use these NOS CLIENT/server alternatives so competition can flourish , thus making systems evolve to be more secure and stable . SuSE 9.1 brings the hope of this happening a little closer .
 SuSe 9.1 was very impresive , the graphics were amazing ! Better then MS Windows or any other Linux Ditrobution . Oh and please do n't listen to the -LRB- currently -RRB- 1 negative review , Instead try it out for your self for free ! Download the Live cd iso from here - http://www.suse.com/us/private/download/ftp/live_eval_int.html then just reboot your computer into that cd . I mean after I saw the way it looked and how fast it worked even on a live cd , there was no way I was not buying this . As far as MS Office compatiblity I have had no problems , and 99.9999 % of users do n't . Suse Linux 9.1 Is a great stable O.S. capable of worry free internet access , unbeatable stability , and is the most usable Linux distrobution I have seen . And If your worrid about the common lie that Linux has no apps available for it , do n't ! Heres a few commercial games that have been made for the Linux Platform , Ut2004/2003 , Neverwinter Nights , Return to Castle Wolfinstien , Savage , Tribes2 , Civiliztion Call to Power , Descent 3 , Heavy Gear II , Heavy Metal
 I have wide experience with various OS platforms , but not a lot with Linux . After installing SUSE 9.1 and watching it automatically find and configure all my hardware , I would expect Microsoft to start having some sleepless nights worrying about home users switching to Linux.I purchased SUSE Professional 9.1 and , as a test , installed it on a Dell laptop -LRB- Inspiron 5000 -RRB- that already had a copy of Windows 2003 Server installed . I created an extra partition to hold Linux . I booted from the CD and used the Partition manager that came with SUSE to format and rearrainged my partitions on the hard disk.I then performed a completely hands-off installation , letting the software configure all the hardware . Not a single problem . I then unplugged my PCMCIA network card and plugged in a Linksys wireless . When I rebooted , SUSE automatically found and configured the card.Then , while the system was running , I plugged in a USB Key Drive -LRB- SanDisk -RRB- . SUSE automatically configured the USB drive without a hitch.This package ships with five CDs worth of software including Open Office 1.1 , dozens of games , a CD and DVD Burner program , as well as all the developer tools you need such as a C++ compiler , Apache , scripting , etc. . It uses KDE as a default , which is much like windows -LRB- Alt-Tab to switch windows , etc -RRB- . I could even view and copy files from my Windows 2003 partition from within SUSE.Overall , I am very impressed with this package and it 's ability to automatically configure and install itself . Hardcore Linux folks may not like some aspects of the basic OS or the selection of software packages , but in terms of an everyday user this is worth the money . If you are a beginner that wants to start using Linux or you are a developer that wants a no-stress way to get into Linux applications development , this is your software .
 Most of these reviews I see here are very suspicious . Either 5 stars and you love it or 1 star and you hate it worse than the plague . Maybe Amazon can post your IP addresses again , and all will become clear.I have downloaded the LiveEval disk from SUSE , and have installed 9.1 on no less than 3 completely different systems from the same CD ... they are : My home-built work system - abit IC7MB , 3.0 Ghz P4 w / Hyperthreading , Seagate SATA HD , 2 EIDE HD 's , CD/DVD reader , CD/DVD Writer , HP scanner , Sony monitor , USB mouse and keyboard , 3COM NIC , ATI Radeon 9800 . My wife 's GatewayMy Compaq at workEach and every install performed flawlessly . I had no problems with any of the included software , and every piece of hardware on all systems was found and configured correctly with the following exceptions : Sound cards were not always recognized . However , after telling Yast to re-probe the hardware -LRB- one time -RRB- everything worked correctly . Also , still working on finding video drivers from ATI , however , you can download them free on ATI 's web site.I was very pleased with the installer , KDE interface , the software included , and the overall experience of all of the installs.some more tips :1 -RRB- Like other reviewers here have said over and over again , do your homework BEFORE you try installing this . Make sure your hardware is supported , or if it 's not , decide if this is something you would be willing to live with while running Linux .2 -RRB- Download and install the Live Eval disk from www.Suse.com - while this will not give you a 100 % complete picture of how your system will function , it will give you enough information upon which you can base an informed decision . Remember
 SuSE has outdone themselves this time , this software rocks.yast2 is at it 's excellent best , making SuSE the easiest Linux to use.if you want it free , do an ftp install , if you want disks -LRB- like i do -RRB- buy it . it 's not like it 's not affordable.personal is fine for everyday users , and corporate users will find pro to their liking.SuSE Rocks .
 For those prepared to forego the wealth of useful applications available for Windows and install this product onto a good quality machine they should end up with a machine capable of a solid and reliable performance , comparable to one running Win 2000 PRO or Win XP PRO , and vastly more so than one running Win 98/ME/XP-Home . With Suse 9.1 installed you will be able to use the Internet , send and receive e-mails , and have access to sufficiently usable office applications for the majority of instances . But give TextMaker a go for something better . You will also be able to play MP3 , Quicktime , RealMedia , and DVD files AFTER you have installed the appropriate media players.Printing is best done with the use of the CUPS print server and its associated printer drivers . This will need to be installed from the software provided , Once installed , the CUPS server is gotten at through your web browser by entering http://localhost:631 into the address area . Simply click on the web-links to add and configure your printer and port . This will now show up in your Kprint selector , if you have chosen the CUPS option . To start CUPS for the first time you may have to launch a terminal and enter a suitable command.Your machine will need between 256 and 512 MB of RAM to avoid performance and stability problems , and preferably have a processor speed in excess of 933 MHz.It 's also a good idea to overwrite a previous Linux installation with something like Autoclave to obliterate any old files , which can cause a lot of trouble in Linux or FreeBSD Unix re-installs . That 's my experience , anyway.The KDE desktop is very customisable and solid , as is the Konqueuror web-browser , and K-mail . Suse 9.1 is not a realistic alternative to Win 2000 Pro or Win XP Pro if you already have either of these operating systems installed , or need Adobe Acrobat , or other specialised applications . Yes , you could also install the Wine , windows emulator to run some windows applications . but the choice is limited.It all depends on what you want to do and what your expectations are . And be prepared to gain some Linux expertise by putting in some hours and hitting the Linux pages on the net . Suse does make life for the Linux user somewhat easier , in comparison to other distributions , because of YAST , which lets you install and manage software and hardware without having to edit configuration files , etc.For the more computer inclined out there , Suse Linux offers an opportunity to gain programming and development experience , since the majority of the source code is freely available , and you are provided with many of the tools needed to write and compile . That 's something not available by going the Microsoft route .
 I downloaded the ISO for the Personal version and I must say that Suse did a very good job . The Personal version does not have the development tools to compile programs and drivers which are needed if you intend to install a Winmodem . You will have to have DSL to use this distribution . The Professional Edition will have everything . This system is very well put together and is more stable and robust than any other version of Linux I have tried.Some people have notieced that if the system is installed more than once , each installation can be different . All versions of Linux does this because the hardware will cause some components to not display correctly . Even Windows XP will do this.If you are feed up of virus alerts , attacks , and your anti-virus software keeps updateing itself multiple times a day which bugs the crap out of anybody , give this distribution a try .
 Any operating system have had its infancy periods . Remember first versions of UNIX , DOS , Windows 3.11 and so on . Linux is no exclusion from this trend . However , it looks like finally for anaverage MS brainwashed Joe there is an opportunity to break out of MS slavery and join Open Source revolution . With each and every release Linux becomes more and more robust and easier to use for new comers . And SuSE is a recognizable leader in this area . Linux is not just one of many operating systems it 's a whole new philosophy of sharing knowledge , constant learning and interaction with other people.My advise to all MS whiners who wrote negative reviews on SuSE
 Then you have have to connect to an FTP and download the rest of the files via the internet . If your connection is slow or the FTP is bogged down it could take forever . Just go to some of the Linux forums online and read some of the horror stories about trying to get this `` Free Download '' -LRB- remember that you get what you pay for -RRB- . I would suggest purchasing SuSE from a retailer online so that your install goes much smoother and you do n't have to rely on an FTP or your internet connection -LRB- especially if you 're connecting at 56k or less ! -RRB- The ISOs at Linux.Org provide just the 1rst installation ISO which you have to burn to CD , and use to kick off the SuSE installation which then connects to an FTP online to download the remaining files and 3rd party applications which are found on the other 4 CDs which are about 600MB each . If you 're looking to save time , buy a set , if you have the bandwidth and the patience , then download it directly from SuSE.com , burn the ISO file to CD , boot from it and kick off the installation , adn keep your fingers crossed . I would n't , however bother downloading the ISO from some cheap looking website like -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 It 's easy and solid distro with 2.6 kernel . You can go minimux installation to keep system simple for server , or install Full to play like MS Windows . If you are using linux or want to start to learn linux , this could be good one for you . I liked Gentoo and FreeBSD but takes too much time to maintain . Red Hat puts too much stuff and feels like MS Windows . This one is easier to maintain but still you can see the what 's going on.But if you do n't care about OS and just want to use PC to improve your life , stick with MS Windows . It 's easier and as stable as X Window .
 why would you buy this when you can download it for free ? all you are paying for is some of the applications that are licenced . you can download this and other linux distrobutions from linuxISO.org . if you do n't have a speedy internet for big downloads -LRB- around 600 megs -RRB- then go to OSdisk.com and find a good selection of distros to order for a great price .
 Leonardo da Vinci by Corbis is a fine product . The Corbis Codescope is used to translate the mirrored writings of this Universal Genius.The main reason why I bought this CD-ROM . This feature allows one to reverse the mirrored writings of Da Vinci . The Codex Leicester manuscripts can be translated from Italian to English . For students of Leonardo , like myself , the Codescope is a wonder to behold . I like the Leonado Gallery which assembles a collection of his artworks and documents . It gives one the feeling of entering an art gallery to explore its collection . The Interactive Exhibits demonstrate the experiments or drawings of leonardo . Leonardo 's drawings of bird flight come to life using an animated sequence of his bird studies . His studies on the motion of water is clarified with actual video comparison to his drawings . I highly recommend this product to any who wants to explore the world of Da Vinci . It would be great if a DVD vesion with all of Leonardo 's manuscripts , not just the Codex Leicester , translated using the Codescope . Hopefully someone will take the next big leap to do this .
 Another wonderful title from the folks at Disney Interactive . The Dinosaur Action Game combines outstanding graphics with voice talent from the film to provide a solid game experience . The ability to choose different protagonists greatly enhances the gameplay . I must admit that some of the game environments are a little dark -LRB- Toy Story 2 Action Game is more visually appealing -RRB- , but if you 're a fan of the film or of Disney Interactive games , this will be an excellent addition .
 I 'm a bit surprised at the negative reviews written before this one . I do not believe this distro is anywhere near as bad as these reviewers are making it out to be . OK , here is what I got : My computer is a personal built Intel P4 -LRB- 2ghz -RRB- with 512mb RAM , 80 gig hard drive , GeForce 4 video card , SoundBlaster live sound card , NetGear ethernet card , LiteOn CDRW , LiteOn DVDRW-that 's the essentials.Now I have my hard drive partitioned roughly in half with Windows 2000 on the first partition . I installed this distro to the second partition . No problems what so ever . I can boot into windows or suse just fine with no problems . Now I used the default settings on the install -LRB- they are just fine -RRB- , but you can change stuff around . If you do change where and how it loads , be sure to know what you are doing first . I suspect that is how people get themselves in trouble then blame the product . The default settings work great , so do n't change'em unless you really need to.All the programs are there , from web browsing to Open Office . The interface is nice and clean yet it is still very customizable . Open Office has opened all my windows office files without difficulty.My wife , who could n't care less about computers other then web surfing and email , has no problem using SUSE . She took to it right away and has n't had any problems finding her way around . This distro has organized the programs very well and I 've found things easy to find.I think SUSE did a very fine job . I 've used alot of other distros , but I always come back to SUSE sooner or later .
 I have been using it for a short time so , I am a newcomer but it has a lot nice features very worthy . The interface is amazing , very beautiful and easy to understand . The installation was incredibly easy and everything was done automatically , the only thing I had to do was to select some extra choices about the way how to partition the hard drive to install it as a multi boot -LRB- Windows XP and Linux -RRB- . Actually , it was less complicated than the windows XP installation . The internet connection was easy to do and immediately update was done . The only problem I had was when I installed a PCI wireless Ethernet card that did not bring drivers for Linux , however I found it in internet but it was not easy to deal with . The graphics are incredible , and the office suite included in the software -LRB- free -RRB- is very complete . The word processor , database manager and the spreadsheet are plenty of features . There are other many application but it takes time to get to learn them . It is amazing , all for less than 40 $ .
 First off if you are into multimedia back away from this OS right now ! It is NOT a full multimedia operating system.I have both the free version from the site and this boxed version . I did have it on my mother computer so she does n't need to worry with viruses . But on finding out there are few games -LRB- except online Java games -RRB- that work well with Suse . And DVD playback is a no no on most ALL Linux OSes . Why ? Playback on Linux is basically illegal ! It scares the Hollywood bigwigs , into thinking we Linux users will duplicate the decoder and make copies -LRB- too late -RRB- . She 's now using Windows XP and happier . I use Suse at times , but still it needs work . I prefer Linspire . It works like Windows and yes something for everyone with it!So , if your a basic user who has good hardware , and just wants to play music and burn CD 's than enjoy ! Also , if your a heavy web sufer who needs seccurrity while online , welcome!Everyone else as you see here , will complain or want their Windows back . Try Linspireinstead , trust me .
 I have used this for years and had a lot of luck with it . We have renovated several homes and used this with the last two . It was not difficult to learn but it is older so the products are of older design and colors . If you just want to put together a room or a home with things sized as you like and not be too concerned about older patterns and colors , this is just great . It allows you to shrink or enlarge items to your own desire ; you do not have to use what the designer of the software says it MUST be . For instance , we recently purchased a small house for our retirement years and it has low ceilings . Some new design software will not allow any ceilings under eight feet ; insists closets MUST be at least 3 feet deep , etc. . It messes up the totals . This little house has a hallway that is only 31 inches wall to wall . Newer ones will not allow me to enter that size ; one must have whole numbers in all sizes . You actually can be more specific with some of these packages but they become much too sophisticated at that point and a more educated -LRB- architectural -RRB- knowledge . This one is easy to learn and use and you can still be specific in sizing anything wider , longer , deeper or higher . You can size anything to suit your exact need . It even provides you simple shapes to use for whatever may be missing as exact items . Round , square , etc. can come in very helpful to use for items not even available in 2006 . If you are mostly interested in what can fit where , this is for you . I would be certain that the copy you get is truly compatible with your computer system of course . If it does not work on -LRB- for instance -RRB- XP , you will have some difficulty but not catastrophic . Still , there were few times of interruptions which I assumed were one of two things
 I \ t has been just great fun and always a challenge .
 I really like it . I play it online game at bigfish game site . I really love it . I am going to get one for me ! . I really like cd-rom version because it great than download . MICHELLE
 This game has Scrabble BEAT HOLLOW ! I 'm a grownup , but I wish this game was around when I was a kid , tween , or teen . I always found Scrabble -LRB- the non-computer version -RRB- frustrating , bcecause you only get so many letter squares and sometimes you ca n't make words with them , but BW , being a computer game , gives you as many squares as you need and you can ALWAYS make something ! Plus , the BW defines some words . Love the sound effects and graphics , and trying to keep the `` fire '' squares from igniting the library . Recommended for ages 10-100 + ! Used to have download version til I had to do a clean installation of my OS due to viruses , adware , and spyware -LRB- Oh , my ! -RRB- and was skittish about downloading games , so it is SO GREAT that Bookworm Deluxe can be obtained retail ! Yes , I am addicted to it and find myself playing when I should be doing other things !
 The premise of Bookworm is simple
 I love this game a lot ! You can spell long words if you can.I just have three disappointments :1 . The worm will burp at you when you use a red tile . That is rude in my family 's and friend 's opinion especially me !!! 2 . Some words are silly that I do n't think are words like it would take `` TEC '' . I 'm like , `` What the heck ? `` 3 . Some of the burning tiles are hard to use like the letters K , W , V , Z , X , J , M , and I. I 've been figuring out some words with these letters but ca n't find any words with these eight letters.One of the things I like is that ,1 . A bonus tile is green , a burning tile is red , and my big hit is that you get silver , yellow , or blue cards if you make a really big word like , `` CALCULATOR . '' It would say things like `` Astonishing ! `` 2 . Like the Word Whammer Fridge Phonics , there 's a word hunt where you hunt for words to get bonus points . For example
 Bought the deluxe version of Bookworm.No huge difference than the original for more than double the price !! I recommend the original version only .
 This is the best game I have found on the computers . It is especially good for older people - keeps their minds sharp . Bought two for Christmas gifts .
 My son and I play this game alot . It has helped him with his spelling . Fun game
 Bookworm is a challenging word game for any age . Helps improve spelling and vocabulary . Classic mode allows untimed word finding and the timed Action mode is exciting , trying to keep the burning letters from reaching the bottom . Rack up bonus points with longer words using bonus letters and place your name in the Hall of Fame . Great entertainment buy for the price that really stimulates the brain . You can save your game in progress and return to it later . Others can play it in between your sessions . Fun for the entire family !
 I love bookworm and so do my co-workers . I even have my sister playing it . Once you start playing you just ca n't stop . It will eat away hours of your day . I even play @ work every chance I get .
 I had got this game to go onto my laptop , but it would not go in I had to but it on my desk top and play it that way , I loved the game its lots of fun , I like word games / . I am however upset as I was told it was Vista friendly and it is not.I love the game so I play it as often as I can
 I have enjoyed Bookworm for quite a while now and have my Mother hooked on the game as well . This was a gift for her at Christmas . I ordered late in the month but again , with the usual prompt service , it was here before Christmas . It 's surprising how your vocabulary increases just from playing a game .
 I have this game at home and I brought this additional copy as a Christmas present for my sister and brother-in-law . I think this is an interesting word game that can entertain you for hours . I would recommend it to anyone who likes word games .
 Since I love words , I like trying to make 6 letter words . Very challenging . I 've played for hours .
 Always enjoy a word game , and this is a fun one . Nothing profound , just something to keep your mind skills working a little longer .
 Simple concept yet its a great game . Keeps me occupied for hours when I 'm bored : - -RRB-
 CD was in excellent condition . This game reminds me of scrabble , which I like to play , also .
 This game is a lot of fun . It runs a little strange with Vista but what does n't . Works better with Windows XP .
 I first purchased Bookworm for myself and spend a few minutes on it almost every day . You link letters together to spell words and get points based on the difficulty of the word . This type of game is supposed to be good for those of us `` of a certain age '' . However , my latest purchase of Bookworm was for my 8-year-old granddaughter who started playing it at my house . It 's a great game for kids that enhances their spelling abilities and is fun . I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 This game is very `` using your brain oriented '' . Very mind challenging.Lots of fun trying to make the best word out of the surrounding letters.Definitely nerve racking when the burning letters come up . I highly recommend this game . All of my family have this game .
 This is a excellent educational tool for preschoolers and adults wishing to hone their vocabulary - and a great TV-alternative . Words have to be recognized and formed from a wall of letters that get refreshed as you progress . Target-words offer extra points whereas , repeatedly forming easy small words is `` punished '' with the appearance of burning letter-tiles that , if let to reach the bottom , end the game.This is a perfect example of what has come to be known as Casual Gaming . It would be a good idea to download the 60-min trial version from a site , such as REFLEXIVE -LRB- you can Google it -RRB- , and decide for yourself whether this is indeed your cup of tea.Anybody can make a good game that will run only on a super-computer . This is an example of pure programming genius!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 This is a very good game to you with building up your vocabulary and seeing where you need help with it . My fiance and I really enjoy this game and would recommend it to anyone .
 I really enjoy playing this game . It 's well worth the purchase price .
 I love this game , I can spend hours playing it , it 's a good teaching tool to learn to spell better , I 've been amazed by learning some of the new words & what they mean . It 's a really fun spelling/word game .
 this game is ot only fun but addictive . we have totaly enjoyed this game .
 I enjoy the mental challenge of this game . I firmly believe it is important to continually exercise the gray matter . My top score is over 6,000,000 and I keep a game going all the time . I find it quite addicting .
 Bookworm Deluxe has been a neat change of pace type game for me . I usually play things like Doom 3 , Joint Ops and so on but they can sometimes get boring . This game challenges the mind and you can easily loose track of time playing it . I 've also found that it can be an educational tool if you have young kids just learning how to spell . There are a few really strange words in this game and the only thing from keeping this little gem from being a true educational tool is a better way to find out what some of those words mean . To some extent the game does this but it only seems to show up on certain words . Other then that it 's a pretty cool way to challenge the mind.After I posted this review I noticed several unhappy owners of Bookworm Deluxe due to a bad disc . I had the same problem but instead of going through Amazon 's return process -LRB- which I did in the end for a full refund -RRB- I went to the companies web site and found out they had shipped a lot of bad discs and they asked me to give them my mailing address so they could replace the faulty ones that I had . The new working disc came about two days later and works like a charm .
 A very enjoyable game , that can be saved to play again at a later date . Can compete with others without being online while playing . If you like words and spelling , this is the game for you .
 Fascinating word game . Game is saved whenever you leave it for resumption later . Took over ten hours for me to get a score of over one million . Also so there is a quick version included . Gave it a 4 stars because of time needed for long game .
 INTERESTING CHALLENGE TO NOT ONLY , SPELL BIG WORDS BUT TO CHOOSE THE RIGHT LETTERS FOR MOST POINTS . THE WIFE HAS GOTTEN OVER FOUR MILLION -LRB- but she cheats somehow -RRB-
 this product really is helping my two grandsons learn to spell better . . think quicker ... and to read better because they have to search the board quickly for words . the three of us really love playing this game . . and excellent purchase .
 My adult daughter requested this game as one of her Christmas gifts and she has spent `` way too many '' hours with it on her computer .
 The game is pretty basic , but rather fun and almost addicting to play
 If you can spell you can play this game - young or old . The game is very addicting !!! Love it .
 I love this game . I did have a problem last fall with 3 bad copies ! Amazon took them all back and sent their entire shipment back to the manufacture . When they offered it again I grabbed it . Sorry , I have to go and play Bookworm now ... no time to chat !
 Bookworm Deluxe is fun for the whole family , from grandparents to grandchildren . It 's a fun way to challenge your brain to think outside of the normal `` straight-line '' mode . Our family feels that this game is sort of a cross between Scrabble and Boggle . Once you begin , you find that you are able to find even more words than you imagined . Flaming tiles put urgency and excitment into the game . The reward of colored tiles adds another level of gratification and excitement to the game . It 's a hit !
 This game is great fun for children and grown-ups alike . A bit addictive , too , as users try to link letters together to form words . One useful improvement would be to provide definitions of all the acceptable words ; the game currently defines only a few words of its own choosing . Otherwise , the game is great fun .
 This is a fun game . If you like crossword puzzles and playing Scrabble , you will enjoy Bookworm Deluxe . Only one problem was that the U.S. Postal Service did not deliver the game to my home until 10 days after Amazon said that it had been delivered on October 30 -- it was not delivered until November 9 . There should be an easier way to track down such orders which are temporarily lost by the Post Office . I am glad it finally came .
 This is an awesome game ! It 's great for kids using their knowledge of simple words and a challenge to us `` older kids '' to dig deep for those obscure words . I do n't use a dictionary while I 'm playing but I guess it is permissible . Sometimes it 's a group effort and this helps the younger ones learn new words and in many cases their definition . The graphics are cute and I love the sound effects . I would definitly recommend Bookworm for all age groups .
 I am addicted to Bookworm and need to acquire more willpower , fast , to limit my daily game time . I find myself spending hours playing , late evenings especially , and , -LRB- blush -RRB- , sometimes at work . Trying to accumulate a high score - my personal best - like at the Olympics , is the most addictive part for me !! I used to play Scrabble on the PC and loved it , but Bookworm is by far the better game - I think . I have limited myself to no more than an hour per day , OK sometimes 2 hours - but that is time used to build vocabulary and other skills , rather than watch one of my favorite TV programs . See how easy it is to rationalize ? Actually , Bookworm has helped to improve my Scrabble skills also . There 's almost an entire dictionary of possibilities stored on the CD.The concept of Bookworm is simple . One needs to make words by linking adjacent letter tiles . The more complex the word and more difficult the letter , -LRB- z , x , q , like Scrabble -RRB- , the higher the score . Short , or low scoring words , cause fires to start with letters at the top of the PC screen , the library wall . If a word is not formed from the burning tile letters before they reach the bottom , then the game explodes - kaput ! The higher your score , the more burning tiles appear . Thus the level of difficulty increases . Also , the longer one plays a particular game , thus using up a variety of tiles , it becomes more difficult to find either vowels or consonants . Scoring then becomes even more difficult.There is a leisurely paced Classic Game , and no beat the clock option . I personally prefer this one . It gives one time to really think and look for many-lettered words . Then there 's the Action Game , where you have to beat both the clock and the burning tiles . Since one is more inclined to go for short words when the clock is ticking , there are more burning tiles here . It really gets the adrenaline going ! There is also a Save Game option which is terrific . Once I begin to score in the high numbers , which can take a while , I get tired , and am able to save the game without losing points , and can come back to it another time . The players ' high scores are saved in the Hall of Fame , so it is easy to compete against yourself or another player.The book worm , Lex , -LRB- from lexicon -RRB- , is a funny and bizarre creature who makes weird noises , supposedly to encourage the player to feed his endless appetite for words . When a particularly good word is formed , he belches ! I enjoyed this feature for all of five minutes , and then turned down the sound . However , I think kids would love this vocabulary tapeworm . And Bookworm is perfect for children and adults alike . The game is from Activision . It is fun and educational and I highly recommend it . The CD version is more complex and has many more possibilities than the free download found on the Web . I tried the download before buying the game.JANA
 I 'm not a kid but in my mid 50 's , and I love this game ! It tests my visual perception , vocabulary and ability to foresee what moves are necessary to align higher-scoring words . The fact that words can be spelled out forward -LRB- left to right and up and down -RRB- , backward -LRB- right to left and upward -RRB- as well as in a spiral , diagonally or in a serpentine manner makes it more fun and challenging . The extra points tiles and the burning tiles , desending to threaten burning down the `` library '' add to the excitement .
 I happened across this game through `` Game Blast '' , an on-line game site , and after trying it through the 60 minute trial offer , I was hooked . Needless to say , I decided to purchase it , & then my entire family started playing . We all thoroughly enjoy playing bookworm!Although we are all adults , my neice who is 14 also loves to play it whenever she comes for a visit . In fact , the first place she goes upon arriving is to the computer to play Book Worm . Because it 's so educational - in terms of spelling and finding words - we are happy that she enjoys it so much!The basic premise of `` Book Worm '' is that you have to find words within a grid , where each letter must touch the next -LRB- similar to scrabble or boggle -RRB- . Each letter is given a certain # of points , and these points are added up for the words you choose.You want to find longer/higher scoring words whenever possible , as if you choose too many low scoring words , a fire will start to `` attack '' the tiles , and if you do n't use those firey tiles fast , they will quickly move to the bottom and then the board `` explodes '' , and the game is over.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves playing scrabble & boggle , but who wants to find a game where they can play alone ; as well as for children -LRB- probably at least 10yrs . old -RRB- who like , or need help with the subject of spelling . It will provide hours upon hours of fun & enjoyment for children & adults alike .
 Bookworm Deluxe is a game set in a library , and features a grid of tan colored Scrabble-like tiles . The object is to click on adjacent letters in order to form words that can be `` chomped '' by the bookworm.While this may sound easy , there 's a twist
 This game can keep me occupied for hours . I 'm sure it improves memory , vocabulary , etc. , but most of all , it is just plain fun . Although it is not really pertinent to this review , I am 65 + and have been a Scrabble fan for years . I now prefer ` Bookworm Deluxe ' . P. J. Kale
 I bought the online version before the CD came out ... It is the very best word game I 've ever played !! I 'm also 50 + and I believe this game is great for all ages to improve memory , spelling and learning definitions of some words I 've never heard of before . The worm is so funny when he starts to shake and sweat when the red , burning tiles get too close to the bottom . I HIGHLY recommend BookWorm Deluxe . It 's everything it 's advertised to be and MORE ... it 's also hard to stop playing !! You will love it !!
 I found this game at an online game site and HAD to have it as soon as it was available to purchase!Lots of fun and I am admittedly addicted to playing this game whenever I get in front of my computer.The animation with the dragon is cute and so amusing that he is an inspiration to make bigger , difficult words just to see him react.This is one of the best word games that I have played . School age children and adults will all enjoy this educational and fun game.I highly recommend everyone to purchase this addicting , enjoyable -LRB- and educational -RRB- game .
 Warning - this game can become addictive ! You click on tiles to build interesting words for points . It 's amazing what words you 'll learn as definitions are posted for more difficult words . Burning tiles force you to think fast or you 'll lose the game . Great educational game with all the fun of a Gameboy . Great fun for ages 8-110 .
 Do not start playing this game unless you have hours of free time to kill . I bought this for my husband and myself -- I have n't gotten a chance to play it yet because is he always doing so.He installed it one evening and 9:00 p.m. and then stayed up until midnight two nights in a row playing it . Finally , after a week he was able to ration himself.Some of the words you can form in the game are not Scrabble safe words , but , like in Scrabble , no proper names are allowed so be careful .
 Bookworm Deluxe - using a board filled with letter tiles , you try to make words . The more letters you use in your word , the more points you add to your score . In addition , the longer your word , you 'll earn specially colored squares . In order of priority points - green , yellow and Diamond.Now , if you keep using three letter words , then red tiles will begin to appear - you do n't want them - they are fire tiles . They 'll drop to the bottom and if you ca n't use their letters before they hit the bottom - GAME OVER.After the early levels , you 'll get a chance to go for bonus words , these appear beneath the Bookworm Character . If you get these words , you 'll earn a bonus and a new word will appear . Keep getting the bonus words and you 'll earn more and more lucrative bonus awards.Behind the Bookworm character is a bookcase . As you keep getting words , books form on the shelf . When the shelf is full of books , then the round is over . Oh - it 's easy to get yourself into a corner by getting all vowels down at the lower half . You have to be careful . Some words you can use when that happens is YOU , VIA and KOI . That may get you out of the mess you get in . But Bookworm has a way for you to scramble all the tiles on the board . Just click on the Bookworm . But beware - when you do this those Red Fire Tiles will sppear!This game is HIGHLY addictive . I 've spent hours and hours playing it . A couple of years ago I bought the PDA version for my DELL AXIM - and that 's when I got hooked . I did n't know they made a PC version until last year - then I had to buy it . I quickly rose in points to the highest levels - spent hours and hours on it - neglected my work - neglected my family - forgot to sleep - forgot to eat . All signs of an Addiction !! I highly recommend this to anyone who likes word puzzle games . This is good for kids in school - it does expand their vocabulary -LRB- though some actual words are missing from its lexicon -RRB- . And when I gave my elderly Mom a Notebook PC for Christmas - I included the Bookwork game that I purchased on Amazon . She loved it and also got hooked on it . She even gave it as gifts to her friends . She said it kept her mind sharp.I do have one suggestion for the folks at POP-Cap - the makers of Bookworm Deluxe
 I 've been playing this game for about two weeks and am at least semi-addicted . Once I got an 8 letter word and twice I got to Level 25 , although my average is at around Level 12 . I downloaded Bookworm Adventures , but this seems aimed more toward the schoolyard crowd . Anyway , I 'll keep playing , but I 'd have liked some hint as to how many levels there are . Thank you !
 I have spent hours playing this game . It really expands your vocabulary . Makes you think and challenges you . I travel , so I always have it handy.Very easy to navigate the game and the graphics and sound is great . I would recommend this game to anyone .
 My family and I love this game , young and old . If you play it once , you 've got ta go back and play again and again . Owning your own is much better than playing on the net . More bonus tiles , and some definitions too ! And it also saves your game for you as well , so you do n't have to start over as you do on the web . We love this game .
 This game is very addictive , and should come with a warning !!!!! I am sure it is helping me inprove my spelling !
 I have always been a horriable speller -LRB- first one to lose at spelling bees in school -RRB- when my parents came to visit they brought this game and the 1st thing I thought was `` A spelling game kill me now , I think I 'll go play Halo instead '' but after a few minutes of watching them play I was yelling out words too spell and when I found the bonus word and got them a blue diamond I was addicted !! We ended up play for 3 hours that nightIf anything it will help you improve your spelling and it 's something you can play with your KIDS !!
 I play this game almost every single day . Each time , its different , quick and keeps it active .
 This game is great to play . It has good graphics and is very entertaining.I would recommend it for every one .
 This is a great game if you love word games . . I had it for my GBA and bought it for my PC too . It is very addicting ... good for all ages . . my elementary school age girls can play it too . Concept of connecting tiles to form words similar to boggle , but the tiles dissapear when you use them for a word leaving the other tiles to fall . Be careful , if the red fire tiles reach the bottom you burn the worm ! bonus tiles and words for extra points . Fun fun fun . . It is a must have for anyone who loves word games ...
 Be warned
 Very addictive . We put the disk in and it worked . No plugins needed . Win 98 is a good computer to use the disk . I heard some reports about Win XP . I like the MIDI -LRB- Musical Instrument Digital Interface -RRB- `` music '' . Very challenging . And action game is n't that bad after all . Try not to scramble though , but if you have to , you can . I highly recommend Bookworm Deluxe to people who are studying for the spelling bee , people who want to learn words , people who want a challenge , or people who just want plain addicting fun . Lex the bookworm sure is funny ! This game is rated E for everyone -LRB- and eating words ! -RRB- . Do n't listen to the people that say do n't buy this product . Buy it now !
 This game keeps my mind working . I 'm 55 years old , and it 's important to flex those brain cells !
 I am writing this review on behalf of the person I bought this for . I thought I had an addiction problem w/World of Warcraft but they are on the PC constantly with BookWorm Deluxe . Be very careful once you buy this MUST HAVE game as you may spend many nights away from RL !
 I 've had Bookworm for quite a while now . This game , along with my reading and crossword puzzles , helps keep my brain cells active , now that I 'm retired . I turn the sounds and music off -LRB- because I find them annoying -RRB- , pop in one of my favorite music cd 's , and play Bookworm . I have this game , Solitaire , and Mah Jong , but Bookworm is my favorite . I play the ` classic ' game , as opposed to the ` action ' game , because it is more relaxing . I like that you can quit the game , and continue where you left off when you get back to it . My only complaint is that I just ca n't seem to stop playing it at night and get to sleep . It 's definitely addictive , but great fun . Gives you a good mental workout , too .
 I love playing this game . It 's educational . You learn new words you did n't know existed , and my son -LRB- a second grader -RRB- learns to spell better . I play for hours with this game . So far , I have gotten to level 29 and still trying to beat it.Cindi J.
 Fun game ! Love that you can play at your own pace . No buzzers , killing off characters , etc. . Just a go-at-your-own-pace , relaxing word game .
 I am very pleased with this product . My husband will be sitting across the room and make words from the game , and he is n't in to computers at all ! I just love the game . Thank you so much for the challenges if offers me .
 I have enjoyed this game . It is very challenging as far as finding the words but what I feel is most challenging is the cook off of the tiles if the words are not found in time . You have stragagize when playing this game . Thank you very much.Menya Liddell
 This game is addictive . LOL I love it . I play it every chance I get .
 I played it on line and I was so impressed with it that I had to download it from the internet . Then I ran out of time so I had to purchase it . If I had known that I could have purchased it on amazon which has the CD-Rom hello , I would have jumped over to get it . This game is so amazing that I actually got my husband addited to it . For a man who does not like to play any games at all especially on the computer let me tell you something . He is so hooked that he actually asked me to come to amazon and purchase the game for him because he wants to install it on his computer at his business . My sister came to visit with her husband and I showed them the game they instantly got hooked . where can I purchase this game she said , of course I said , amazon.com she went immediatly to purchase it . If you work all day 7 days a week 8 and 9 hours a day like my husband does when you come home it is the best relaxing thing to do . sit down on your computer and play Bookworm deluxe while the wife/husband is getting dinner ready.It will bring down your stress and tention from work trust me . I just love this game `` try it you 'll love it '' I hope this review was helpful to you.Sincierly , Kusasie
 Bookworm is a wonderful learning game . I learn a lot of new words every time I play . A great game for kids and adults . A worthy buy at a reasonable cost .
 If you like words and you like puzzles and you like spacial challenges , this software combines all of the above in an immensely enjoyable , addictive way . It 's a game I ca n't imagine ever tiring of , since every game is unique in all of the important ways .
 My friend told me about this computer game . I absolutely have become addicted . I love word games and this is my very favorite . Hardly a night goes by that I do n't play . It keeps the brain thinking .
 I ordered Book Worm Deluxe pc game but got Book Worm Play , which is not the same game . This happen not once but twice . I was told to return the first wrong item and to reorder . I asked about being shipped the wrong item and would it happen again . I was assured that this would not happen again but it did . I asked to receive an e mail when this problem was cleared up so I could order the correct game , but I never heard from them . That is poor customer service in my opion . I hope you do n't treat all your customers this way .
 I bought a laptop and a demo game was installed on it . My daughter found it first and really enjoyed playing , then my husband and I started ... our daughter did n't get it back for a while ! We liked it so much we bought the game . It 's fun , addictive , and educational . The hours fly by when you 're playing . Great for the family .
 Great game but seem to have no control over how high your score can go
 The BEST purchase for a game ever . I have both the Adventure and this . My family is CRAZY about this game .
 Bookworm deluxe is a great game , very addictive . You learn words that you did n't even know existed . I like Scrabble a little . Bookworm is somewhat like Scrabble , but you play by yourself and have lots more letters to chose from . Sometimes the whole family gets into making a word or getting you out of trouble -LRB- red letters -RRB- . I played on-line for free to start with . Then I ordered a C.D. so I could load it onto multiple computers .
 I had played this game on someone elses computer before I bought it . Thought I 'd let my family try it . Have n't found anybody yet who 's not hooked on it . My daughter-in-law was up til 2am playing the first night . -LRB- : The only thing I would change is the music . The game I played previously did not have music . I have to turn the volume off completely . I miss the little words of encouragement when I get a big word that were on the other game -LRB- Awesome ! , etc -RRB- Other than that , love the game !!
 I ordered several Bookworm Deluxe games for a friend of mine and she was very pleased with the time that it took for her to receive the games and was very pleased with games themselves .
 Read a review of this game in the local paper.Decided to try it and see if it would be suitable for thegrandkids -LRB- 13,12 & 9 -RRB- . I ordered their copy two days afterI started playing my own . Forming words is easy and you can tryfor a word you think will work . Somtimes you 'll find a wordyou did n't know . Now I find myself looking up these wordsto see their meaning . The grandchildren took to it immediatelyand now the race is on for highest scores in the classicgame and the action game . A WINNER . Wish they had put the titleyou achieve along iwth your name and score in the game 's Hall of Fame .
 I 've been playing Bookworm online for a couple of years and was tired of the interruptions from ads and the freezing in the middle of the game , so I decided to purchase it . However , I did n't want to download it , I wanted a disk and found it at Amazon . The game is much more fun - no ads , no freezing . The sounds and graphics are better too ! The game comes with a `` Classic '' and `` Action '' version and when you quit in the middle of a game , Bookworm Deluxe will save it so you can either continue the game where you left off or you can choose to start a new game.It 's a Great Game , at a very reasonable price and I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 My sister introduced me to this game and I ca n't stop playing it . Forming words from letter tiles is n't as easy as you would think . You can go up , down and sideways.You 're rewarded for longer words and ones using difficult letters -LRB- Z , K , X , Qu -RRB- . Short words result in quick scores , but soon burning tiles start falling . As you hustle to work those into words , the game has an urgency even though in the classic version you have time to ponder your next move.There 's also an action version you can select from the menu and the tiles keep moving while you try to make words . Not easy!As the score goes up , you move to different levels . It 's good that you can save the game to return as sometimes I 'm playing for three or more hours . Hard to stop , once you start.There are sound effects and an engaging background tune . I had to turn those off , as I found the tune running through my mind all day . Maybe that 's part of what makes the game addictive . Probably not , as I still return to it often even without the music.Update
 Order this game today if you like to play word games and keep your mind active ! I have used this game in the classroom -LRB- middle school -RRB- - Students love it . I have now purchased it for home use and find that it is a great way to spend a few minutes or a few hours . This game surely keeps you on your toes trying to better your own scores . This game is for a wide range of ages - do n't delay ! -LRB- Now do n't blame me if you do n't finish your ironing . -RRB-
 This is my favorite word game . I find it really taxes my brain and keeps me alert . My husband has alzheimers and it helps him pull up words in his memory .
 This game is very habit forming . Games such as Bookworm keep the mind young and the young learn how to spell more words ... a fun way to learn ! I bought two because I knew my friend would love it too !
 My younger son -LRB- 6 year old -RRB- is so addicted to this game that he likes playing the action version of this game . I was so surprised to see that a couple of months after he started , his level of score in the action version of the game has reached over 500,000 -LRB- yes , half a million ! -RRB- . I was totally stunned . He is able to learn new words with this game , remembers and searches for them at a very high speed in the action game . It is amazing to watch the little fingers chew away the red tiles with 4 , 5 , 6 letter words in succession.Even when I sit on this game I can go at it for over 2 hours at a time . It so happens that I got it on clearance in the Target software aisle for 10 bucks . Worth every 1/100 th of each penny I spent on this !!
 This game is not only fun to play but it keeps my brain and my memory working .
 I love this game . I love crossword puzzles too . Word puzzles like these are great for exercising the brain -LRB- we middle-agers need that -RRB- . But most important , they are FUN ! I 've played Bookworm for a few years , and lost my downloaded copy when a disk went bad . I am glad the game is now out on CDROM ! It 's fun to play , addicting , and educational -- what more could you want out of a game ? I highly recommend Bookworm Deluxe !!
 I just love playing bookworm . I can play for hours and hours and enjoy every minute of it . Sometimes I almost forget to go to bed . It 's exciting and fun and I recommend this to everyone .
 This is the best word game like chicktonary , Bonnie `` s Bookstore and Word Island . very good game .
 I have played and played this game . I have racked up over 4 million points in one game You just ca n't do that playing on an online site
 Had this on my computer for years , and play it at least once a day . I make up games with in the game to make the challenge have variety . As a life long Reader I am often surprised at what words come off my fingers ; especially as the first games were a struggle past three letter words . Helps keep the mind sharpened .
 This is a excellent program for teaching your children how to read . Easy to load on your computer . Just turn your children lose to play and learn how to spell .
 Bookworm was a game I had bought from Yahoo and did not keep the code number . One day , my computer decided that it was corrupted . So I took it out , and , in order to get the game back , I would have had to rebuy it from Yahoo . I found it on Amazon for the same price , but it has a disc . Now I 've got the game and the disc so that I ca n't lose it .
 I have worked for many many years , was forced to retire August 2009 due to health issues and needed a little something to help keep the mind in gear . I enjoy quick simple games I can leave the go back to . This game has several levels and it keeps you on your toes . It is nice when one can get a product so easily and quickly and not have to leave the house .
 My kids were playing this online alot . I decided I would rather keep them off the internet and buy the game . They are 14,11 & 8 . They all enjoy playing at diferent levels . Makes learning fun !
 I purchased this game for my wife because she had enjoyed the downloaded trial version so much . Biggest mistake of my life ! Sharing one PC , I was constantly waiting in line to use MY computer . I had to go out and buy a second computer just so I could have access to my own machine!This woman has spent more time playing Book Worm over the last two months , than she had spent on the PC in the last ten years ! A person who always does things in moderation , is addicted to Book Worm of all things . Go figure!A lot of women who read this , should get a kick out of the fact that now I am getting a taste of my own gaming medicine . `` Hey hon ? '' `` Are you alive in there ? '' `` Twenty minutes ago , you said you be out here in ten minutes ! '' Now , - I can say to HER `` you love that game more than you love me ! '' Yes , Book Worm has made me a computer game widower . Now I know how she has felt all these years of dealing with my gaming.The bottom line is that for the $ 13.75 total purchase price , she had gotten a lot of entertainment out of the game . So , I 'd have to say that it was a very good value for the money . An additional bonus , guys , is that I get about 75 % fewer inquiries on how my `` honey do '' list is coming along . You know , `` Honey , would you do this for me please ? `` My advice to anyone thinking of buying it is to shop around , as the down-loadable version was much more expensive , and you did n't get a disk to protect your investment . Fortunately , I found it much more reasonably priced here on Amazon and have my own copy.Book Worm disk version ... $ 13.75 New lap top for the wife ... $ 749.00 Less nagging , fewer odd job requests , more time to play computer games or to watch sports on TV ... pricelessLevel up ! all you Book Worm fans !
 I have to tell you , I 've been trying to do this with
 Bring on the Circus Ponies!When I was a kid , every fall I got a list of classroom materials to buy for school . Every year I found I had to buy several spiral notebooks for class . Little did I know that those spiral notebooks would be following me into adulthood , albeit digitally in the form of NoteBook 2 , by Circus Ponies.NoteBook is a digital version of that notebook I 've always kept my deepest darkest secrets in . On screen , it takes the appearance of that spiral notebook , complete with the wire spine . What it does n't contain is all the haphazard clippings that stick out in all directions and the bent corners from exceeding its physical boundaries . Even the most disorganized person can keep this notebook in order and within a tiny package.NoteBook has become the central hub of my GTD -LRB- getting things done -RRB- life . Combined with my MacBook Pro notebook , I have a resource to help me remember just what I was going to do any given day . The format caters to the right brained user . Anything of interest can be dragged into the easy to use format and cataloged into ways only I can understand.Every notebook file has an contents page . Clicking on the contents links or the tabs on the side of the notebook leads to pages within the notebook . Also in every notebook is an index which lists keywords within the notebook . Information can be stored in the form of web links , photos , files on the computer , or even voice annotations . I particularly like To Do lists , which have the capability of being checked off to my satisfaction . It 's a great feeling to check off tasks completed!The magic of NoteBook lies within the Services menu of the Mac . I like to think of NoteBook as a tool to navigate this little used feature of OS X . In most applications , the Services menu can be invoked and NoteBook is there to do one 's bidding . Want to create an action on an e-mail ? Pull up Services within Mail and clip the relevant data . Working on a project in Pages ? Use the Services menu to clip it to NoteBook.NoteBook can be used best as a project manager . I am a busy facilitator for a Macintosh Users Group . My educational seminars are planned in NoteBook . All my thoughts and references are pinned to pages in my virtual notebook . I have another notebook to run my household tasks . Shopping , home improvement , errand running , and appointments are all clipped into my notebook . With seamless integration with Mac bundled applications like Mail , Safari , iCal and Address Book , my tasks are organized efficiently and effortlessly.My life is not often spent in front of my Mac . Portability options are important to me . My notebook can be exported to HTML which can be stored on any other computer or my iDisk . I can see what i need to accomplish away from my Mac . What I would really love to see in future builds is even more portability to mobile devices . If I could have NoteBook on an iPhone , I would be running out to get one in a heartbeat . I am hoping this capability is foremost in the developer 's priorities as applications become available on the iPhone and other devices.NoteBook version 2 is on the cusp of releasing version 3 . I am informed that version 3 will incorporate sketching and handwriting recognition . Also included will be diagramming and flow chart tools . I anxiously await these enhancements.Utility
 I have used Notebook for years and find it indispensable for personal and work-related projects . It performs very much as advertised . It is versatile , easy-to-use , and very stable . Technical support is great
 Easy to use , does what it says , very useful . Installs perfectly . If you only take text notes , then this is a little over kill -LRB- with Spotlight and Google Desktop text files do fine for text notes -RRB- . The real strength of Notebook is multimedia . Next version has drawing capability which will be a must-have -LRB- check the company website - you probably get a free upgrade if you buy this -RRB- .
 The program seems very nice while I am playing with it just for the sake of playing with it . I have had a license for a couple of years by now , but I personally have not been able to incorporate Notebook into my workflow . I am a scientist and I therefore routinely collect tidbits of information when I am writing a research paper or a review . I almost always start by using Notebook but then quickly give up and end up making a simple list of things in a word processor program.The manipulation of items still seems confusing to me personally . For example , for the life of me I fail to understand the difference between an Outlining page and a Writing page . Can one write but not outline or outline but not write ??? It seems to me that whether to write or to outline should be a choice of the user while they are working , not when they are creating one type of page or another before they started to work . I can use the same piece of paper for writing or outlining any time , why should I have to make this choice in an electronic form beforehand?Having Cells is a nice idea . On the other hand , if I have many cells on the same page , I fail to find a way to know how my notes would look when they are printed out on paper , since the concept of a Page in Notebook is different from a concept of a normal page
 After watching the demo on their web site . i placed an order and was pleasantly surprised . it performs as advertised . i am using it as a repository for network documentation .
 It is a great resource for organizing my presentations and notes when preparing to deliver a professional development session .
 I love this software !!! very helpful , and easy to use . a great organizer.Great job on this soft ware .
 I 'm happy with my software . It works just like you 'd expect it to . Also , the price was n't too bad either .
 I orderd Win XP with SP2 ... The price was right ... saved lots of money ... works just a unopened box would ... bought used from amazon . . the disk was in perfect condition ... Thanks Amazon
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000068II4 Screen Creator Deluxe 7 -RSB- You Will Find This Software To Be Easy To Install As Well As Quite Usefull .
 I used this typing software in school when I was in 4th grade , and when I used it I experienced that its a good typing software for Elementary School kids .
 I bought the game based on the TV show . In its roundabout way , it 's education through entertainment . As a parent you just hope the education sticks long after the entertainment has stopped.This game is fun for my young ones . The object is to stop a thief based on the description of the bystanders . You not only deduce the description of the criminal but also the country that is currently housing the thief 's next target.This can be fun for the whole family . I play with my children -LRB- ages 8-10 -RRB- in order to assist them in finding the geographic location . For now , the bystander 's descriptions can be a little too ambiguous for my kids ; it is easy enough for them to compile a description .
 This is a fun , great way to learn about the world . It was easy to install . I know it is rated for kids , but I love it as an adult
 good for educationup to date as possible in this changing world.We have had several others of these and enjoyed them also .
 Okay , the discs that came with the box delivered would not install . Getting a hold of Tech Support required scouting for the 416 number in Canada and leaving a voice mail message - not the best first impression . I did receive a return call about 4 hours later from Claire at Starry Night Tech Support . She said this was a known manufacturing problem affecting a small batch of product that went out , and she promised to send me a replacement set once I provided proof of purchase -LRB- a copy of Amazon 's confirmation e-mail sufficed -RRB- . Now that I have the program installed , I am quite pleased . It 's graphics are stunning especially compared to my old DOS version of Skyglobe.The Local View , which I use most frequently , has options to turn on or off Daylight , Local Horizon , Local and Distant Light Pollution . Of these , the 1st 2 provide dramatic differences in the realistic view of the sky . The latter two do n't really impress.Solar System objects are selectable too - Asteroids , Comets , Meteor showers , Planets and Satellites can all be turned on or off as are their labels.Constellation Options include Auto Identify , Boundaries , Illustrations -LRB- artsy , but superfluous in my view -RRB- , Labels and Stick Figures . The last of these offers five flavours , so most of you can find constellation stick figures to suit your taste.I found the Astronomical View a tad complex while the Asterisms were a tad over simplified compared to what I grew up with -LRB- again - Skyglobe -RRB- . Also available are Oriental Moon Stations , Rey&iacute;s and Zodiac.Deep Spave Objects can be selected -LRB- and labeled -RRB- . Drill deeper into space and you will see nice images of distant galaxies etc.The printouts are also fairly nice . Do n't expect a mirror image of the realistic view as displayed on the monitor . You get a nice star chart with what ever labels you selected in your Options.A really fun feature is the `` Spaceship '' option if you wish to take a little cruise around the local solar system , or zip off to distant galaxies . I would like to be able to turn off the onscreen targeting window -LRB- for lack of better term or inclination to look the term up -RRB- . But a nice feature none the less.I do n't use a telescope , so I ca n't comment on features geared towards amateur astronomers , but as a night sky enthusiast , I 'm more that satisfied with Starry Night.I had to delete the initial rating on this item because I did n't want a 1 star rating to remain in effect that was based solely on my displeasure over a non-installable set of discs . Had it worked straight out of the box , I would have given this product a 5 star rating .
 I was an astronomy enthusiast without any tools , until now . This is a great program , runs smoothly , and is as fun and educational as everyone raves . With 700 million light years of space to explore , the point and click option makes any visit possible . I have not made any successful landings with the spaceship mode ; that takes a little practice , but I have successfully collided with many deep space objects which has made my flying attempts rewarding all the same . So , I would recommend this program with great enthusiasm . May you have Clear Skies -LRB- An astronomer 's blessing -RRB-
 I do n't want to misrepresent as it is a very nice astronomy program . But , I was to understand that it could be dialed back to show the sky at various points in time and it can , just not as far as I was hoping it would .
 FPlan v8 has some of the best improvements of any version to date . In addition to new options for LightWorks Lighting and Materials the 8.2 update allows for below ground plane basements.It is the only program I know of that allows for the use of imports from it 's bundled Designer Cad program . You can use the hundreds of symbols included or make your own and import as 3ds files from Designer -LRB- a TurboCad light program -RRB- . Windows and Doors have unlimited sizing capablilites . UNLIMITED ! Any texture you wish to add can be done within the program . And VRML -LRB- virtual reality ` game like ' walkthoughs -RRB- can be created with touch of a button , with textures included.I 've seen the advances in this program for over 4yrs . Any negative comment here are from inexperienced users . In addition IMSI provides a free Forum for users to post questions and examples of thier work.I recommend the product to not only homeowners but remodeling contractors for creating both 3d Renderings and Working Drawings.Their is no product better for the price !!
 I have been a user since version 5 , and have used the software to visualize and build 2 properties to date.Starting with a new one soon ... One of the better and value for money products .
 I 'm user of IMSI FloorPlan versions since v4 of this program . And however it has experimented many changes through this years , nothing compared with the excellences of this last version.Obviously , as user , there are things that in my personal opinion could have been more developed or in other direction . Aswell as there are things that I still miss in such kind of programs -LRB- But it happens also with most of the competitors ones . And if any those ones have included such particular function or ability , those ones are just the most expensive ones -RRB- . Honestly , FloorPlan has evolutioned hand by hand to its users.Sometimes non CAD or 3D Desing experienced users may find some difficulties to do their 1st . steps . But there is are free forums and now also excellent additional books that can show each one to create spectacular and amizing projects . < P. . . The images contained will show you how powerfull FloorPlan v8 together with it 's bundle CAD program TurboCAD is .
 Thank 's amazon for makeing such a geart deall on this I was going to wait untill I got my money next month to get That one That I had on my wish list untill I seen This at a good price That I coulld go ahead , and get to get my Dream home start ; Thank you
 I 've been using occasionally for 3yrs and just now feeling confident to use all the features.This application requires more study and practice than 3D Home Architect , but the renderingsare much closer to realistic . The price is very low and the usefulness is good after a littlestruggle to learn the non-intuitive features . One reviewer complained about there being anactivation code , but I did n't have a problem with that . After easily obtaining the code bye-mail , I have removed and reloaded on new computers without a problem .
 Very comprehensive program w/seemingly countless options . Gorgeous rendering of sky . Lots of detail about virtually anything in the sky , including satellites . Have n't spent the time needed to be a pro with the program , but it has done everything I can think of trying -LRB- so far -RRB- . Great deal w/the rebate -LRB- assuming it gets honored -RRB- . Installation trick
 This program extensively has everything you could ever want or hope to have , and it is a very easy to use in simple format put together into one setting on the screen . Do n't worry if you do n't know anything about Astronomy , yes it does all the work , with awe animations and graphics ever so real . It also has BC and AD date ranges . New Software updates are always on the move for the new space discoveries . However , installation was long , I mean very long , the cd said it would take an hour , no problems , but even this was just a brand new average PC purchased , and after that it prompts me a warning about only having the minimum requirements meet particularly that of the graphics card . I got this product a year ago and it has diminished about $ 100 or more from Amazon . In my opinion overall a fairly good product , and I think it is the deal that is says it is , if you have the money and PC to do so .
 Very interactive and cool to see how the stars -LRB- and much more -RRB- work . Works great with Windows Vista and Windows 7 .
 Note that there is a newer version available . The newest version is Ver . 6 .
 This software has everything that you could ever want . It is very useful .
 I suspect the negative reviewers of this product must be expecting a $ 600 professional product for twenty bucks . I was able to download the software and , in a learning process , create 2 different complicated sets of business cards , a greeting card with one of my pictures included , and -LRB- this I love -RRB- put 6 different pictures on one 8-1/2 x 11 sheet , all in only two hours . And , I never needed to ask for ` help ' - the software is very intuitive ; very user friendly . Granted , this software is not for the professional . But , for an at-home user wanting to print a few pictures and make a few greeting cards , it 's the best $ 20 you 'll ever spent.p.s . - I 'm a Vista user - no problems here .
 I have been using FrontPage 2000 and 2002 since 1999 , using very simple stuff like shared borders and themes . When FrontPage 2003 came out , it worked just different enough to totally confuse me . I never did figure it out and simply went back to 2002 . Since Microsoft has now dropped FrontPage , I figured I needed to evaluate Expression Web . Again , it was baffling . It looked somewhat like FrontPage , but I did n't have a clue how to use the package . Finally , I purchased the Total Training for Microsoft Expression Web DVD training course . Wow ! Instructor Janine Warner clearly and logically showed me how to actually use the package , including things I had never tried like CSS . Without Janine 's training , I never would have figured out what to do with EW . The Total Training package is excellent , and Janine did a super job .
 A while back the web developer we had hired at work moved away leaving us with an unsupported web site . OK , no big deal , it happens every day but I decided that I need to bring it in house so that we never find ourselves over that particular barrel again . MS Expression Web seemed to fit our needs and this set of training DVDs from Total Training was just the thing I needed to learn my way around the world of CSS and how to use MS Expressions Web.Janine Warner delivers the material with warmth and humor . She obviously has a mastery of the subject and I felt like I was learning by working alongside an accomplshed colleague . I was very pleasantly surprised by how much I learned and how quickly I learned it . Recently my nephew was charged with developing a web site for his employer and I bought him a copy right away . This is a great way of learning web development and an easy step into Cascading Style Sheets .
 I have this installed on my iBook , and will be buying it for my work machines . It works well , and I have had no problems with it.Despite what other reviewers have said , there was a time when viruses for the Mac were extremely prevalent and were more common that PC ones . It is also beneficial to have the protection and notification when you work in a mixed PC/Mac environment .
 I found this program to be excellent as an anti-virus program . Know it or not , the first Trojan Horse designed to attack macs has been found . V. 9.0.2 will protect your Mac against any virus you encounter .
 This product should have never been released . Clearly Ulead is getting product to market to gain market share when it was obvious the product was n't ready . The software had too many flaws such as long delays between menu screens and chapter title text input . It was flawed from a usability standpoint , slow menu creation performance , extremely slow DVD compilation but the results were great . It just required alot of patience.Well it seems Ulead got their act together and that 's the reason I 'm writing this review . Hopefully everyone can benefit . Ulead has put out a couple of updates to this product that make it a pleasure to use . If you plan on purchasing this -LRB- and I recommend you do -RRB- you 'll have to apply the updates to the product your purchasing . But its well worth it . Trust me . The updates can be found at http://www.ulead.com/tech/dmf/dmf_ftp.htm . First apply Part I then apply Part II.Here 's what has changed with the update . For a multiple menu screen DVD you can apply a common menu title -LRB- and font -RRB- across all the menu screens -LRB- this was manual before and slow -RRB- . Changing chapter titles , menu titles , or moving between menus is very fast -LRB- less than a second as oppose to 20 to 30 seconds and i have a pretty fast machine -RRB- . The act of moving through a file to set chapter points is faster . DVD compilation has been sped up tremendously to reasonable times -LRB- what took hours is now accomplished in under one hour -RRB- . This is now a great product that you can quickly produce quality DVD 's of home videos . Menu creation is simple -LRB- and now fast -RRB- , and you have the ability to burn directly to disc or output to your hard drive -LRB- to burn with your perferred package -RRB- . I have had absolutely no audio sync issues . The DVD 's come out perfect.I looked at a bunch of packages before I settled on this -LRB- even with the initial flaws -RRB- . The quality was great so I put up with the flaws . But one note on the menu creation . I had to weigh between products that allowed you to have absolute control over designing the menu -LRB- Adobe Encore , DVD Lab Pro -RRB- and a tool such as this that did not give absolute control but provided a variety of templates -LRB- you work within the templates sandbox -RRB- . I tried both styles and found that for me the manual menu creation of Encore and DVD Lab Pro , while its great , it was more time than I was willing to put into the process . These are home videos not commercial videos for a business . MovieFactory allows you to choose from a variety of templates that define the number of chapters on a single menu screen and the location and size of the chapter windows . The same template has to be applied to all the menu screens in the DVD compilation . It allows you to set your own custom jpg background , motion menus -LRB- thats an Adobe Encore add-on product -RRB- , and menu background music . I refused to consider any product that did n't produce great end results regardless of how great the product usability was . Of these products , the reason I chose MovieFactory was the motion menus -LRB- are really nice -RRB- and it takes me ten minutes to create a quality menu structure . Thats a trade-off you 'll need to decide for yourself and your particular situation.Highly recommended purchase .
 frankly any dvd authoring software under say $ 200 is not particuarly powerful.this one is however one of the best . I use several different programs to make my home like videos . I have found not one package in this price range to let me design the ` menu ' the way I want . . that is like the ones the commercial movies have.this one is no exception . But it does have a lot of features for the price . Including one I use every day ... namely editing out commercials . it 's called multi cut and trim . Of the ones in this price range it is the only one that has it -LRB- that seems to actually work -RRB- . caution , it is a slow program . slower then some less capeable programs.you might consider their more costly editing program but you wo n't get much more flexability .
 This product is great ! I made a DVD movie in less than an hour -LRB- granted I did n't edit the movie -RRB- . Just straight drag and drop.I used several packages before , mainly , bundled ones with the recorder and it used to take hours -LRB- I 'm SERIOUS -RRB- just to encode the video . The built-in encoder engine is quick compare to others.BTW , I 'm running the 30 days Trial Version . I 'll buy it when it expires .
 I recently purchased a DVD burner drive and the burning software bundled with it caused problems with my newly reloaded Win2000 operating system ... as it usually does.I tried downloaded versions of a number of burning software programs , until I tried ULead Moviefactory and it worked very well for me , without taking over my entire computer , so I checked the boxed disk version at Amazon and found it for a very reasonable price . I 've purchased it and have been happy with the software , ever since . It 's cheaper here in the box , than downloading it from ULead , directly.I have a few `` small button '' issues with the frame advance interface of the program , during the editing process , but they are relatively minor . The program is fairly easy to figure out and use without reading the entire manual over and over to make sense of it.I have tried tons of burning software and still use the free and cheap stuff for CD 's because of their simplicity and quality of burn , but ULead DVD Moviefactory Disk Creator 3.0 should be one of the top three DVD/CD burning suites , from my experiences . The only mistakes , I have encountered , have been through user error , and even then , I have n't made a coaster , yet . I 've been using it for about four or five months , and it only gets better .
 If only all software were this way . It 's so simple you do n't even need to read the instructions . It 's very intuitive . And it works . The creative control is not as great as Ulead 's DVD Workshop 2 , but almost -LRB- and much less expensive -RRB- . Amazon 's price is unbeatable . I have not see any DVD authoring software that is is this good and simple to use .
 I 've been looking for a good home movie transfering software for several months , and after reading many reviews and trying many trials , I can say that this one is best in the under $ 100 price point ! If ONLY they had made it easier to snip little pieces out of the middle of clips instead of having to do splits and markers , it would have been a 5 + instead of a 5 - . It also offers options on sound so that you wo n't have to bother with resetting your set top DVD player . Do n't pay attention to the ` pro ' reviews at popular PC magazine sites on this product . They are wrong . I highly recommend over anything else out there .
 I got the trial for this program , because I tried DVD creator that came with my computer which is a losusy program the image and sound sometimes skipped , when you watched de VCD or the DVD . By the way I could n't watch my home movies in the living room 's DVD . So I tried different DVD editors . I downloaded several tials and the two best were ArcSoft Showbiz 2 and this one , but this one cost me about a third of what the showbiz program costs , so it was a no brainer get this one that also includes disc copier , a fast one by the way , a Photo Slide Show Disc . You can create either DVDS os VCDs , music cds including MP3 CDS OR MP3 DVD 's but you ca n't convert audio files to MP3 the only weakness . You can also create data CD 's and also edit previously recorded and not yet closed cds.It 's everypennies worth . Best of all is not as intimidating as Nero 6 or unastable as roxio Easys CD and Dvd creator.Don ' t think you can make hollywood kind of DVD 's but at least you can impress your family with menus , chapters , this is very important if you are in a hurry and want to watch just a particular scene , so you do n't have to fast forward or rewind the disc.I recommend it and it 's mre like 4.5 stars .
 I am ecstatic about this product . `` DVD MovieFactory 3.0 '' works so much better than the `` Click to DVD 1.3 '' software that came with my Sony Vaio . The user interface is not quite as intuitive as `` Click to DVD '' , but I have a lot more flexibility to be creative with my menus , background images , and background music.Most importantly , `` DVD MovieFactory '' is fast and reliable . `` Click to DVD '' crashes a lot . I wonder why I did n't buy `` DVD MovieFactory '' sooner . So , now that I have great DVD authoring software , I spend my time watching my videos instead of frustrating myself with trying to create them . Thanks , Ulead !
 You will not regret spending you money for this software . If you are looking for a software for DVD burning and video editting , you are at the right place . Trouble free , effecitve , easy to use .
 I have been using Lotur Organizer for over 10 years and it to be one of the best to use .
 The latest version of Amorphium -LRB- 3.0 -RRB- is finally on my short list of 3d tools that I prefer to use . Prior to this , Amorphium was good enough to use on occasion for specific tweaks , but it 's now powerful enough to do full stage modeling . The addition of TIN is great . It allows you to build models using a low resolution cage and ramp up the detail slowly and only where needed . You can also use the FX menu to modify TIN cages as well as masking . -LRB- TIN is a similar system to ubernurbs which are implemented in electric image 's professional program called Universe . -RRB- I find Amorphium to be intuative and the interface to be uncluttered . You can select to do single pane , dual or quad views . The program is now on hybrid CD and requires no usb key . So there 's not only Windows but Mac OS 9 and X versions on one CD . Do n't let the price fool you ... there 's alot of power and potential here . I 've seen someone model an entire human body from scratch in amorphium . -LRB- . . not just a Poser file that he simply modified . -RRB- So . . if you 'd like to try your hand at 3d , but have always gotten run off by the price , I think you 'll be happy with Amorphium . Programs with this much capability used to cost upwards of a thousand bucks only a few years ago . For mac users , here 's an affordable , OSX native , and very capable 3d program . The only negative that I can find with it is that the manual is on PDF ... an unfortunate trend in 3d nowadays ... but it does make the programs less expensive . -LRB- FWIW , I think Electric Image has taken both Universe and Amorphium back `` in house '' . Play inc exists no longer . Back in the early days of Amorphium , it was produced by Play . -RRB-
 If you already own a copy of windows , there is no need to buy an additional license . Just buy this and install windows on top of it . It works perfectly -LRB- see the Connectix Corp webpage -RRB- . Its the same product as the Virtual PC with the OS packs .
 I decided to upgrade to Virtual PC 6 . I heard good things and bad things . So , to figure out I had to install it myself . I immediately noticed a huge speed increase when running Windows XP . Many apps were actually usable . With CPUs becoming faster , Virtual PC will be a pleasure to use . You ca n't play games that use a lot of 3D graphics , but simple games are somewhat playable , even games like SimCity 3000 . If you want to run Windows apps on a Mac , get the new version .
 Anyone with a website has probably looked with envy at the flash or web banners they have seen on the Internet . The beauty of using Motion Artist is the fact that you do n't have to go through the complicated task of learning scripting in order to make your presentations work . The program is highly intuitive , but you do need to read the help files to get it up and running . In addition to web banners and flash , the program allows you to create photo albums and slide shows of your favorite photographs . I would recommend this program for teachers who want to use it as a teaching tool in their classrooms . There are many templates and wizards to help you get started with your project , but if you ca n't find the one you want , you can create your own with ease . Once you have created an animation , you can export it as a SWF , AVI or MOV format file . These file formats allow you to use Motion Artist with other graphic programs to assemble longer films . I highly recommend Motion Artist for those who want to make their projects come alive .
 Item was not what I expected . Need several add-ons to complete project software was intended for . But item was shipped fast , well packaged . Just had to spend a few more bucks to really get full use of product .
 Do n't waste your money on this version , get the standard version . While it does say on the box and common marketing material that it supports multiple displays , what it does not point out is that this is only true -LRB- PC -RRB- if you have a video card-PER-display ! If you are a mac user you can ignore this annoyance.I am extremely frustrated that ColorVision does not make this very clear in their comparison of versions.Otherwise the calibration is fine , I have not tested the printer side of the software just yet .
 Take a few minutes to read directions -LRB- I know , I know -RRB- . Then just follow instructions . After calibrating and following all the software prompts , I now get consistent results in that prints look like the monitor proof .
 The ColorVision Spyder2PRO is working flawlessly with my iMac G5 monitor . It has improved my prints by more accurately helping color profile my monitor and Epson Printer . The supplier shipped my order just as was promissed .
 I have read several reviews and decided the Spyder2Pro would be a good monitor color calibrator for me . I have a Samsung 970P monitor with all adjustments via software . The calibration process is very simple and all you have to do is follow the menu of questions during the calibration process.I like the Spyder2Pro and would recommend it highly .
 I bought a high end Dell with Vista Ultimate and a Quadro FX 1500 video card . As I expected , there was a slight bluish tint to the screen , but I was not worried because I expected that the card would have controls to counter balance the caste . The normal Nvidia Quadro cards do , but the ones in the Dell do not . They were so vanilla it was incredible . After I found that there were not any updated drivers , the last was from December 2006 , I was really upset . As a last resort I got the Spyder2Pro . I do n't know whether I made many changes or whether I could have used the Express , but the results were fantastic . My grays were all neutral . I am an artist and need to transfer work between different computers . All my other monitors were fine . Now this one looks the same as the others which are as I like them . I have n't tried any of the other software yet , but I wanted to write how great this product was.Don ' t worry about the print documentation that comes with it . The on screen documentation and help menus are great and are all that you need.If you are using Vista , there is an update on Colorvision 's web site .
 Spyder Pro Sensor works well , print fix program is a joke!I now have true colors on my LCD screens setup was efforless , happy with proformance.It now seems that i cant get anything to print correctly to match the screen though ? Printfix program includes is meant to fix this but is slow and labot intensive to get anything calibrated , waste huge ammounts of ink and paper ?
 Very pleased with ColorVision 's Spyder2PRO monitor calibrator . Easy to use and produces great results . The colors in the digital photos that I print and what I order online now match what I see on my monitor .
 Very easy user interface . Detects dual monitor setups . Can calibrate your monitor even if you do n't have any hardware controls on the unit like the iMac and the other Apple displays . Reminds you when you need to recalibrate . Results are pretty nice . Monitors look great . If you are serious about digital photography this is a must .
 Very easy user interface . Detects dual monitor setups . Can calibrate your monitor even if you do n't have any hardware controls on the unit like the iMac and the other Apple displays . Reminds you when you need to recalibrate . Results are pretty nice . Monitors look great . If you are serious about digital photography this is a must .
 After using other color management software , I found Spyder2PRO the best . I believe it is the most accurate and precise . It is straight forward and easy to use . I get the results I am looking for .
 I 've been using Spyder 2PRO for several months to edit video on a Mac Book Pro 17 ' with a secondary monitor , switching between several different types of monitors including LCD and NTSC . During startup , the Mac determines which monitor is connected and applies the appropriate profile . After getting the hang of the software , matching monitor calibration was achieved and the relevant data stored with each monitor 's profile . The only drawback has been the lack of Mac Book Pro 's individual brightness and contrast manual controls which required several passes through monitor setup to find the best combination . After checking the calibrations using SMPTE color bars with a blue filter I am quite pleased with the results . Tips for the novice
 I found it quick and simple to connect the `` spyder '' up and profile my display for printing on my Epson R1800 . The results were astounding . Perfectly matched prints on the first try .
 I have struggle for the last year trying to get my monitors calibrated correctly . Spyder2 pro was very easy to use on one monitor . I have had difficulty getting 2 monitors on one computer calibrated at the same time . Now , I just calibrate one monitor and use it exclusively for photo work . It even did a great job on my laptop . I have not used the printer calibration yet .
 The spyder 2PRO is easy to use and works well . I have n't color corrected with my lab yet but already my images look much better on my lacie screen . It is worth the money to be able to see what you 're doing to an image .
 I found this device and software to be entirely user-friendly , and to do exactly what it is advertised to do . The instructions are complete , and easy to understand . The process took about half an hour , and the results were amazing!Spyder2PRO
 Very simple and easy to use , install it ... run through the wizard and poof , amazing results .
 It does the basic job well . The calibration runs smoothly and accurately . Hardware looks and feels solid . My two completely different brand , size and age CRT monitors ended up with exactly the same colors sitting side by side.User interface is merely adequate . Pop up help instructions are better than many I have seen . You will need to know already how the calibration buttons on your monitors work -LRB- the hardwired buttons on the monitor , not software -RRB- . In order to make any edits you must run the entire time consuming calibration over . Sometimes you can use `` back '' within the calibration , sometimes you must start over . Also the separate `` profile chooser '' utility software , has not add or delete profile feature - even if it is a profile created and saved by the calibration software earlier . You can see it with windows display properties , but it may not appear in the profile chooser list.Dual monitors is the one obvious reason to choose pro over plus version . Yes , it does dual monitors , but with an asterisk . It will create separate profiles , but will only apply the correct profiles automatically at startup to both monitors if you have two separate video cards . If you have a single video card with dual outputs , it will load the same profile -LRB- the last one you created -RRB- to both monitors at startup . This quirk is documented in a readme file on the installation disk -LRB- and blames windows for the problem -RRB- , but this limitation appears nowhere in advertising material , catalogs , or on the box . Fortunately there is a work around -LRB- not documented -RRB- at least with my particular video card and running XP . After windows opens , you can run profile chooser then choose the correct profile for each monitor . You may have to use windows display properties settings to specify default profile and rerun the calibration to get the profiles you want to appear in profile chooser and to select the correct profile as default.Once it 's all set up , running profile chooser is a four of five click procedure , but you must rememeber to check it before using any application that uses color profiles . And check it after you open the application . I 've had them change after opening photoshop - though not every time .
 Previously I owned ColorVision 's Spyder2 program and was quite satisfied with it . It did not include , however , a program for correcting the printer 's color rendition . The new Spyder2Pro includes PrintFix Plus . This along with the monitor correction Spyder2Pro works very effectively . I am very happy with the program . For the price it is a great addition to Photoshop editing . The Spyder program allows the monitor and printer to show a print that reflects what the user has taken in his digital camera . I have not found any particular negatives about the program . In the past I have used their tech service for fine tuning the program . They were very responsive and helpful . .
 I bought this because I try to take photography seriously and needed my images to look right on the screen while editing.The software does an okay job of getting this done right.My problem is with the printer calibration software in that it supports a limited amount or printers.I have four Epson printers none of which are supported.It 's kind of disappointing for the price you pay for this.-Mario
 I upgraded from the Spyder2Express , not really an upgrade because its cheaper to just purchase the pro version than it is to get the upgrade , which means I ended up with a spare device.On my mac the dual screen supports just works , I use a single card with two outputs and it does support two profiles at the same time . Worked first time , but Mac dual screen support is much better than Windows.I also calibrated my Windows systems and my laptop with no issues.Makes the complex task of calibrating your screens pretty simple.One point to highlight before you start though and this applies to ANY product of this type.You simply MUST try to learn what you are attempting to do BEFORE starting any calibration process . If you do not know what the device is trying to do , then you will have problems . Color management is a complex process , expecting this device to simplify it while ignoring all the other aspects of a color managed workflow is a recipe for failure.This applies to Gretag and the others as well .
 I bought the Spyder2Pro for the specific task of color calibrating my dual monitor setup . 1 monitor being my 15 '' MacBookPro the other a 22 `` Samsung LCD . Installed the software and ran the setup on both screens . Worked better than I could hope . ** One thing that I noticed was that you have to run it more than once with different ambient lighting to get the desired color settings . The ambient light feature really changes color -LRB- wether you have sunlight , flourecent , incandecent ect . -RRB- you just have to keep running it till you like what you see and if it matches your printouts . Took me twice on each monitor with different BG lighting -LRB- I found a room lit by indirect sunlight the best -RRB- . On my apple the Dual Monitor thing DOES work flawlessly , I am able to run 2 different color profiles at the same time -LRB- 1 for each monitor -RRB- .
 I was n't sure which version I should buy . I knew I needed to calibrate my monitor , but that was all I knew . After the purchase , I am happy and think that it is a great product , but I have not used any of the expanded features this version offers . The low end would have been more then enough for my part time digital photography business needs . I do n't have a high end monitor or a high end video card . I have typical equipment . I benefited from the purchase , but feel I should have bought the low end version . The hardware is the same in either case .
 This product is easy to use . Why are the directions so difficult to wade through ? I ended up calling customer service , after reading the printed material and searching the CD materials . The major hangup was getting past the little popup window inside the folder with the product icon
 It was time to bit the bullet and really calibrate my monitors . All you read about is how important it is to `` calibrate your monitor '' . If you are like me , it 's hard to buy something you are only going to use a few times a year so you think you can get away with calibrating visually with some of the freebies out there . I was shocked at how off my monitors really were -LRB- the Spyder2Pro gives you a before and after selection when you are finished -RRB- . If you are like me , I always read many reviews on products before I purchase which helps me decide what to do and wonder about the people giving the reviews . I happen to work on 4 dual monitor work stations and several other single monitor computers so this was really worth the money . As far as ease of use , I had no problems understanding the calibration proceedure Color Vision gave . All but 2 of my monitors are LCD so I could lean them back at a slight angle to have the spyder rest properly . The 2 CRT 's are in my Green Screen Room and are used for direct video capture using Sony Vegas . I am not one for photos or other `` screen saver '' junk . My monitors are all set to neutral gray ... strictly business . It 's wonderful to see all the monitors exactly the same . I also print on an Epson 4800 so I need to know prints are going to look like my edits in Photoshop . Good Job ColorVision!Worth the purchase .
 Having seen this product demonstrated at a recent photographic conference I purchased it as soon as I got home . When it arrived I immediately calibrated my PC monitor and Epson digital projector . The process is very simple with easy to follow screen prompts that walk you through the process . My images have been taken to a new level of color accuracy.This was the best investment I could have made to advance my photograpic color accuracy .
 Very pleased , excellent results . Software gets updated fuss free regularly . Ongoing support . Works great for me .
 I bought this product because it has the best value
 This is a great tool to insure that the edits you make on digital photographs produce the results you want in final prints . Intuitive to use , quick calibration , and useful reminders for periodic re-calibrations make this product a no-brainer for digital photographers .
 Works great . Use it on a macbook pro about every month and its needed!Simply a must own for serious graphics people .
 I found the Spyder2Pro to be overall , an easy product to use ... although it did take some doing , and a bit of time , to get the calibration device to sit flat on my notebook screen . I would say that was a big downside to using this device . I also did not see much of a difference -LRB- if any -RRB- in the before and after screen , after calibrating my monitor ... I have one other notebook computer -LRB- a smaller VAIO which is my take-out-in-the-field computer -RRB- , but have not yet taken the time to calibrate this one to see if there is a difference .
 I give only 4 stars because I usually work with 10.000 $ spectrophotometers and the tolerance of this little fellow is not amazing for what I intended to use . However it is very good for most of the day to day calibration for print , digital cameras , scanner , ICC profiles and monitors.walter
 Excellent results on my iMac 24 '' screen . Screen prompts eliminate error of use and very simple to follow . If you have a critical color eye and attitude as it relates to your work flow ; this is a `` must have '' program .
 i have seen the bad reveiws and i have no idea what there talking about ! its a nice game that has some hard games and some easy games . the graohics are a little bad but once you start the game you wont even care . it extremley cute and nice and well worth the money .
 This game was OK , but the graphics ? ugh . I mean it looks like everything-and everyone-was made of blocks ! The beginning wo n't work that well on my Windows XP , but other than that , it 's pretty fun to play . -LRB- I like to play the gem through the tunnel maze and the maze on the giant 's table -RRB- I guess I have to get a new video card for the graphics problem . Anyways , one time I played the game and I got to the guy-that-has-the-ice-jewel 's house the screen suddenly went blank.A few minutes later an error message popped up and said ` your computer has a serious error ' . have you ever seen that ? anyways , very fun to play , just make sure you have the right video card , -LRB- a 32-bit will do , maybe -RRB- . Please vote on my review ! PS.Its very fun to play , but i never saw the movie before . ` BARBIE LOVER '
 My 2 5-year-olds and I love this game . A few of the scenes had difficult controls , like the log jumping , but the games were just hard enough to be challenging for them , but not so hard that they could n't eventually get them , after I 'd helped them a couple of times . They improved their mouse control with the map-through-the-shelf puzzle and the crystal-through-the-caves puzzle . The matching games were also at a good level for them . And the mazes were again challenging but not frustrating . They played this for many hours - there are many games in each area , rather than just the 5 of some of the other Barbie games . The graphics seemed fine most of the time . My only irritation was the inability to make a backup copy of the disc - kids are rough on CDs , never mind I had twins and they had to take turns .
 I bought this game for my daughter , she loves Barbie , it 's a fun game for her , but the 3-D graphics are not great , and the graphics overall need updating , especially for a modern pc game.I do n't like the fact that you ca n't use a mouse to control your character , you have to use the arrow keys , which I have not seen used for game playing on a pc since the old Vic and Commodore computers . If you can get the game cheap and love Barbie then it would be ok , but if you want modern graphics and mouse ability , and not just wild about Barbie , then this is n't it .
 The game basically follow the story from beginning , it makes my 6 yr old daughter very happy . I think its ok they remove the part of 3 wives . But I was a little shock when I see the bad guy turn into ac . cat?The 2D pictures are pretty , like watercolor painting.The mouse control is not very smooth , and many of the mini game use old fashion keyboard & space to control . It makes some of the mini games hard for kids . They do n't have the skill to pass the game by themselves . But you can say itfs good for training their little hand function . My daughter catches up the game after I show her how to pass them the first time.The 3D graphic is a little bit ugly . The girl does n't look like a princess and the 3D view make my daughter dizzy . But after she gets used to it , she likes the game.Itfs a windows XP game and I bought the used one on Amazon for $ 1 + $ 3.99 shipping . Shouldnft ask too much . I 'll give it 4 stars .
 This a `` more '' 3D game than the Swan Lake game because you actually move around in 3D environment.At first I thought this game was really boring -LRB- compared to Swan Lake -RRB- . BUT my four-year old daughter persisted and continued to play , and she eventually figured out amazing parts of the game that the beginning had completely belied .
 My 5 and 3 year old girls play this game constantly and they both can win it without assistance . Great game .
 This computer game is lots of fun for my granddaughter . It took her a while to get into it , because in the beginning she got a bit frustrated with the program , going round in circles , but eventually she got through the intitial stages and then she loved it . She is 10 years old and pretty handy with her computer games.I can recommend this game based on her experiences with it .
 We LOVE this game at our house . My little ones are 4 and 5 and play it over and over again . We have the CD-Rom version and the graphics are nice . The puzzles and games are age appropriate for 4 and 5 year old children . The game recommends age 5 and up , but I can see why so many reviewers were disappointed . This is not something an older child would like . The puzzles are a little on the easy side -- matching , etc. and perfect for younger children . Great if you have a little Barbie fan or two . Parents of older children should skip this one .
 We have a 4 1/2 year old girl -LRB- in preschool -RRB- . She had seen the movie so knew the characters and the goal of the game . That is ... to make the wand of light and conquer Winlock . She completed most of the game on her own . She did need help with the moving icebergs . She got frustrated when trying to move Annika onto the icebergs as they moved quickly . Other than that , she really enjoyed the game . There are lots of puzzle type games . There are matching games and I must say they made them challenging , which is good . It really makes the child analyze the pieces to find out which two are alike . Your child must have good hand and eye coordination to get through this game.So , I say , buy this game if your child has had previous experience navigating using a mouse AND using the arrow keys on the keyboard . Your child also needs to know what the `` space bar '' is as it is used in the game to `` jump '' and `` collect '' things.In comparison to Barbie Mermaid , this was definitely more challenging . Good game for 4 year olds and perhaps 5 year olds .
 Hi Amazon ! This s nothing comapared to Pet Vet 3-D ! I 'm getting this game tomorrow and i ca n't wait ! The graphics look great and even though everybody dislikes it , i love it ! I 'm also getting it With Barbie As Princess And The Pauper with it . Both of them look really fun and i ca n't wait to get them!Celeste Stewart .
 You know folks , this is what IT IS - It 's Barbie . This is a fun game that my 6 and 8 year old girls love to play . It is not an indepth game that will challenge their cognative skills . Its a fun , girly kinda game . But , they like to play it over and over again . What more can you ask ? True , the graphics seem to be a step back . -LRB- OK , may be two or three steps backwards -RRB- but the game itself is fun and That Is What I Wanted . After seeing the amazing graphics of my husband 's new game , Far Cry , it really acsentuates the disparity between the graphic quality of a ` grown up game ' vs. a ` kids game ' . I 'd love to see such detailed graphics on a Barbie Game ... wishfull thinking . But the game is fun . Simplistic , yes . But fun !
 I am a teacher and bought this for my grandkids . I love it and they love it ! It is fun for us to do together , but a 4 year old can catch on quickly . My grandson can now add , subtract , use logic , read , and what is more important , have fun with his Nana .
 Fewer items -LRB- card , artwork , etc. -RRB- needing to be downloaded off of the internet ! MORE graphics ! You can now save your projects in PDF File Format ! There are now seals -LRB- not the kind that swims in water -RRB- and timepieces that can be used . More decorative numbers & letters . MORE craft projects than ever before ! And now the KidPix Software Application available right at your finger-tips . WOW , what a blast to work with ! Iam able to send this to you because I was able to get the DVD version directly from Broderbund a few days ago . VERY PLEASED with this program .
 I have done it ! If you have version 8 of CreataCard , you can install it in Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bit . Close ALL other applications including your antivirus software , BEFORE starting the install . Windows 7 will warn you that it is incompatible with some drivers , but the message is non-specific . I just ignored and proceeded . It works just fine . The fellow that I got this tip from has had it running for over a year . Microsoft 's compatibility web page still lists CAC as incompatible , however from my experience , this is simply untrue for version 8 . It is evident that CreataCard version 8 was produced in a 32 bit version . It is probable that earlier versions were 16 bit and Windows 7 does not have the ability to run 16 bit applications.You do NOT need XP compatibility mode or Win7 Professional version .
 I have had a lot of card makers and Creata Card is the best one i have ever had . It is so easy to make cards , address labels , and just creating your own cards . And it is so easy with Creata Card . Thia ia my second creata card .
 I had this product over six years . I made many greeting cards that I saved . What is neat about this product is that you can go on line and get fresh cards and down load them . To my dismay when my computer went into the shop for repairs they lost my CreataCard CD . I was like an addict without a fix . I could not get excess to my saved Cards and I could not make new ones . Also no new product would do the same . I was lucky to find an used CreataCard and now I await for it 's arrival .
 I think that the Hallmark Card deluxe 2000-2004 is great.I think it helps kids draw and helps to make thier family happy.If possible try to send me as many of these a possible without goingover $ 20.00 . Thank you so much dianna
 I do n't know why so many people have written that they find this item hard to use . I installed it with no problem , and use it almost every day to make beautiful cards and stationary and envelopes . People are always asking me how I do it , and they want to get the CreataCard Gold 8 , also . There is great variety , and you can make the cards and labels in any one of hundreds of ways . I am buying one right now from Amazon.com as a gift to someone who admires my stationary creations very much .
 well , its a easy product , but it is just I hope buy , it arrive on time and the way I waiting
 I need a copy of these cards , I have the CreateaCard 8 , and it has lots of flaws in it , because I used it so much . The gold 8 is not as good as the Patinum 8 , but I am glad to get this one . I would love another Platinum if you ever have it at a reasonable price . Thaks for the one I have.Mudpuppy Sweet Treats Create-A-Card Set Multi
 I have used and enjoyed this product for more than 6 years . I enhance the cards with glitter , my own sayings , buttons , bows , ribbons and much more . It was easy to install and user friendly . I keep hoping they will upgrade with fresh ideas . I have had other products but I keep this one and refer , often , to the cards in my gallery .
 I have up dated to the above cd and I want 3 more of the same . However I tried to do your newer one and can not get it . My Daughters have also gotten your newest cd and thay can not get going . How can I get 3 more CD 's like I have ? This is what it says on my CD that we all love . Your first CDs were easy to use for us who are learning.Application / mindscape-88 Rowland Way Novato , Ca. 94945 / www.mindscape.com / American Greetings 3 CreataCard Plus / Windows 95/98 CD-ROM . Hope you can help me find these . Thank you , Gail Neal , 266 Rockhill San Antonio , Texas 78209 . 210-822-3640 .
 For those who hate Outlook and its bareness , this is the program to get . It 's easy , intuitive , comes with great features which you probably will never explore totally . Definitely recommended purchase .
 Enjoy the ease of use of the program . Would like it to integrate with Outlook .
 Very inexpensive way to track events in your life and with style .
 I 've happily used several versions of Calendar Creator at home . I choose a different category/color for displaying each family member 's appointments , so it is easy to see who is busy at a glance . The repeating events algorithm is very powerful.I upgraded from 6 to 7 when Broderbund added the capability to drag & drop events from one cell to another . Contrary to another reviewer , I CAN move events using the drag and drop method or by using the Cut/Copy/Paste capabilities.In 2004 we switched from 7 to 10 as soon as we found out that Deluxe 10 can export to PDF . This is fabulous ! I still print out a multi-week calendar for our refrigerator , but now I ALSO export it to a PDF file and then email it to my spouse at work , so he remembers what 's up . We installed version Deluxe 10 on a Windows XP machine with no trouble.Watch out if you want to integrate this with your Palm Pilot . I wanted to sync the Calendar Creator calendar data with my Palm , but keep the Palm address book . This is not possible . For versions 6,7,8,9 , and still for 10 you have to use BOTH the Calendar Creator calendar and address book or NEITHER . Therefore I do n't put calendar data onto my Palm . It would n't mesh perfectly anyway because the Palm calendar a -RRB- has a less sophisticated repeat algorithm and b -RRB- does n't use categories .
 I read the reviews on ` Calendar Creator 10 Deluxe ' and was amazed at all the negative comments . But for the price it sold for I figured I 'd try it anyway . Results
 I 've read reviews where someone had an installation problem and a few more where they had trouble running the program.There is absolutely nothing hard about opening your CD or DVD drive , dropping in the CD and following the instructions on which installation you want to proceed with . It 's child proof!And once the program is loaded on your harddrive , it 's absolutely one of the best program 's developed for the PC.The only thing still missing from the earliest version of Calendar Creator that I miss is the individual pics of the moon-phases with the discriptsion underneath . I wonder why they have n't brought that back , since most calendars you see have the pics of the moon-phases .
 I 've had no problems in installing or using this version . I had an earlier version and it is much the same with additional attributes such as being able to save as an Adobe Acrobat File . I would recommend it to any future buyers .
 I bought this for my office to edit videos from a DVD recorder . So right off the bat I was happy that it has a function to import video straight from a DVD . In addition it can convert most any video to mpeg and is fairly quick . There are some handy video editing features such as color correction and de-interlace . It also has a menu creator but only uses about 5 templetes but you can choose alternate image backgrounds . Also it burns to DVD video and has the ability to burn data DVDs . It does not copy data DVDs but otherwise is a fully functioning program for any novice .
 I have bought both Encarta and Britannica for years -LRB- EB in printed edition too
 I thought that the 2004 , edition of Encarta Reference Library was the ultimate refernce resource and I still think it is . Encarta Reference Library is a winner for every new user , especially if you are running 2003 and older versions . For the 2004 user of Encarta , not much has changed , except for the kids corner , and thats the big target of this edition , if you have kids they are more likely to benefit from it more . Its more tutor oriented and aims to keep them organized and ready for the class room with a sort of activity center approach to getting school work and home work done.This Digital Encyclopedia is a must for students , who want concise and accurate information relating to what they are learning in school . But the fun does not stop on DVD 's , users are able to expand their searching capabilities and knowledge to the Internet , through MSN Encarta . That why if you recently purchased 2004 , I would recommend you stick with it and update it until the subscription is done then you can purchase version 2005 . There has been no major improvement in video quality but they do give a visual concept of life in countries whether it may be about people or animals . Whether its technology , science or history Encarta Reference Library 2005 gives you the information you need and expands the knowledge resource even further with the Internet . The program still lacks up to date images , but comparing the DVD to the 5 disk Set , you get more content on DVD . Its faster and certainly reduces disk swapping.I have always admired Encarta for its approach to presenting information in a visual stunning and easy to understand way . Comparing this to a set of books would be a dishonour , because Encarta keeps current and more efficient.Who Should Upgrade?Well , it depends , if you need to get the latest and most up to date reference information on topics relating to our world , Encarta 2005 is must upgrade especially if you want to reduce disk swapping and go for the DVD Edition , but if you recently purchased 2004 , just update it until subscription runs out then purchase the new version .2000 , 2001 , 2002 and even 2003 users will find this update a necessary change to their reference collection . But students and teachers are the ones who will benefit the most from magnitude of information.I ca n't wait to see whats in Encarta Reference Library 2006 , I hope to see better DVD quality video footage and updated images !
 The Encarta Encyclopedia - and even more so , the Encarta Reference Library Premium 2005 - is an impressive reference library . It caters effectively -LRB- and , at $ 70 , cheaply -RRB- to the educational needs of everyone in the family , from children as young as 7 or 8 years old to adults who seek concise answers to their queries . It is fun-filled , interactive , colorful , replete with tens of thousands of images , video clips , and audio snippets.The Encarta is extremely user-friendly , with its search bar and novel Visual Browser . It comes equipped with a dictionary , thesaurus , chart maker , searchable index of quotations , games , and an Encarta Kids interface . Installation is easy . The Encarta is augmented by weekly or bi-weekly updates and the feature-rich online MSN Encarta Premium with its Homework Help offerings.The Encyclopedia Britannica -LRB- established in 1768 -RRB- sports Student and Elementary versions of its venerable flagship product - but it is far better geared to tackle the information needs of adults and , even more so , professionals . Its 100,000 articles are long and deep , supported by impressive bibliographies , and written by the best scholars in their respective fields.The Britannica , too , come bundled with an atlas -LRB- less detailed than the Encarta 's -RRB- , dictionary , thesaurus , classic articles from previous editions , an Interactive Timeline , a Research Organizer , and a Knowledge Navigator -LRB- a Brain Stormer -RRB- . It is as user-friendly as the Encarta . The Britannica , though , is updated only 2-4 times a year , a serious drawback , only partially compensated for by 3 months of free access to the its unequalled powerhouse online Web site.It seems that the Britannica and the Encarta cater to different market segments and that the Britannica provides more in-depth coverage of its topics while the Encarta is a more complete , PC-orientated reference experience . The market positioning of the Britannica 's Elementary and Student Encyclopedias is , therefore , problematic . Encarta has an all-pervasive hold on and ubiquitous penetration of the child-to-young adult markets.Both encyclopedias offer an embarrassment of riches . Users of both find the wealth and breadth of information daunting and data mining is fast becoming an art form . Encarta introduced the Visual -LRB- Virtual -RRB- Browser and Britannica incorporated the Brain Stormer to cope with this predicament . But few know how to deploy them effectively.Encarta actively encourages fun-filled browsing and Britannica fully supports serious research . These preferences are reflected in the design of the two products . The Encarta is a riot of colors , sidebars , videos , audio clips , photos , embedded links , literature , Web resources , and quizzes . It is a product of the age of mass communication , a desktop extension of television and the Internet.The Britannica is a sober assemblage of first-rate texts , up to date bibliographies , and minimal multimedia . It is a desktop university library
 I had several free versions of encylopedias loaded . They were generally abbreviated and becoming out of date , Encarta 2002 for example . But they were really the best kid friendly research tool out there and my kids actually used these encyclopedias on a regular basis , so I decided to upgrade.Likes : Love the new search bar in my desktop tray and the fact that I can search the dictionary or the thesaurus or the encyclopedia without hunting for each application 's icon . Love that I can run it from my hard drive without searching for the DVD.The interactive pictures such as 360 degree views and virtual tours are done well and you can just go through those types of files if you want to see them all without having to wade into specific topics . And the kids like the extra visual browser index rather than the standard text index -LRB- which can still be used . -RRB- The links to external web sites for more information are very useful.Dislikes : The install was painful . Although I have all of the latest Windows updates , the load process took a long while only to error out repeatedly . I finally learned that my Ad-watch spyware blocker was interfering and was able to get past the MICROSOFT.MSXML2 , publickeyToken = ... etc. error message that Microsoft has yet to post on their site . Alternatively , it would be nice to be warned of possible conflicts before beginning or have the process handle conflicts in a more friendly fashion.The update process was also overly complicated as well . And after finally getting it to work I was disappointed to learn that included updates end in October regardless of when you purchase the product.And as neat as some of the interactive pictures are - sometimes I just need to print an embedded image or some simple text to take with me - wish that was easier.Conclusion : Very satisfied and I finally feel that I have found some software that does something useful and gives my computer a purpose beyond running all the software I need just to keep my computer protected . If you have kids 8 and up - and do n't already have a full version of an encyclopedia - go for it !
 I bought Encarta at the beginning of the school year . I had read the other reviews and it seemed like Encarta was much better than the Encyclopedia Brittanica and World Book 's offerings . It is extremely fast and I am very impressed with the interface and updates . My 10-year-old son loves it . I find him reading at length in Encarta because the articles are so interesting and the pictures and info is so intriguing . I have n't bought the other two programs because we are very happy with Encarta . If the reviews of the other two get better , however , I may buy them to get more in depth articles .
 This is a great program ! Super for use at home no matter what age you are !
 Software that brings a home & landscape to your fingertips . I find it a little difficult using with my lesser skills , but enjoy trying to figure on using the product . Good learning experience for those who are patient .
 I bought the earliest version of this product , but after Version 4 -LRB- the first Better Homes and Garden version -RRB- quality went out the window . Somewhere along the way I learned that the early versions -LRB- not the later ones -RRB- had been designed by the company that makes Chief Architect . I just talked to them and learned that their DIY level series called Home Designer is compatible with all the plans produced by the early version of 3DHA , and the price for their most basic version is very reasonable . . I give five stars to the possibility of a better upgrade , NOT to the post-1999 version of 3DHA .
 Amazon gave fast service . Arrived at my home within a few days . Gave this to my son as a Christmas gift and he is really enjoying it .
 Was extremely happy with the service from this supplier . Goods arrived in Australia very quickly and in excellent condition . Would not hesitate in using them again .
 Product was as expected . Received on time and worked properly . My kids love it .
 After using this software for a week , I 'm generally pleased with the results . The learning curve is not too difficult to climb ; though I have some prior experience with less sophisticated versions of this type of software.The box comes with a thick printed manual , which is nice to have for reference . The index in the manual is good but not great . Unfortunately the manual is not comprehensive . It appears to cover the core functionality but does not have any depth to its discussion of `` power tools '' . The manual appears to be a nearly verbatim copy of the online help.The software comes with short online instructional videos -- basically animated screen captures with voice-over commentary . The two or three videos that I 've watched have filled in the gaps that the manual left open.My pc has a 2001-era 1Ghz Celeron and 1GB of memory . It renders the 3D drawings fast enough to not be frustrating , and I have limited patience for this sort of thing . However , I have not added great amounts of detail to the plan yet -- mostly just walls , roof , electrical , and some trim . The addition of detail may slow rendering down enough to be annoying . Other reviewers have complained about performance , but the documentation has hints for speeding up if you run into problems.While the core parts of the software are pretty good , the power tools leave a little something to be desired . This may just be a lack of education on my part , but if so then I 'm going to blame the skimpy documentation . These power tools almost appear to have been developed by either different groups or by third parties . Overall they lack the polish and usability that is part of the core software . Take the `` room wizard '' , for example . This is a slick way to put together the interior floor plan of the house . The problem is that the room wizard launches almost as a separate application , and when you 're done it asks to `` update the current design '' . When you say yes , it appears to paste the picture drawn in the room wizard back into the main application . From there , it is difficult -LRB- impossible ? -RRB- to get the interior layout to overlay your foundation design.I had difficulty with other power tools
 I 've been working with Punch AS/4000 since v10 .0 was released -LRB- about 12 months ago -RRB- . Although I agree in many respects with the positive reviews . For example , there are is a large feature list . However , there are issues with the software . For example : - Hard coded limitations in the software design -LRB- e.g. four possible scale options for printing , does not support Grid Snap smaller than 3/8 '' or 10mm - which seriously complicates moving things around on a drawing with any degree of precision , very tiny dimension text on Windows , etc. -RRB- - Inaccuracies
 This is a good package if you want to do an initial design before contracting with a professional but it is hard to use unless you have used earlier , less complicated PUNCH products before -LRB- which I have . -RRB- There are a lot of somewhat powerfull features but the documentation on how to use them is pretty poor . If you are clever , can figure things out on you own , and have the time to learn what is n't explained to you then this could be a good one to use . But if you do n't fall into that catagory , forget it.It is also cool that you can constuct a model of what you design as the software generates templates that you can cut out and glue to foamcore . But only the walls/floors/roofs are printed out and the texture for these items does not include the windows or trim . So unless you are happy with a model with holes where the windows should be , you will have to use a drawing program to add these items to the textures before printing them out and gluing them to the model . PUNCH should really include these in the output engine .
 I have never worked with software like this before . I have zero experience drawing plans , building roofs , placing windows , etc. . I am somewhat handy and can fix minor things around the house . I am probably above average in computer skills . With that in mind , I found the software very user friendly and fairly easy to use . They include some tutorials that help you get started , and the program has far more versatility and capability than I think I could use.I also took advantage of their `` Punch University '' , which helped me get a lot out of the program , especially the `` Snap '' tools.This product has made numerous differences in the way we designed our house . My wife can not go from 2D to 3D very well and this program helped us both as far as placement of appliances , windows , etc. . I 'd recommend this to a first time user , but I would expect to take about 2-5 hours learning how to use the product first . If that learning curve is too much , look elsewhere . But , I guarantee you 'll find it time well spent .
 It is limited in colours , cupboards , accessories etc. . It has lots of stuff aimed at the US market . Our Oz homes are different . Pity we ca n't copy and paste our cupboards , walk in robes etc.The Roof Wizard is good if you have a straightforward house . It 's hard to complete a roof without the wizard . Getting the roof as one complete unit seems impossible.I tried to put ceiling fans in , they were waist height , no tweaking could get them up on the ceiling , that 's the sort of things you encounter . It takes many days to figure it out . I had problems putting the block on paper . Mine has a curved front and it was bigger than the page.The forum is pretty good.It 's good as far as letting you see if things work . The live view can get slow the more you add . When you start out with a few things it 's fairly fast but gets tedious when you add a few rooms.It 's worth the money though .
 This is really good software . I own CAD software , but it does n't do what Punch Home Design can do . It has a bit of a learning curve , but if you take the `` step by step '' tutorials , you 'll find it much easier to learn . I did a module of the tutorial -LRB- there are several -RRB- , then I saved that drawing as `` test '' and loaded my own and did the appropriate things to it . By going back and forth , I got to use the steps being taught several times which made it easier to remember `` how '' to do that thing . If you 're planning to remodel -LRB- that 's what I 'm doing -RRB- or building from scratch , this software will give you a real good idea of what your completed remodel or construction will be like . It will more than pay for itself by saving you from making a costly mistake .
 Im not happy with the abundance of useless looking furnature and talk about dated objects ... not much online either in the way of downloadable objects and furniture upgrades . You will have to become very good using the 3D workshop and build your own Like I do ...
 Though I am a couple years away from the actual building of our home this product gives me a place to play with my design in such a way that moves me towards fulfilling my dreams . I 'm happy to report that though I am not computer literate in many ways I can use this product with ease . I 'm grateful for the opportunity to fine tune my design before its on the land.Rosie Kuhn , Ph.D. . Author of Self-Empowerment 101 .
 I bought this product because I had tried with great success another Punch product . It was so easy to use and load onto my computer . It was a great value to be able to have one product that allows me to redesign anything from interior floors and walls , to my deck and plants outside .
 Handy Calendar Creator software . Need practice using to get all features working.Still does the job nicely !
 One of the fundamental components of my application set . I would n't live without it . I 've heard others transfer events from year X calendar to year X +1 . Is n't that what personal computers are good for ?
 `` Foniks '' is a learn-to-read course where you can just mouse over letters and words to hear them spoken - a big step forward in the teaching of reading . The effect is empowering and motivating , especially for early learners . Watching three-year-olds bring text to life by making it speak at their command is kind of eerie.After using Foniks , it seems needlessly hard to go back to a silent , paper book , where little can be learnt without the presence of a human teacher or a tape . Foniks also has a well-organised syllabus covering all the usual phonics sounds plus many more sounds from phonics ' parent , phonetics . Make no mistake , this course will take you all the way from total illiterate to sentence-length reader.It 's my guess that learners will love the simplicity , transparency and immediacy of this very effective learning tool for aspiring readers of all ages and nationalities . I just hope it does n't put too many teachers out of work .
 Stable platform for small business use . Much more well suited to small business than Server 2012 . Users do not have relearn how to use the server !
 Windows Server Standard 2003 R2 SP2 5CAL OEMRelease R2 SP2 takes security to the next level . Be aware of cheap counterfits or imitations that dont have a box , etc , or sell below market price .
 We just got this and are still trying to figure it all out . We all loved the idea of building something , decorating it , furnishing it and then blowing it up ! My only and main complaint is that it 's too little . I want bigger pieces , they 're all so small . A great idea though and maybe the next one will be BIGGER . My kids are 8 & 10 and they 're having fun with it .
 To start off , no software firewall is perfect , including Zonealarm . There are just too many programs to keep track of for any firewall to be foolproof . This is where user decisions can make or break the usefulness of Zonealarm . Any program that tries to connect to the local network or internet will be flagged by Zonealarm , and the user will be asked to allow/deny the connection . Hence , you need to feel relatively comfortable with knowing whether or not a particular program `` should '' be allowed to connect . This scares a lot of people , but common sense is often all you need to make a decision . For example , if you start Quicken and you get a flag from Zonealarm about allowing Quicken to access the Internet , you can feel reasonably comfortable that it 's ok . However , if you get a flag about something like `` g67867899 '' out of the blue , you know that you should be a little more suspicious . No permanent damage will be done if you allow or deny access - if a program does n't work and you think it 's because you denied access in Zonealarm , you can always go to Zonealarm and change your setting for that program.Zonealarm does have the problem of sometimes being too restrictive , especially if you have a home network or connect to your workplace through a VPN -LRB- virtual private network -RRB- . It takes a little finagling to make it work in such cases , and it does n't always succeed . Also , I have also had problems with certain web sites kicking me out due to `` cookie '' errors . At times I 'll turn off Zonealarm when I encounter such sites and turn it back on later.The only serious danger with something like Zonealarm is if you think it will prevent all dangers from getting through to your computer . IT IS NOT an antivirus program - it is meant to be complementary to an antivirus program . Also , if you just allow access to any program that requests it for convenience 's sake , that is defeating the purpose of using Zonealarm and you will not be protected adequately.Zonealarm is not perfect but it serves its purpose well and is superior to most other firewalls on the market .
 While others here would appear to not know how to use their computers , I would like to indicate my overwhelming satisfaction with ZAP4 . Yes , you need to tell it what software is accessing the net -LRB- you should know , since it 's a cruel world out there -RRB- . The setup is painless and intuitive and a few minutes spent with the tutorial explains each of the messages provided by ZAP and what to do with them . ZAP4 autorecognizes IE , so no time spent on that one . It also quickly recognizes your home network . Spending just a few minutes bringing up each of your known net tools -LRB- Outlook , Napster , iTunes , your corporate VPN , FrontPage , Win Media Player , etc. -RRB- will allow you to permanently dispense with nearly every message you 'll ever get . Tell ZAP to work silently , and you 're there . Also , ZAP4 fixes the UPnP issue described . Symantec 's online checker showed no open holes . What more could a girl want !
 Easy to setup , Easy to use and very secure . If you are serious about keeping your PC safe this is the program to get . My only fault with it is that it slows your browsing down a little bit but this is only due to it blocking pop ups and 3rd party cookies . It is by far the most reiable protection you can get however it does have some stability issues on some systemsand Zone Labs has pretty poor tech support .
 My tech person installed Pro 4 two months ago . He did not report any problems except one conflict which Zone tech responded to and was a very simple fix . It does require you to tell it what to allow and what not to . So each time you access a program which wants to access the internet you get a pop-up authorization message . You can opt to make that decision -LRB- to allow net access or no -RRB- permanent and not be bothered by it again when that program requests access . Its amazing to me how many programs have built-it automatic net access functions and thereby present security vulnerabilities
 ZA Pro 4 is very easy to use , and really protects my Windows 2000 Pro system , which is exposed to the Internet via satellite 24 hours a day . ZA Pro logs data on probes from the outside so I know that my machine -LRB- pre ZA Pro -RRB- was collapsing from massive intrusions , sometimes amounting to _ thousands _ of attempts to invade per 24 hours . Now that does not happen , and my home net runs stably again . And that 's another thing ; ZA Pro allows easy access to internet connection sharing via W2000 , and also did not interfere with my satellite modems -LRB- and other firewalls failed one or both ways -RRB- . If you peek under the hood , you find that the default settings that allow you to start ZA Pro 4 up without effort hide a deep capability to customize everything . This is cleverly designed , useful software , worth every $ .
 This is hands down the best firewall product on the market for SOHO -LRB- Small Office/Home -RRB- users.If you do n't believe me , test it with www.grc.com 's `` Shields Up '' test which checks all of the major ports and ZA blocks all of them.It also prevents programs such as Real Player or Eudora or MS Office from secretly contacting their maker 's servers and sending God knows what information to them.It is a ridiculous criticism that Zone Labs is somehow at fault for not compiling a database of EVERY prog that EVERY user could possibly have on their system . The reports provided on hack attacks is very detailed and only once in the several months I 've been using the Pro version was it unable to ID the IP number.If you like to know what-or who-are knocking at or trying get thru your computer 's `` back door '' this software gives you the chance , depending on your preferences , to grant or deny it on a session basis or permanently . It is also helpful in blocking ad only sites such as `` adclick '' and other ad servers . It thus incorporates quite a number of the very useful functions that Adsubtract does in keeping our ads , pop-ups and those increasingly ubiquitous `` Shockwave '' ads designed to defeat ad-blocking software . ... When I had customer support issues with another InterMute product , AdSubtract , Zone Labs ' had excellent email support.I have a feeling that most of the people encountering major problems already HAD major system issues . ZoneAlarm has a small footprint -LRB- in the XP environment -RRB- , is very stable , rarely crashes and while the Free Version is more than adequate to protect your system against attacks , the Pro version provides a wealth a features that allow you to do what it would normally take four or five programs to do ... P > This product is absolutely essential for broadband users . Dial up users can and probably should stick to the free version , since it 's difficult to run most attacks with the tiny bandwidth . Plus , since dial ups automatically reassign IP addresses with each log-in , unlike the broadband IP addresses which may remain with you for months . All I know , is I miss all the freedom I had when I was one of the very first broadband users back in '97 and had twenty people in my nod . 300-400 kbps was the average ! And you had a permanent address , could run websites , VPNs , in short , it was actually useful for more than personal service and NO bandwidth collars all for $ 50/month . But now , they can charge you $ 700/month if you want to do all that.ZA product has garnered nearly universal praise from experts and ordinary users alike . It completely stealths your computer ; any portscanner will simply ignore the protect IP address because , to the scanner , there 's nothing there . As `` Shield 's Up '' will show you-turn off ZA and run the test and , then run the test with ZA running and you 'll be amazed at how it hermetically seals your system from in/outbound access without your permission . The ability to customize each site means that you can eliminate download problems from sites that you pop-ups or other functions you 've blocked globally.Its features allowing customization of website activity as well as program activity ; includes a virus scanner for attachments -- since I 'm running McAfee I ca n't comment on this function ; a `` data safe '' for bank site passwords , etc ; a `` net filter '' for `` adult '' content which is configurable -LRB- functionality not present in the Free Version -RRB- . It also allows access control for components of programs and also includes a comprehensive temp file cleaner that actually works , completing several deletion tasks with one click.I use the cable modem and Zone Alarm Pro blocks 2-5 hack attempts . Their web database also presents you with a comprehensive report on the hacker 's IP address , ISP , and a complete Whosis report.This product is simply indispensable to the SOHO environment , especially those 13 million -LRB- and growing -RRB- number of broadband users.One of the most crucial functions all version of Zone Alarm -LRB- Free , Plus , Pro -RRB- has is the `` internet Lock '' which allows , again , most critically for the broadband user , you to completely shut your computer from the next without physically pulling the Ethernet cable . It can also be programmed to shut down net access -- in both directions -- when the screen saver comes up , thus allowing you to know that , should you walk away from the machine for a while -- especially those of us with little ones -- in a few minutes your computer will be completely safe from any attack whatsoever , or any spyware 's attempt to contact it 's deployers . It can also show you which programs are doing so.I tried the firewall offering that came bundled as a trial feature is made by one of the leading -- at least in sales -- anti-virus vendors in the world ; its protection was definitely sub-ZA 's performance ; it failed several key `` Shield 's Up '' tests . I 've also heard and read reviews about significant flaws in every other consumer firewall -- not the massive hardware firewalls Fortune 1000 company 's use -- currently available . Zone Alarm has none of these problems.I mention no other products by name because this is n't an attempt to dis anyone else , only to tout one of the best pieces of software in the `` Windo-verse . ''
 I 've used several versions of Zone Alarm . I 've also used Norton Personal firewall and McAffee Firewall . McAfee would hang sometimes , and I found it let a lot of traffic through . Norton Personal firewall also came up wanting.Hands down , Zone Alarm is the best personal firewall software package available.Note , if you share directories on your network , or have your PCs organized in a workgroup -LRB- or domain -RRB- , you will have to tweak the settings to allow your PC to respond to netbios packets on your network . This is a good thing , considering I found that I am constantly probed from the internet by script kiddies looking for easy targets.Highly recommended .
 I 've been running ZoneAlarmPro 4 for about four months , now . It has worked very well for me , and is highly configurable . I believe this is a great choice for people who want a simple and reliable firewall solution , but do n't want to spend a lot of time figuring out how to get that done.ZoneAlarm is largely self-configuring , and offers many , many options , ranging from how many notices you want to see , to how tightly you want to lock down your desktop . I think this will be attractive to a lot of prospective buyers.Zone Alarm correctly figured out how to configure itself around my simple home network , which is something that BlackIce -LRB- my previous firewall -RRB- could n't do . BlackIce was a decent firewall , with great information , but ZoneAlarm is a lot less prone to cause problems . And , while BlackIce offered better tech support , I have n't needed any with Zone Alarm . The only real problem I 've had is that regardless of the security setting I choose , some web sites spit back pages telling me to allow cookies ; shutting down the firewall is the only way that I can seem to get around that problem.To summarize , I 'd recommend Zone Alarm Pro equally for users looking for an easy solution , as well as those needing a robust one . The configuration options it provides should allow almost anyone to set it up to work for their situation . As a bonus , it seems to have some success controlling popup ads , as well . Overall , a very good product at an attractive price .
 I 've been using Zone Alarm for many many years and always upgrade when it expires . It 's by far the best firewall I have ever used and even sweeps spy ware .
 ZoneAlarm Pro 4 is pretty good one if you are looking for a reliable firewall and at the same time you do n't want to get into details of fine tuning and configurating them . I used the free version of ZA before the release of ZA Pro 4 , and it was an ok one , but when ZA 4 was released i decided to give it a try . I purchased the online downloadable version of it and it 's already 5 months i 'm happily using it . It 's very simple to use and I am thinking to renew my license one more year when this one expires . It pays off the money you give for it . I highly recommend it .
 ... by shills for the competition or by clearly uniformed and novice PC users.If one 's PC needed to have nineteen files deleted that 's a problem with one 's machine and the obvious lack of maintenance or registry care -- not a Zone Alarm problem . I 've run this under all 9x environments plus XP and have never had ANY problems with it.Again , do n't take my word for it . Take it from a disinterested party
 Product under review
 I Love Zone Alarm , for home systems . When I install an O.S. , I immediately insatll Norton 's Anti-virus & Zone Alarm , before connecting the computer to the internet . Then , as each application asks permission to use the connection to the internet , I either Accept or Decline the request . For a couple of days , this can be a bit annoying , and frustrates people who want to quickly show you something on the internet -- but , overall this is a good thing . If you take a few days to Install , Update and configure Zone Alarm , on a home system , you Rarely find any Spyware or Adware in the system -LRB- unless you click the wrong buttons or download things you chould ' t from the internet -RRB- . I have been * very * pleased with Zone Alarm -- even if it frustrates my friends.Personally , I would rather take a little extra time to Accept or Deny a program 's access to the internet , than wasting all the time it takes to clean-up a system that is infested with Spyware , Adware , etc.Sometimes , I must spend over an hour removing Spyware , Adware and restarting virus protection , remotely , on corporate systems -LRB- that are running McAffee and a dummed-down firewall -RRB- . One thing people need to realize is that A.V. protection is just ONE of the major requirements for running a Windows system . Currently , if you are not running A.V. protection , a Firewall -LRB- !!! -RRB- , Microsoft Updates and `` Spybot Search & Destroy '' -LRB- or a similar Spyware / Adware removal tool that is well-tested -RRB- , your system is destined for Doom.A good combination , for great protection , is
 This is a good product for advanced users who want detailed control over what access to grant each application . The setup can be intimidating for novice users . Norton Personal Firewall is a better choice for casual users because the setup and use is much more automatic . ZoneAlarm gives those who want to tinker with the advanced settings easy access to do so.One downside
 I experienced similar problems as other folks who rated this product . The Broderbund company could improve thier customer service by implementing a toll free tech support line which would be free of charge for any person who could give proof of puchase -LRB- re
 This is by far the best firewall on the market . Simple yet powerfull . A must have for any computer user especially broadband !!! absolutely perfect !
 I have experienced no problems with Zone Alarm and have been a user for 3 years , on 3 different systems and two different versions of Zone Alarm . I browsed here to price check and was shocked by the problems experienced by another poster . Let me recommend purchasing Zone Alarm and also Roxio 's GoBack to anyone reading , both great products . And also let me recommend to the previous poster getting another degree , maybe from an accredited University .
 I have been using ZoneAlarm products for several years now , and am very pleased with their performance and their Customer Support . No computer should operate in the `` internet zone '' without some kind of firewall or security protection . ZoneAlarm 4 is easy to download and configure , and to enable and disable if necessary to troubleshoot software problems or conflicts . There are clear , user friendly text instructions to help install and get the program up and running smoothly and quickly . The ad-blocking and privacy controls alone are worth the price of the software . Add to that the `` trojan horse '' and scripts protection and it is a very complete package . This package is a hackers nightmare !
 I am running zone alarm -LRB- not the pro version -RRB- and haveread lots of horror stories about it . I am having noproblems at all with it.It has cured many problems I 've had and helped me identifyviruses etc. .
 Zone Alarm is about the best fire wall out there to me . I have been using the free version for the past couple of years and have never had a problem . I am very happy I upgraded to the Pro version as it does a little more than the free version . It 's easy to install and use .
 First , you ca n't import an . eps file , which I 'm not sure if that 's got a copyright issue with Adobe , but it would be nice.Second , there are a TON of images to use , for anything ; Invitations , Cards , Brochures , Newsletters , etc. , BUT , I 'd like more . More copyright free color photos , more cool graphics . There 's plenty to make do , but I would have gladly dropped another 30 or 40 bucks for an extensive image library.Other than that ; It 's the easiest program that you will probably find , saving files to PDF is easy as pie , figuring things out like
 I 'm a big fan of the print shop programs . I 've been buying them for years . They just keep getting better . I love all the new features they have included in this version , everything is improved . Now you can create hand crafted cards right in print shop . Now they added what they call Hot Shots Viewer . It simplifies the design process . You can also create CD 's or video cd 's -LRB- it works with your CD-RW drive -RRB- Even more photo effects . Now you can even remove that pet eye effect you get when taking photos of your pets . You can also email your friends you latest work as a PDF and they do not even have to have print shop to view it . If you use one of the messenger programs you can share it instantly with your friend . Another great feature is the new animated greetings . If you 've forgotten your friends birthday or just did n't seem to find the time to pick up a card , nor make one ... You can send them one of print shops animated greetings . No more searching the web . They 've also improved the resolution of printing . I am very satisfied with this version of print shop . If your looking for a program that you can do it all in , this is it .
 First of all , yes ... this will install on an XP PC.Secondly , if you 're comfortable with the idea of objects and moving things around on a virtual design desk , you 'll be fine.I come from the `` Corel '' end of things -LRB- as an amateur -RRB- , and I can see where people are uncomfortable with the interface ; it 's just not very intuitive.That said , I installed the program yesterday without any problems , and proceeded to create a lovely flyer for an upcoming event in freehand poster mode.I was able to change fonts , colors ... not as precisely as I could in say , PhotoPaint , but close enough for rock and roll.I 'm not a huge fan of the interface , but most computer graphic programs are s-l-o-w to load . They 're huge memory hogs ; it 's just the nature of the beast.As for all of the XP and other installation issues that have been posted here ... I did n't have any of those . I was asked to register the software -LRB- did that -RRB- and all was good in my `` Print Shop '' world , since I was never bothered with pop-ups after that.While I still cling to `` Photo Paint '' and `` Draw '' for my artistic endeavours , `` Print Shop 20 '' is a reliable addition for the home desktop publisher .
 This product has many improvements from the older versions and is at a fair price .
 Excellent piece of software that I misplaced during my last move . Highly recommend this product , one of the most user friendly programs I 've ever used . I really enjoy all of the features this piece of software has to offer , and I use it for my classroom on a regular basis .
 Even though this product was not the most recent version of Print Shop , for the money it does all that I need for it to do . All the Print Shop versions that I have used both at the office and here at home are also very user friendly .
 I have seen all the bad reviews & just had to say that I love this program and use it more then any other program on my computer and I have a lot of fun with it . I have had a slight problem with the `` create table '' feature but I think that is more to do with having to make the table bigger so I can see what I am doing . The only thing I can think of is maybe people could have a problem with the print shop delux if they do not have enough room on there computer for the program .
 I am a 56 yr old self taught computer user . This program is so easy to use . I have made some , if I might say so myself , exceptionally impressive presentations , scrapbooks and photo collages . I have used it now for 4 years and am shocked to see any negative posts . This is truly a program where I can say , `` If I can use it ... anybody should be able to use it !!!! '' I am an avid scrapbooker and would not be able to start a page without my print shop . . I am able to personalize so many things because of the text box option . I also have created photo collages that can be transferred -LRB- at several `` BIGBOX '' bakeries , -RRB- onto the top of sheet cakes for birthdays . LOVE IT . It is true that you must change discs sometimes for graphics , but there are so many to choose from , I am seldom disappointed with my search results . The artwork is current and not `` cartoonish '' . I have checked a couple of times to see if there was something currently on the market that would give me more options , -LRB- I do n't know what that would be ? -RRB- but always come back home to my faithful PRINT SHOP -RRB- Good Luck .
 I am surprised at all of the negative reviews , because I have n't experienced the problems described here.I LOVE this program . The installation went smoothly , no problems at all . I registered and got the bonus 100 free premium fonts , which are spectacular!The graphics provided with this software are amazing ! I continue to be delighted every time I use them , at the quality & quantity of images provided . Yes , you have to switch discs sometimes , because there are just SO MANY images , they are stored on 3 different Art CD 's , which come with the program . No biggie to me , because I 'd rather do that than have all of those images on my hard drive , taking up space!The text tools are fantastic , and I love the variety of projects available ! From business cards to greeting cards to Web pages to mailing labels , brochures , flyers and more - this software is very versatile and robust . I am impressed ! When I ca n't figure something out , I have found that the printed manual included with the program is very helpful , and I have always been able to learn how to to whatever it is I need to do.You can even save your project as a . jpg or . gif for use online ! It 's easy as can be.I had no problem using this program . If you are comfortable with PowerPoint and/or MS Publisher , then this software should be easy for you . The interfaces are very similar.This software is incredibly versatile . The range of possibilities for using it is nearly endless , and I am looking forward to using Print Shop Deluxe 20 for many years!Money VERY well spent !
 I am a teacher and I use Print SHop everyday to make classroom resources such as charts , flashcards , small and big books , murals , big pictures , handouts , chart titles and topic headlines , etc. . I find it an excellent resource . I ca n't do without it !! In fact , this is my 3rd version of Print Shop which I bought . It is my main tool in resource planning and production . However , I prefer the old version Print Shop programs for border making - it was easier for me to use - with a range of ready-made boarders . Otherwise , it is a fantastic resource . A must for every teacher who wants to make her classroom , appealing , motivating and literacy-rich !!!!!
 I 've used Print Shop Deluxe for years . I just recently had version 6 and decided to catch up with the times and purchase version 20 . I heard there were a lot of problems with version 21 so I chose version 20 . I have n't been able to use it much but so far what I have done I 'm extremely happy with . As with the other version I had , in order to upload pictures you had to know what file the pictures were saved in . The program , in my opinion , is very user friendly .
 Bought the program in hopes that it would allow me to recover files created with an older version and it worked . So I am pleased with the product .
 This is not good for xp . I 've had this software for a while now and love it . Windows xp has issues with it . Bought a new computer and ever since wo n't load my pic art and such .
 `` Print Shop 20 Deluxe '' is the version you need and it works ! No glitches , no hard-to-follow screens and it does what it 's supposed to do ... every time ! Seriously , avoid the version 21 and the version 22 . That 's all I 'm going to say.Other reviewers go into more detail and trust me , they 're right !
 Great product , great value purchase , added value if you want to upgrade to newest version .
 Fletcher has posted the same review on all software made by this company - and I doubt that he has tried all of them . The truth is that `` The Print Shop 20 Pro Publisher Deluxe '' is a great value for the money - and is a wonderfully different approach to publishing than the Microsoft product .
 I have recently purchased this software for a some freelancing work that I have been doing in the real estate industry . I think this has been rather good software for the price . It is still somewhat limited in what it can do , but what do you expect for $ 80 ? I am pleasantly surprised with this program and it 's a nice change of pace from Publisher .
 I have owned PS 12,15 & 20 and I like them all . I even have PrintMaster 11 and I like that as well but PS 20 made some good improvements . The improvement I like most is the optimal print resolution which makes fonts print much more smoothly . As for installation I have never had a problem with PS 20 . I had a minor issue with PS 15 but every install of PS 20 went fine for me . I have done many projects with PS 20 from photos to greeting cards to brochures and many more things . I think its a great product and I use quite often
 Product is very good for cards of any kind . Gets too complex for the fast user . Does very good lables , both sending and return.Worth the price of purchase.JRV
 I enjoy using this software to produce fliers , newsletters , cards , signs , as well as many other projects . It has lots of choices of clip-art , font styles , and photos included It also interfaces well with clipart from other publishers as well as your own photos . It also has pretty good photo editing capabilities with some features not found on other low-end photo editing software .
 I wanted an entirely new version of Lotus Smart Suite for my new Windows 7 , 64 bit computer.It installed perfectly , and worked the same as always , but then noticed that after I had usedLotus , the next time I tried to boot the computer , I could n't . It took 4-5 tries to get asuccessful boot.Bottom line , Lotus wo n't work well with Windows 7 64 bit O/S unless you also install Virtual XP.Once I removed the program , my computer problems resolved.So , if you are willing to install Virtual XP on your Windows 7 Professional Version , you 're good to go.I opted not to go that route .
 Lotus Smart Suite still works well as always . However , these CDs do not install automatically on Windows 7 machines . It is necessary to go to the installation . exe file on the disk and click on that directly for it to install .
 I only got it because my POS system uses it I do not use any other parts of it . Still trying to master Open Office which is free vs. MS Office which costs hundred and dollars . I am familiar with it more than Open office but finding out it does not do much more than what Free Open Office does .
 I 'd recommend this item for anyone who is interested in fonts ! Dawn E. Lowenstein
 Just think of a project and Print Sop 20 Pro has you covered . Great tool to have avaialable to use .
 First off , let me tell you what I believe
 Having just switched from Norton Antivirus to McAfee VirusSan this year , I 'm very satisfied with the job McAfee does . It has a similar feature to Live Update where it loads new virus definition updates automatically in the background when there are any available . The updates subscription is the same as Norton 's -- one year . The interface is a bit more cluttered than Norton 's , but it 's a very minor downside . I 'd happily buy next year 's version of VirusScan if it was available this cheap again !
 I 've been using McAfee VirusScan software for about 6 years , and Version 8.0 for almost a year and I 've never had any problems with it . The updates are automatically installed , and lately seems like there is an update every couple days . . I just get an informational message that it 's been installed for me . I 've never been infected with a worm or virus in the last 6 years , so I ca n't speak to what kind of experience one has with the McAfee support staff if does happen . But then again , I consider it must have pretty good protection if I 've never been infected even once when many people I know have been . -LRB- I am also running the ZoneAlarm Pro firewall , which I very highly recommend . -RRB- I bought Ver 8 because I was used to the McAfee user interface , and several PC magazines rated it tops recently . One thing that disappointed me about the most recent version is that they no longer have a logging mechanism to keep track of what happens during a scan -LRB- I was trying to run scans through WIN XP Task Scheduler and wanted to make sure scans were running properly ... And by the way , when I sent McAfee support an email message asking about this , I received a response in less than 24 hours , explaining that indeed the logger was removed in version 8 , and by the way there 's currently a bug in WIN XP Task Scheduler functionality . -RRB- All in all , I 'll stick with McAfee ...
 I have n't had any problems with this like other users writing reviews have . It has really helped my system run smoothly , and it takes out a trojan virus or so just about every day . I just hope they come through with the rebate they promised .
 I have a gateway computer , and my computer was having problems with some worm i got . Anyways , they told me that I needed to get norton , funny thing was , I already had there free trial , that was suppose to work for 90days , I tried the free trial at McAfee , and my computer started to work ... I guess norton does work but it is so much more . McAfee does exactly the same thing as Norton with the only difference being $ $ $ $ . After a week I bought McAfee Internet Security suite . That is the best protection I have ever had !
 After having Norton av 2004 crashing my 2 year old Dell it was time to finally get rid of Norton . I decided to give McAfee 8.0 a chance regardless of other negative reviews that I had read about it . I have to say that I am very pleased with this product . It installed with no problem and I do n't have any annoying pop-up 's that other people are writing about . I am glad I switched from the over-priced poor performing Norton av . NORTON IS THE VIRUS !!!
 I had a crash on my notebook and found that preloaded programs were lost . No backup disks were provided so I needed word program for my work . After spending over $ 200 to have computer repaired , I had little money to buy replacement programs , so I found just what I needed on Amazon for 1/4 the new price . Program was like new and I am back in business .
 Great way to get Word 2002 at a minimal price . Worked fine with no problems .
 This was great and It worked marvelous , praise GOD for his great provision . Thankyou !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I did not feal like spending $ 200 on word 2005 ! God Is Good All The Time !
 I purchased Works Suite 2005 because I could no longer receive paid support from Microsoft with a problem I had with Word 97 -LRB- it would no longer open or function -RRB- . I uninstalled the old program and installed Works Suite 2005 and the word processing program is excellent -- it even incorporates the `` view codes '' feature of WordPerfect ! All of my documents were converted to the new verson of Word flawlessly . I have n't installed all of the other components of the suite because I really do n't need most of them at this time . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I bought this just to get the Picture It ! program . It 's a photo program that is easy to use , not complicated like PhotoShop , etc. . I already own it , but can not locate the disk at this time so I decided that I 'd just buy another one . After some research I found that others wanted up to and over $ 198.00 for the individual program . Fortunately , I did my research and found this entire Microsoft Works Suite -LRB- which included Picture It ! -RRB- for $ 17.98 . What a deal!It arrived in perfect condition , works fabulously and I 'm a very happy consumer . The vendor sold their product so they are happy . I got exactly what I wanted at a great price so I 'm happy . If only everything else in life was so easy . . Microsoft Works Suite 2005 -LSB- Old Version -RSB- .
 I needed Microsoft word and this was the most affordable one I could find it works great . But of course it is an older version but it does get the job done no problem .
 I am very well satisfied with this product , received it in a timely manner , and received great service .
 I was leery of purchasing such an item online , but it was exactly as advertised . And it works beautifully . I could n't be happier .
 This is a wonderful , fun and very educational game . There are lots of categories , including phrases , countries , and colors . very effective . I would definately advise you to buy this.Arianne
 Great value and tool for those in need of creating stuctures without advanced knowledge ... not Vista compatible .
 being into web designs , there never seems to be enough fonts . Well maybe there is with this ! I mean 10,000 quality TrueType fonts , specialized Alphabets , and neat word art images , this just about covers it all.As with all ClickArt products , they are easy to use and they deliver what they promise . I bought one font CD that promised 4,000 fonts , and it had 400 fonts with the option to join their special font club and pay for more . I felt ripped off . I think ClickArt always delivers what they say.When you consider some of these fonts - just 1 font cost $ 21.95 alone - this is an amazing buy .
 This collection of fonts is a good solid collection of fonts for print and for general use . There is a good variety from Gothic , sans serif , Roman , Blackletter , modern , there are some cartoon fonts , comic fonts , and a whole range , etc.If you are using these fonts for personal use or non commercial business use , these fonts will be great.The bad thing though is that these fonts are proprietary and copyrighted , and there are limitations as to their use . You are not allowed to use them for commercial purposes i.e. use them on anything that is to be sold , which I think is bad . If for example , you want to create a T-shirt design and you use the fonts in this collection with your design and you want to sell the T-shirts , that would be illegal.Most software I use especially 3D modeling software , sound editing software , etc. allow you to use the content any way you wish provided you do not sell the original content itself , in this case to sell the actual fonts themselves . -LRB- In my 3D modeling software , you can use the content commercially so long as you do not copy and sell the software itself or the original content itself or modified versions of the original content i.e. meshes and such , which is fair , someone worked hard to make all of those meshes , but you can make your own original characters from the software and content and those are yours to use as you wish . -RRB- So I do n't like this particular fact . I can understand not allowing someone to sell or publicly distribute the original fonts themselves ; someone worked hard to create them , and they deserve their credit and royalties and of course should get paid for their work , but not to allow you the user to use them in printed matter to be sold I think is unreasonable . The printed matter is copyrighted by the one who wrote the material and the fonts are just the medium that the material is being written with.I am going to eventually invest in font editor/creator software so I can create my own fonts from scratch and then I can use both the fonts and printed material any way I wish without restriction at all .
 I bought this for my neighbor who has been enjoying it for sometime now . It is well worth the Amazon price and makes a good screen saver . The kids enjoy it also .
 It 's great ... works on Windows 7 and XP ... You can chose from 40 different exotic fish.You can change the fish , Backrounds , even add a JPG . picture of your likingfor a backround . . When you press the F key . . you feed the fish ... It has a track feature that allows you to follow your favorite fish close up ... And best of all . . the fish look and act real . . You 'll really enjoy the nuance and vivid colors ... Fishy Jim
 It takes some time to learn , but the investment really pays of . At the moment , I am only using Photoshop and Acrobat , still need to get to the other applications . I need to integrate a lot of picture elements into business presentations , and Photoshop does the trick just fine .
 Adobe Photoshop , Illustrator and Acrobat are the industry standard in their respective applications and purchasing Creative Suite is more cost effective than purchasing each component individually.One point to pay close attention to is the RAM requirement for this software . If you want to run just one application at a time , you need a minimum of 384MB . To run more than one application , you need at least 512MB with 1GB recommended by Adobe . CS2 checks the RAM on installation and will not even install on a computer with less than 384MB . Another point is that you are not buying the software . You are licensing it from Adobe and agreeing to their terms and conditions . Part of the agreement is that you can make a limited number of copies of your CD 's and that you can install CS2 on a second computer such as a laptop as long as you do n't run it at the same time as your primary computer . I had planned to do this , but ran into the RAM limitation on my laptop which is an older machine . It can run Photoshop 5.0 by itself , but not CS2 . I tried to install Photoshop CS only instead of the entire CS2 package but it would not accept the registration number . Adobe support told me that installing individual components of CS2 is forbidden and will not work . You can only install the entire package . This will not affect your primary computer since it is what you are buying the software for in the first place . But in this case , I may have been better off just buying the parts that I need and can use on the laptop rather than paying to upgrade my RAM.Once installed , Adobe CUE CS2 is programmed to start when you turn on your computer . However , you can stop it from doing so if you do n't want it hogging all of your RAM when you are not using CS2 .
 As a graphic designer , I have to work with Photoshop , Illustrator , InDesign , and Acrobat on a daily basis , and Adobe keeps coming out with better and more efficient products.CS2 helps to streamline workflow with Adobe Bridge , and new features such as Live Trace and Live Paint in Illustrator CS2 have saved me a lot of time on multiple projects.There is really no substitute for the Adobe Creative Suite . Photoshop and Illustrator are industry standard and InDesign is starting to become a front-runner against Quark Express for professional page layout design . Do n't fool yourself by buying Microsoft or Corel graphic design programs , as they are n't industry standard , and you might run into more headaches finding a commercial printer or graphic designer who can utilize your files.Also , take note that the Creative Suite is not for beginners or photo enthusiasts . If you are looking to begin your venture into the graphic design world , I would recommend downloading the 30-day trial versions from Adobe 's web site before forking out $ 1100 . Or if you just want to edit home photos , think about Photoshop Elements as a substitute.And remember that with graphic design , the key is learning how to use basic design principles and design well . If you can do that , then you are ready to move onto using tools such as the Adobe Creative Suite .
 If you have more than one hard drive and have them as a RAID drive , then you need to contact Adobe by phone -LRB- the number is on the registration page -RRB- and ask for the RAID patch.Every time I ran any of the programs , I was asked to re-register until I was finally locked out . I simply called Adobe and the semi-helpful customer service person did finally ask if I was had a RAID drive.By the way , with RAID 0 and 1GB of RAM you can run two or three applications very quickly . I have another two drives configured as RAID 1 , where I store all of my important documents and files.So I have four 160GB drives , two set to RAID 0 , where all of the applications are stored , and two set to RAID 1 , where all documents are automatically backed-up .
 I agree with the last reviewer -LRB- J Yonk `` J Dziner '' in Washington -RRB- with all but one item
 I have wanted the Adobe Creative Suite for many years ; however , the price has always made it impossible for me to acquire . Even though the Adobe Creative Suite 2 is a very old suite in 2011 , I was practically turning cartwheels when I saw that it was available at a price that I could afford . I made the mistake of purchasing other software with the same title without asking an important question
 While perhaps not the the full-blown version , Adobe is making CS2 available for download . Great if you 're on a budget
 It is fairly easy for a child to navigate through and play - especially with a giant arrow to get used to using a mouse . I only do not like the English type voice that reads the story and the words that are used . The voice is hard to listen to and my daughter gets bored with it and some words are not used in regular speaking and seem awkward to have in the story . Other than that I think it is a great computer beginner game for children .
 My daughter , 3 , really loves these games and can now play them by herself from start to finish . It 's all very intuitive , so she can easily move from activity to activity . I DO N'T like the `` adventure '' portions of these games -- as someone else wrote , they 're WAAAAY too much `` video '' and not enough interaction . But the `` map '' portions , where you can click on each activity individually , are great .
 If you are looking for games for a younger child then this one is for you . I bought this 3 pack for my son for his second birthday and it has introduced him to computer operation , taught him pre-preschooler skills , and kept him busy -LRB- while I exercise , cook , clean , or take care of my 3 month old he has his computer time -RRB- . He has been learning matching , number recognition , counting , colors , and even some spanish ! I love it ! He also loves to create ` drawings ' and print them out to hang on his art wall -LRB- where we post all of his creations :-RRB- or send to his granparents . From this set , I have ventured on to buy more challenging games for him -LRB- however , he still enjoys regularly playing the three games -RRB- , but as a starter set this one is great , especially if your child is as into Dora , Boots , and Diego as my son is .
 My 3 year old loves this game . He watches Dora on television , and I thought he might enjoy this . I was right about that . He can play the games on his own , and they are entertaining for him . I think some 3 year olds would have problems with some parts of the games while others would be able to play them all . I recommend this for kids from 3-6 years old . Great game !
 We could not tear him away from the computer once he got started . The only problem was that there is an uninstall button near the start button that comes up when you load the cd . He managed to uninstall it a couple of times .
 I bought this 3-Pack of Dora games for my 3 1/2 year old daughter ; the first night she played for 2 1/2 hours straight and she still plays them everynight . They are fun and educational and keep her very entertained , and she is so proud of herself when she solves the games . She started out on Level 1 on all 3 games and after a month she is already doing the Level 3 version . Great for teaching colors , counting , numbers , and other skills .
 I do n't know much about the 2 other games that came with the Dora game as I purchased this for Naomi , my 5 year old grandaughter who lives quite a distance from me . I bought her these games after I heard her crying about losing her Dora game . When the DVD rom in their computer malfunctioned it somehow managed to break the disk that was in the drive ... her Dora game . My daughter has since replaced the DVD rom and I just had to get Naomi another Dora game . She loves it !! So based on the wise observations of a gramma , this is a huge hit with 5 year old little girls ... I do n't know how well boys like it . I will let you know when Carter , Naomi 's baby brother starts playing it . LOL !
 this is a really good program for kids-it teaches them to count . my niece loves it
 This CD-ROM contains a rich collection of virtual reality resources , including virtual reality runtime toolkits , panorama authoring tools , Web3D design tools , viewers and documentation . With these virtual reality toolkits , you can design , edit , release and view 3D objects for your web , compose and view perfect panoromas photos , build a simple object or a complete virtual city for your project .
 ThinkFree Office v2 .2 for OS X is a very reasonable alternative to M$ Office . There is one bug that emerged with the OS X 10.2.6 update - when opening ThinkFree write , it creates a odd tiny window 1-2 pixels wide . I 've found some workarounds that allow the app to function , though ; and the e-mail support was excellent.As others have noted , there are some compatibility issues when importing M$ documents . These can be anywhere from minimal to irritating . The main problem that I 've seen relates to the placement of graphics . Calc , the spreadsheet , seems to be the most compatible . I do not use the presentation product , preferring Apple 's Keynote instead.Written in Java , I had some concerns about speed . Running ThinkFree v2 .2 on a Mac 9500 with a 400 MHz G4 card and a 9600 with a 500 MHz G4 card was slow . Typing frequently outpaced the character display . On the other hand , running it on my 1.25 GHz G4 DP MDD showed no adverse speed issues.The bottom line is that this suite works . Among the alternatives to M$ office for OS X , it is probably the best . The other wold be OpenOffice , which is improving , but you have to fuss with an X-window environment and though they state that anti-aliasing of fonts should work in the latest version , I could never get it to work.It is relatively inexpensive and from my perspective worth a try . I currently use it daily as my productivity suite .
 ThinkFree Office is solid office software with all the features you would expect to see in a professional package . There is a learning curve as things do n't all work as you might expect them to , assuming that you are accustomed to Microsoft Office . The thing that can be a real headache is when documents are not 100 % compatible - Word does not seem to have much of a problem importing ThinkFree documents but I 've had some formatting issues importing MS Office documents . It can be a great solution if you can put your whole office on this product - what you save is well worth the minor issues you 'll have and since your co-workers are using it compatibility issues are significantly reduced .
 Thinkfree Office is a simple and inexpensive software program that allows you to read and write MS documents without actually owning Microsoft Office.If you ca n't afford and/or do n't like MS Office , for whatever reason , and you 're looking for something that will allow you to access MS created documents and share with others , this product is for you.Drawbacks
 I installed the local/offline version from its purchased CD . I did n't want to fork out for yet another MS Excel/Word licence for the Mac but I absolutely had to be able to read and update Word and Excel docs while on the road . Another -LRB- unnamed -RRB- alternative had let me down . But Thinkfree Office does the trick . It correctly handles the MS Word formatting for page headers with a logo and 2-column formats with embedded photos in a newsletter I 've been writing for a while . It also handles my relatively simple Excel workbooks with embedded formulas . It opens and plays the occasional PowerPoint file that I need to view.Great value for my bucks ! If this is all you need then it 's definitely worth a try .
 This is the best `` upgrade '' yet ! If you 're considering dropping Quark for InDesign , do it ! Everything in the suite works seamlessly . InDesign is so far above Quark in every feature that it makes no sense not to go ahead and make the leap . Lots of your favorite features from Photoshop and Illustrator are integrated into InDesign -- like layers , transparency , and the ability to import native files . I 'm very happy I made this purchase and I recommend it to everyone !
 With all due respect to the guy from Japan , I use CS2 about 30 hours a week . I 've had InDesign crash twice and both times it recovered my work flawlessly up to the minute of the crash . While I 'll agree that the suite is getting a little bulky for older machines , my year-old machine has absolutely no problems running Illustrator , InDesign , Acrobat , and Photoshop simultaneously.Having moved to CS2 from Quark and a hodgepodge of other other applications -LRB- Freehand , Photoshop , Acrobat -RRB- , I can honestly say that the seamless integration of CS2 is a thing of beauty . You can go from one app to another effortlessly and the built in PDF support makes CS2 essential to my job.VersionCue , I do n't like . I do n't use it and it still hogs memory . That 's why I 'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 .
 If you are planning on upgrading from CS I would definitely recommend this product . If you have n't used live trace in Illustrator CS2 you will be amazed ! Very quick and easy installation on my Power Mac G5 .
 This suite is amazing in how much you can accomplish with it , even when you 're not a graphics designer of webdeveloper.The learning curve is somewhat steep , but is pays of to persist . I have developed several sites that look great and are of professional quality.GoLive is still somewhat buggy , but this may be memory related -LRB- currently I work with 1gig -RRB-
 Good creative software . There seems to be some unstability -LRB- minor -RRB- . I 'm sure Adobe is working on the patches.The differences between CS1 and CS2 appear to subtile for the most part . Adobe Bridge is one of the differences that stand out , and enhances all CS applications the way the file browser did for Photoshop.I am concerned that the packaging was nearly destroyed when CS2 arrived . Anyone could have looked in and nabbed it during the shipping process . I 'm relieved the software arrived , but I wonder from time to time what would have happened if it had n't .
 I rely on InDesign for publishing and photoshop for digital manipulations . The core products are rock solid . I have n't found a use for a lot of the other items , Adobe Bridge , and Go Live is a waste of time , though it is now being subbed with Dreamweaver in the other upgrades .
 Currently I 'm in Saudi Arabia I think that map should be updated specially in RiyadhAnd also they should add maps for the rest of the middle east -LRB- Syria - Jordan - Lebanon ...
 Im am using the webroot desk top firewall on one machine as an alternative to the bloated symantec firewall.I find it keeps my laptop with a 60 gig hard drive both protected , and super fast.Machine start up in standby is 5 seconds.A full start-up is less than one minute.The firewall lets more stuff through , but keeps the junk out.Yes webroot offers free technical support and they will walk you through redownloads , or installations.Webroot offers real support with spyware addware malware and hybrid trojans that are ignored by the competition Webroot cares about its customers , and yes they know what they are doing unlike that big antivirus company , that doesnt care .5 star recommended . I thank you Stewart L.
 Corel Ventura is not an ordinary page-layout program . I have been using the various incarnations of this program since the first version , Ventura Publisher , came out in 1986 . Having tried various other programs , including Quark XPress , PageMaker , and InDesign , I have concluded that Ventura is far and away the most capable program for those who need consistency throughout long documents -LRB- multi-chapter books , manuals -RRB- . Adobe FameMaker comes close , but it is much harder to learn . If all you want to layout is the occasional flyer , Ventura is perhaps not the program for you because you do n't need the sophistication the program offers . If you 're serious about book layout , there is n't a more suitable program on the market . Besides , Ventura is still considerably cheaper than the other professional layout programs .
 Ventura 10 continues to be the desktop publishing application of choice for desktop publishing professionals who have a choice . We find it far easier to use than the competition -- and that its features for long document publications are far more advanced than even the newest versions of the competition . One of Ventura 10 's strongest points is its savvy use of style tags for characters , paragraphs , pages , and tables -- giving us incredible control over formatting and great ease in changing formatting . Frankly , Ventura 10 is one of the few applications in which I really enjoy working -- as evidenced by all the books of ours that Amazon.com sells . Ventura is one of the great productivity-enhancing applications of all time!I am very puzzled by the earlier writer who actually thinks you can do everything Ventura does in Word , and better . If this person actually used Ventura 10 a few times to produce a book , catalog , or report , this person would understand why desktop publishing professionals cringe when they hear of people trying to produce long , structured documents in any word processor , especially the dreadful Microsoft Word . I must admit to being stunned by that person 's comments .
 If you are old enough to remember the Wacky Races or Hanna Barbera cartoons -LRB- Muttley and his infectious giggle ! -RRB- , this game will give you nostalgic bliss.It is set up sort of like Diddy Kong Racing on N64 , where you start out in a central area and have to drive to and open up new areas.The graphics are simply incredible , and the audio is good as well . The game uses the new cel shading techniques to make it look exactly like a cartoon , and it uses the Dreamcast 's power well.It also controls well and is easy enough for anyone to pick up and play . Each car has some special functions that you get to select up to three of , and they cost `` tokens '' which you pick up around the track . For example , turbo boost is usually 1 or 2 but something more fancy would be 3 tokens . It adds a lot of strategy to the racing because the game is basically boiled down to a kart type racer in that you have to use your weapons/skills instead of pure driving skill . But that 's what these types of games are about , fun!Even 2 player mode maintains a solid frame rate , which is very impressive indeed . I 'd say if you enjoy cartoons and kart racers , this game is a must buy !
 this game is great . using the fantastic graphic technique called cel-shading -LRB- surrounding a 3d polygon figure with thick black 2d outlines -RRB- this game truly looks like a cartoon . The characters ' cars are amazingly detailed and brightly colored . The same goes for the jaw-dropping backgrounds . Wacky Races controls in 2 different ways ; kart and advanced . Kart controls are similar to those found in other games such as Mario Kart for the N64 and Crash Team Racing for the Sony Playstation . Advanced controls are more similar to those found in Ridge Racer games with the ability to powerslide . There are up to 11 characters to play , straight from the 60s cartoon . Each character has their own car and player-specific power ups , such as speed burts , pumpkin mines , etc. . This game sounds great too , with an announcer that correctly comments on what is happening in the race , hundreds of character sound bytes , and catchy and cartoony tunes . This game is a must have for kart racing fans .
 It is just as great as the show . Its similar to DiddyKong Racing -LRB- even though the Amazon review says its similar to SouthPark Rally which it 's no where near . -RRB- , just with a small hub world . This is the best Wacky Races game I have played . It is a bit difficult , but do n't worry it has cheats to make it easier . If its to easy there is a cheat to make it harder . The AI is very well done , only the bosses are cheap . The other drivers are trigger happy , they will attack anything that gets near them -LRB- mostly other AI -RRB- . Definitely worth the money .
 I always loved this game , it was fun and funny . Great multiplayer racer , based on the Saturday morning cartoon of my childhood . When it was `` current '' it sold for $ 5.00 retail , nobody liked it . -LRB- I think they just never tried it , and saw it as a `` kids '' game -RRB- I used to buy copies of this and give them to friends who then loved the game . I gave my copy to a visiting friend , with the intention of just buying another , and suddenly could n't find one anymore . Years later , I still wanted to play this , so I turned to Amazon , found it here , and am never letting it go again !
 this is a great game it is up to 4 players and has great modes and great bosses ! its a fantastic game !
 just like the show i got my from ebay for 4 bucks buy this game it even has mutleys hiliarius laugh
 This is a fantastic racer.The environments and texture mapping are amazing . They 've really captured the look and feel of the cartoon . The character models are also very well done . Gameplay is addicting as you attempt to come in first and progress in the game . Its a little shallow in the sound effects department but thats a pretty minor complaint . Some of the races can be TOUGH so do n't be fooled into thinking this is just a kids game .
 I was very surprised about the quality of this game . The textures are smooth , the animation is clean and it looks almost like a cartoon . I recommend this game to anyone ! To much fun !
 When I first bought this item it was a bit advanced for my daughter to use on her own but as time passed she got into it more and more and now she sits by herself enjoying it .
 My 4-year-old twins love this game . They started playing it around age 2 and it was simple enough for them at that age and today they still ask to play it . Good quality graphics and sound .
 My daughter -LRB- 2 yrs , 3 months old -RRB- LOVES this program . We have an old laptop we allow her to bang on . She has learned to use the mouse quite accurately in the month or so that we 've had this program installed . She ca n't yet click the mouse button but most of this program only requires hovering over certain areas so that is n't an issue . We just need to buy her a -LRB- very small -RRB- laptop mouse instead of the big clunky one we have attached.She sings along with singing and has started counting , learning her ABC 's , colors , all the things I should have been teaching her but never seem to have the patience or time for . It 's the amount of progress she 's made in the one month we 've had it that just really amazes us . So far she 's not gotten bored with the program even though she plays with it a LOT.I would have bought this much sooner if I 'd known about it . My husband 's coworker was raving about it and he told me so I thought I 'd give it a try .
 I only had a few minutes to evaluate this product before giving it as a gift , so take this with a grain of salt . Pros
 i got this for my daughters second birthday . She loves it but still has problems using the mouse , but we are working with that . Overall i would recommend to anyone wanting to start their toddlers out on the computer . it is fun .
 This product runs on my computer . My hyper 2 year old loves the animation , and will sit still to watch . My 7 year old likes it too , and wants to sit with him . He likes to use the mouse , and be his little brother 's teacher . It works great for beginners , and grabs their attention .
 Ever since playing this game on a laptop , my 2-and-a-half year old thinks all electronics are `` puppy games '' and he wants to play it all the time . It 's very easy for toddlers to learn how to play the various `` games '' using a touchpad or mouse , and it does teach colors , alphabet , and animals along the way . Though some of the songs are ridiculous and obnoxious at times , I highly recommend this game . Works fine on WinXP .
 I bought this software for my 1st son 14 years ago , and now my 2 year old is loving it too ! Some parts seem kind of corny , yet he eats it up !!
 This is the only computer software my now almost 3 year old daughter has been able to thoroughly enjoy for the past year and a half . I had tried other software that was geared for older children -LRB- preschool or kindergarten -RRB- and they were way out of her range . So , on a whim , I picked up this title at toys r us while shopping for other items . My version is actually `` Jumpstart Advanced Preschool '' for ages 1 1/2 to 4 years . It consists of 4 CDs , one of which is `` Jumpstart Toddler '' . This CD is affectionately known in our house as `` Tickle Duckie '' since that 's what my daughter has grown to call `` Dedee '' the duck who is the star of most of the games . I credit this software to teaching my daughter her shapes , colors , and alphabet all at an early age ... she had loads of fun playing all these games . She is now , at almost 3 years , just starting to grow out of these games . I just installed the `` Jumpstart Preschool Fundamentals '' CD on my pc and will see how she does with that now , but I 'm sure `` Tickle Duckie '' will still be a favorite of hers .
 This is by far the best computer game that I have found for toddlers . It practices colors , shapes , letters , numbers , mouse control , and new words . The writers of this game really understood how a toddler uses the computer . The game makes every button on the keyboard a good button to push . Something always will happen ! This games was written before the `` start '' keyboard button , so that will still bring up the start menu in Windows . All other buttons have their functions changed to fit the game . Even the ESC key is good!It is also good that games can use either mouse or keyboard -LRB- except one game about mouse control -RRB- . The buttons will cause all of the fun things to happen as well as clicking on the picture.Highly recommended ! My toddler enjoyed it from about 17 months .
 I purchased this game for my son as a Christmas gift ! He will be 2 in a few months and really has a lot of fun playing it . The games are easy enough that if you you can move a mouse you can play most of them . The skill level does vary so , I am sure that as his skills improve he will be able to play more of the games . Over all a GREAT product !!!!
 This is some of the best $ $ $ I 've ever spent . My child has spent hours in front of the computer with this . I 've gotten so much accomplished around the house while he 's learned all his letters , his numbers , phonics , and more . There are a couple games that he needs the mouse for , but even before he was ready for the mouse , he could play the games and entertain himself with the keyboard . It has also taught him how to use a computer ... gently ! This is one of our favorite things !
 This software is used in a self contained classroom with Autistic students . They all love this software and I need another copy of it .
 This cd has a lot of repetition , I personally think it has too much music to it , everything is connected to a song of some type . My 2 and 4 yr old love it . They have learned quite a bit from the cd . My 2 yr old more so in regards to recognizing his ABC 's and numbers , and the 4 yr old on revisiting it all .
 I 've watched both of my Grandaughters start with this software , and they just love it . Both were two years when they started using it , and in a matter of weeks we could let them alone and just watch the improvements in both . Hand-eye with the mouse , recognition of the animals , and the areas they loved the most . I 've bought it for all our grand kids , and recommend it very much .
 This is a great tool for designers who need to supplement their 2-D art with a bit of 3D . It has great integration with Illustrator and I love having this capability on my desktop without having to go to 3DSMax or beyond .
 Works very nicely . Much better than v. 1 No problems .
 I just took on setting up my first small office network . We have four computers and a desktop that someone set up to run as a server . The 6 gig harddrive had long seen its time and needed to be replaced . I bought a Dell PowerEdge SC420 , 4 Windows XP Professional upgrades -LRB- from Amazon at an amazing price and current rebate -RRB- and Windows Small Business Server 2003 -LRB- also at a great price -RRB- . I 've worked on PC 's for years but never set up a office network with a server . I was very apprehensive and questioned my skill but this software honestly was ridiculously simple to install and deploy.It guides you through the entire process step by step and I recommend it highly to anyone looking for their first server software . Of course it does have some very technical aspects that left me scratching my head but that 's because I do n't know what I 'm doing . Setting up Sharepoint and Exchange will require some further reading on my part but should n't be that difficult to deploy.I recommend this product very highly and did n't give it 5 stars because of my own inexperience and not being able to see what it can fully do . It also takes hours to install which is pretty typical for any Microsoft product . I did have the whole thing done in one Saturday though and it took about 8 hours altogether .
 Pros
 This was totally plug-and-play with my PlayStation 3 and 15 '' MacBook Pro running OS 10.5 . Video files can take a bit of fussing , but I got WMV and MPEG4 to work just fine . Music and photos worked right away , and so did my iTunes playlists and iPhoto albums.Killer software
 This software worked immediately with both my PS3 and DirecTV HR21 . UPnP is exactly as advertised . Install the software , and it works . All of my iPhoto albums and iTunes playlists were immediately available and accessible form my MacPro . WOW ! Accessing VIDEO_TS folders is still a bit buggy , and my only reason for not giving five stars . This can only get better . Cheaper from the developer , but worth every penny .
 I have been using Fontographer for 5 years or more . In our part of the world -LRB- the South Pacific -RRB- there are numerous languages which have multiple vowels -LRB- e.g. Maori has 10 and Samoan has 20 -RRB- . These occur to lengthen a vowel by adding a macron above , to create a micro-pause -LRB- glottal -RRB- by adding a close single quote before and combinations of these . Creating special typefaces with these characters and making special linguisitic characters for dictionaries and academic books have been our major uses.Fontographer has been wonderful . It has allowed us to do things we could n't any other way . I have constantly been surprised at the power of the program and wished I could have more time to play with it.BUT . As proprietor of a design and typesetting business I am used to purchasing and using a wide variety of graphic & layout software and fonts . Fontographer is showing its age in comparison . It no longer conforms to accepted standards for interfaces . It is unstable in the modern environment -LRB- I have to turn off every extension but the most basic to run it -RRB- . And it has n't been upgraded since Adam was a boy . I fear that it will become completely incompatible with a modern operating system soon and then I will have to abandon it . Macromedia are you listening ?
 There has been a lot of -LRB- possibly valid -RRB- negative critique on the scientific merits of the ISS but this IMAX film of it is just breath-taking . I would love to see a far more in-depth version .
 I was initially a bit sceptical about ordering this as i ` m from UK . Would it work on my ps3 ? How much extra would i pay for import taxes etc.well it works a dream in 2D & 3D . requested normal posting by snail mail , and it arrived 10 days earlier than dated on Amazon.picture quality is excellent , and looks amazing through a 47 '' LG 3D LCD TV . the film really deserves to be played through a cinema surround system . Sounds perfect through my 7.1 surround system :-RRB- everything in this film is awesome . quite a good few camera shots that i ` ve never seen yet in all the NASA films ive downloaded from any source i could find .3 D really makes this film stand out and realise the accomplishments and sacrifices made to get where we are in space.if your interested in the shuttle/NASA or anything like that then its a definate purchase .
 Fantastic movie , verY well narrated by Tom Cruise , on 3d mode it seems that we are inside the space shuttle ! I definetely recommend it .
 Since the 3D era took off ; I purchased & viewed few 3D Blu-ray movies ; this one the '' Space Station '' is a tremendous piece of work in 3D ; however , at the beginning while introducing this movie , Tom Cruise overcame by his ego took over the production as he opened the first few lines of the Space Station introduction as if he was in action himself in this world Space Station environment by using the word `` WE '' in his narrative ; -LRB- he may had been OK in Top Gun but not in the events relating to the Space Station -RRB- . At least after a while , the astronauts themselves were relating their own actions throughout this movie.During the time that Tom Cruise was in his personal egoistic mood , this movie were as if in 2D ; but thereafter the 3d took effect with some gorgeous snapshots of the Astronauts , Space Station and Surroundings.Overall , I do recommend this IMAX
 IMAX Spacestation/Mission to Mir in an excellent Blu Ray with breath taking IMAX photography ! It is a definite MUST for any collector as I myself own almost 15 IMAX Blu Ray high definition videos ! In addition to Spacestation/Mission to Mir , I also bought IMAX Blue Planet/The Dream is Alive which is another must for your Blu Ray library ! I 've bought every one of my Blu Ray movies on Amazon and they are the cheapest and the best by far - way better than Wal Mart !
 If you have ever been fortunate to see this amazing 3D film in an Imax theatre then this DVD relives the experience , from the shattering launch of the Russian rocket to the superb shots of the earth whilst in orbit . The Imax print produces the usual high quality that we enjoy with all these DVD transfers and if you have n't seen it , get an armchair seat in the International Space Station , it 's out of this world !
 Next to being on the International Space Station in person , with this DVD you can get down and personal with the crew . The view of the Earth is spectacular and the shots of the interior boggles the mind .
 This beautiful dvd is a must see for even the most casual follower of our space explorations . The color , sound , and overall visual impact of this endeavor is without equal . You 'll be glued to your chair and will want to watch it over and over again . Just sit back and experience the closest thing most of us will ever get to a lift-off into space . Five stars barely covers the true value of this program .
 Fantastic . If you llike this kind of documentary , you have to buy now .
 I bought this DVD with medium hopes of watching some good footage of the Space Station . I watched it with my 5 year old daughter and we both learned a lot . I have a big screen HDTV and a DVD player that up converts from 480 to 1080 and it was stunning . Tom Cruise `` The Self Proclaimed Know-It-All '' narrated it , which to me was a draw back hearing his voice but I was able to get over it . I give it 5 stars , even tom cruise could not screw this one up .
 It was OK . Bought to see it on my new 60 '' DLP TV.My main critique on this DVD was the lack of ability to select chapters and skip the boring parts .
 `` Space Station '' includes several excellent bonus features , including a tour of the station given by astronauts themselves using hand-held cameras . Of course these do n't have the grandeur of the staged IMAX feature , but most of that grandeur is lost on the small screen anyway . Between the main feature and the extras , this is excellent value for money for the space enthusiast .
 An exceptional high res view of space , and the SST . I was overwhelmed at the theatre but at home , it just was n't the same as IMAX . A bit of animation thins out the real thing . It was however , great footage and allowed the dreamer in me to smile !
 The 3D version I saw at the Science Museum IMAX Theatre in Munich was really impressive.This home adaptation strongly reduces the original intent of the authors especially in the first part of the film when the simulationts of the ISS made by virtual reality are shown . The result is a film sometimes boring and the scenes flat . My preferred IMAX space film remains Destiny in Space.Generally speaking you ca n't miss the DVD in your space film collection .
 This is a wonderful documentary . Very interesting from technological , human and visual standpoints.The 3D is top notch and causes the viewer to truly be immersed in the experience . If you have a 3D set-up and enjoy this sort of subject matter , I suggest you buy this one .
 Great DVD and best of all it plays on Australian Blueray player -LRB- PS3 -RRB- . This is as close to going to space as anyone will get .
 I recently upgraded my home entertainment system , and part of that involved the addition of a blu-ray player and a larger high-definition display.I 've had several of the IMax movies for a number of years . On a traditional picture-tube TV -LRB- even a very , very high-quality one -RRB- I 'm sure you 'd never notice the difference between the BD and the DVD versions of this.When I upgraded , I discovered that some of my films on DVD were `` non-anamorphic '' transfers , and some were 4:3 `` full screen '' transfers ... which are nice enough on the old display , but totally unacceptable when dealing with 1080p displays.Interestingly , most movies -LRB- if provided in `` anamorphic widescreen '' format -RRB- on DVD look perfectly acceptable ... I ca n't really tell the difference between a DVD and BD in most cases . Definitely not worth `` updating '' to BD for all of those ... though I suspect I 'll never buy another DVD again if there 's a BD available.But some films just DEMAND the high-definition experience . The `` Lord of the Rings '' movies -LRB- once they finally have a BD version of the extended cuts ... not out yet , mind you -RRB- are among those . And almost EVERY `` Imax '' movie does.Unlike with most DVDs-to-BD comparisons , the difference between BD and DVD video on these is very , very apparent , and the picture quality of the BD transfers is just STUNNING . I 'm sure that many other movies share this same `` level of detail '' quality ... but the majority do n't , so DVD is perfectly fine for most . But here ... it makes a huge difference.If you have the chance to update to BD for ANY Imax film - do it . It 's worth the money ... it 's like a whole new experience .
 Unbelievable to learn what we do outside the earths boundries . A little out dated but still great to watch .
 Otro excelente documental del universo y en 3d se disfruta mejor.recomendable para todos aquellos admiradores del universo.gracias mil .
 This 3D move was very enjoyable . It has great 3D affects and really shows you the Space Station like you 've never seen it . Unfortunately we watched this after seeing another very similarly themed 3D movie that was better than this one . That is the only reason for my lower rating . If I had never seen the other title , I would have been impressed by this one . Still worth the watch , but I would get the best deal you can on it .
 The Imax video was both beautiful and informative . I used it to teach an astronomy lesson to my middle school kids . I was also able to get the video for around 8 dollars new . Such a good deal for a useful movie .
 it arrived on time and it was as the description of the product specified , im happy with this and im sure i will make lots of future purchases here , thanks .
 I bought this disc to try out the 3D capabilities of our new TV , it 's pretty sweet !! I ca n't wait for the planet Xenu documentary
 Not really what I expected but a good video nonetheless . The 3D , in my opinion , isnt that great but it does have its moments .
 It is like Deep sea with people in space suits.the 3D was Ok at first then it was grae at the ending when thy were playing with there fruit .
 Space Station 3D is my favorite IMAX movie ever ! I saw it at the aquarium 's IMAX 3D theater . It was great ! The opening credits are very cool in 3D . It feels like they are forming in front of you and moving back . The narrator starts out showing you the real ISS . Then it moves to a very cool simulation of how to use a jet pack that will save you if you get away from the station that astronauts are using . Then we see a very loud -LRB- thanks , IMAX corp. -RRB- rocket launch that sends the station 's first module , Zarya , into orbit . Then we see the shuttle Discovery conect the Unity Node to Zarya with help from the shuttle crew . Then , the narrator talks about recycling air and water in space . The Zvesda module , that contains the technology to recycle these resorces in space , gets conected . Now the first crew is ready to come up . The crew includes two Russians and an American as comander . The comander has a while to get used to being away from his wife , yet he is very proud . The crew goes on the shuttle , -LRB- that we see launch -RRB- and they go to the station . Most of the scenes after that are about living in space . We get to see astronauts shave , eat , drink and sleep in space . We also get to see two laboratories get attached to the station and the narrator also talks about how the Space Station can come in use in the future in the end . All in all , I recommend it as the best IMAX film EVER !!
 I saw this film twice in the IMAX theatre at the California Science Center in Los Angeles . It 's absolutely phenomenal . The narration , camera work , direction and editing are very impressive . Some launch scenes will leave you scrambling for cover they are so real ! Some shots of Earth from the Space Station are breathtaking . At times I felt as if I were there outside the Space Station looking down toward Earth . I strongly recommend it !
 `` Space Station '' , IMAX 's latest space video , is Tom Hanks loving tribute to the ISS now in orbit . Do n't look here for controversy about the program , or to a debate about whether it should have been built in the first place . Instead , it is a visually spectacular tribute both to the astronauts -LRB- who did much of the filming -RRB- and to the multi-billion dollar , multi-national project itself . There is nothing in here that would upset the NASA PR machine.Having said this , it is a film to sit back and enjoy the awesome footage taken both from the inside and from the outside of the station . The visual quality of the film looks good even on a small television and must have been awesome on the big IMAX screens . One especially memorable scene was when they placed a camera -LRB- too -RRB- close to the Russian Proton rocket that launched the first station component . The flame , roar and flying debris -LRB- some of which nearly destroyed the $ 40,000 IMAX camera -RRB- attest to the power of that large rocket . Interior shots of the station show the large amount of internal space , far more than the little small spacecraft that we sent into orbit and on the moon , and the sheer joy of floating around weightless.A good supplemental film described how they made the film , including interviews with a former NASA astronaut who participated in the filming.Overall , though it is more a NASA-sponsored PR piece than a penetrating look at the station program , the visual spectacle make it a must buy for any space fan
 Space Station/Mission to Mir Imax -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- The pictures in space are absolutely amazing . Strongly recommend this Blu-Ray to anyone who has an interest in the space program . My husband worked at Boeing during the Saturn V program , including making flight parts for the original Lunar Rover . We follow the space program with a keen interest , and found this DVD to be most informative and entertaining .
 I was truely amazed by this film . I saw it once alone , once with my wife and once with my brother in-law and it was just as awesome each time . To see the space station and astronauts in 3D was a real treat but instead of just being enthralled with all of the technology , the thought I kept revisiting and conveying to my movie guests was `` My God , Look at earth ! '' I mean at one point you 're looking down a long structure towards earth and seeing 3D cloud formations and the next you 're experiencing the space shuttle lifting off and performing a roll -LRB- Really cool -RRB- and seeing a beach get really small . To sum up , I 've always wondered what earth looks like to astronauts from space and thanks to IMAX and NASA , now I know in a very big way .
 I saw this thrice in the IMAX theaters . The direction , narration and photography was simply astounding . The film beautifully chronicles the activities of building and maintaining this amazing piece of equipment in space . The film has several blast off sequences that will leave you in awe . If you are even the slightest space buff you will be mesmerized.I am keenly awaiting the release of this film on DVD .
 Sit back and relax . You are about to experience one of the best trips you will ever take ... unless , of course , you are lucky enough to actually GO into space.I was n't able to see this movie when it was in IMAX theaters because I did n't have a theater near where I lived . I just got the DVD as a gift and , honestly , I would not have minded paying for it myself.I watched the DVD on my laptop and the quality of the video was jaw-dropping impressive . I then moved over to the TV to watch it and it did n't miss a beat when it came to quality . The visuals are so stunning , I actually took screen-captures and am currently using them as desktop wallpaper . I do n't think words can describe how great the DVD was as far as picture quality , so I hope that helped.If you are n't a big fan of Tom Cruise -LRB- like myself -RRB- , do n't worry as his voice is n't in it too much . Although I must admit , he did a great job with his narration . Luckily , most of the narration you get is from the crews that have been on the ISS , which makes it a lot more interesting.Someone had mentioned that the extras were the best part . While I agree that they were great , I think the whole package is evenly great . The movie itself gives you some awe-inspiring visuals and information about what it is like to live onboard the ISS , while the extras give you more info about the ISS itself -LRB- i.e. a tour of the station -RRB- . The worst part about this documentary , for me at least , was the fact that I did n't get to see it in an IMAX theater . If you are , or know somebody who is , a space fanatic , or just like IMAX videos , this is without a doubt one of the best purchases you can make .
 Quality of the 3D footage is outstanding . / The story is good but sometimes drags and leaves you wanting for something more than the film delivered.Footage of the first Soyuz launch was spectacular . But , having witnessed many spectacular , live shutlle launches , the film missed a golden opportunity by omitting any footage of a shuttle launch.After a while , the film tends to drag thru more boring shots of crewmembers floating thru the station , sleeping , etc.However , the incredible 3D photography more than offsets that negative .
 I love this film ... the story the footage and the details . But dont buy it if you just want it for the 3D effect . The 3D effect is not that great cuz it was filmed with two huge IMAX cameras that were too far apart so the difference in images is too much and really hurts your eyes when watching it for too long . My wife had the same reaction . Still a great video to watch on a standart TV .
 This movie has some great 3d galaxy shots . It started out a little slow but gained momentum all the way through . I have watched it many times . IMAX does a great job again
 I bought this for my grandparents after they bought a huge Samsung 3D tv . It really is a great collection of impressive 3D tricks , and information about the interesting things going on in space .
 I saw this movie on july 2002 at Sunset Dr. South Miami , Florida . I was amazed by the outstanding video and audio quality , and I must add that `` breathless '' & `` speachless '' are words that just do n't make any justice to the way I felt.I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wonders how things are up there . It 's beautiful , not only because you can see how deep things are , but how wonderful life in space could be . A point of view no one on Earth can appreciate.Life without dreams is meaningless .
 If I were to compare this to other Blu-Ray 3D content and my opinion is only about the 3D , then I have to say this is a average title , much like the Hubble 3D . IMO any of the outside space scenes are awesome , inside shuttle and ISS are good and the rest is ok.The subject matter on the other hand is great ! So if you are picking this up both because you want to see a documentary on the ISS AND you want the experience to be enhanced by 3D , get it ! If you are getting it to be blow away by 3D alone , then it might not be the best choice .
 This 3D Blu-ray DVD is a documentary , as you can probably tell by the title , and it is quite interesting to watch particularly in 3D . I know 3D TV is not for everyone ; however , I personally happen to enjoy watching 3D TV very much and own over 24 3D Blu-ray DVDs . 3D adds a special quality to the subject at hand by presenting the topic almost as if you were there . This particular DVD I found to be very informative and educational . It 's great for children and adults of all ages . I recommend you buy this DVD if you have n't yet .
 Was very pleased with the 3d aspect of this movie . There is great depth throughout the film . At the end when the astronaut throws the orange at the camera will make anybody move your head to avoid getting hit . It is a little boring at times but it is entertaining .
 I saw Space Station once at Kennedy Space Center and twice at the BFI IMAX in London , England and have been eagerly anticipating the DVD release . As a certified space geek and Auburn grad , it was especially pleasing to see Col. Jim Voss '72 doing so well . Probably the only downside to the film is the narrattion by Mr. Katie Holmes ... I mean , Tom Cruise . But honestly , you wo n't be paying much attention to Mr. Holmes ' -LRB- dangit , I mean Mr. Cruise 's -RRB- dialogue , as your attention will be transfixed on the incredible camerawork . A worthy addition to my IMAX space collection , I give it a 5/5 .
 The 3D effects of this film makes you feel like you 're right there , standing next to the cosmonauts . If you miss this , you 're really missing out .
 One of the best 3-D documentaries around . I saw this years ago in the theater and it has lost none of its wonder in translating to home 3-D . The 3-D really brings home what it is like to be inside the International Space Station and live and work there . This is a great use of 3-D that really brings it home .
 I read some reviews saying this is really boring . It 's definitely not action packed from the beginning and I do wish there were more 3D images of just space , the Earth , the satellites , and the launch . There is a really cool 3D shot from the window of the shuttle upon takeoff where you get to see the beach zoom away and the Florida coastline appears , but the shot is only held for about five seconds . Awesome shot though ... wish they would have held the shot all the way into space ... that would have been incredible.Nevertheless , every time I have played this DVD for friends , they are amazed ... or they are just making me feel good . But seriously , it 's worth it . There are a couple of shots where the 3D is messed up , but it 's only about 10 seconds . The beginning is not true 3D on the disc either , and since I 've read that in the IMAX theaters , it was , it appears this is a coding error . But again , nothing that killed it for me.If you 're interested in space and want to see 3D images of space , you 'll get probably a total of five minutes of such images , but I think that 's really cool .
 Everytime i have friends at the house I show them this great documentary . Everyone walks out of my theater kind of quiet and thougthfull . Most of us dont know what the NASA is doing they having a ball and lots of fun up there . To see the space walks and the way the space station was build its just mind blowing . The film is not boring for a second quality is outstanding even with a projector with a 200 inch screen the quality is still just like a lcd tv . Love it everyone does a must see .
 I saw this movie in D.C. for the first time , and the images blew my mind away . I was lucky enough to see it in an IMAX theater . If you like space , this is definitely something you should not miss .
 space station take me a NASA FL IMAX . Very special for kids learn more about `` man in space '' .
 Great images of astronauts in space , reviewing their day to day , tasks and responsibilities . This film gives us the opportunity to see what it is like to live in those conditions , which are not easy !
 All I can say is wow . I saw this twice at KSC and I still would like to see it again . The views of earth are just so beautiful .
 Space Station -LRB- 2002 -RRB- was another great IMAX film sponsored by Lockheed Martin that I rate at four or five stars . This film showed the International Space Station -LRB- ISS -RRB- in the crystal clear high definition we have become accustomed to in all IMAX productions . All of the footage filmed within the space station was taken by the Astronauts who did a fine job.In addition to absolutely clear footage of two early ISS missions , it featured IMAX coverage of a Russian Proton -LRB- ~ 2.5 million pound thrust -RRB- mega-booster rocket launching the largest module of the ISS , interior and exterior shots of the Russian Soyuz and Progress spacecraft while docked to the ISS , and coverage of multiple American Space Shuttle launches to service the ISS.Other wonderful features were included like coverage of missions 7 and 8 to the ISS which , while not filmed in IMAX , provided detailed hand over hand tours of the International Space Station and a good feel for the basic overall layout of the early space station . In addition an interesting documentary on the making of this IMAX production was included.These features add up to just under 50 minutes of quality IMAX footage as well as the three excellent featurettes which are a bargain for under $ 10.00 from Amazon . This is definitely one to own and see again and again .
 We bought it right after we returned from NASA . The content is identical as what we saw at IMAX theatre in FL . This will make you want to buy bigger TV . It is an excellent item .
 This is a decent IMAX , not real exciting but good ... my 6 year old son and I enjoyed it together ... a bit `` scientific '' for little kids ...
 I use the Mitsubishi 3d WD73640 and the sony 3d bluray player . . The 2d depth setting in the menu under 3d tv . . makes this moviejump out at you . . I still can believe the depth you get ! Almostlike 3d . . not quite !
 This product works great and would definitely buy more of . I would definitely do business with this company again . Very Happy .
 I purchased this 3D Blu-ray IMAX presentation on the International Space Station to watch with a new Sony VPL-VW90ES 3D front projector displaying on a 100 in . wide Stewart StudioTek 1.30 screen that we have just had installed in our home theater . Wow , the 3D presentation on this disc is outstanding . Color were brilliant , the image was sharp and highly detailed , the 3D views inside and outside of the International Space Station were breath taking . This is a great 3D Blu-ray demonstration disc and shows just how good 3D can be when shot with excellent equipment and designed from the beginning to be presented in 3D . The overall quality of the 3D on this disc -LRB- which we viewed using Sony active shutter glasses -RRB- is actually better than the 3D Avatar I saw at my local IMAX using passive 3D glasses . Highly recommended . An outstanding 3D presentation in every respect .
 Those shinny small things that emerge during a cloudless night when sight out in space is clear have always intrigued mankind . The curiosity for the stars and space has led people from several countries to seek more knowledge about space and in recent times the studies have even allowed for space travel . However , space travel is very dangerous and not as easy , as can be observed in Star Wars films and other science fiction films . It takes much preparation and knowledge to avoid a possible deadly accident , which eventually brings the people out in space.IMAX presents another fantastic documentary , and this time it brings the audience to the end of the horizon and beyond out to space . It is a venture that depicts a multinational project to build a space station where research can be done in zero gravity and preparations for further space exploration . It is a gigantic project that brings the audience on a visual feast of how the space station is built and the how much hard work the astronauts and cosmonauts from several different countries have to put in . It is fortunate that the world can witness such a visual display provided by IMAX , as it will undoubtedly mesmerize most viewers.A very detailed CGI sequence opens the documentary , which leads the audience to learn about some of dangers that lurk in vacuum space . Intermittently , the opening generates a feeling that the viewer is the astronaut in danger through first person visuals , as two voices calmly discuss how to get to safety . It feels bizarre , as most people would panic and that would increase the danger . However , shortly after it shows that it is a virtual reality simulator where the astronauts practice several potentially dangerous situations in order to prepare for what could possibly happen in space.Through the narration of Tom Cruise and the astronauts in the film much is revealed in regards to the several steps and the teamwork required to bring up the different sections of the space station to space . Russians , Americans , and many other nationalities cooperate in order to achieve the goal of a finished space station . In one scene , earth is depicted from space when one of the astronaut 's voices informs the audience about the absences of borders when viewing earth from space . The concept of borderless nations seems also to exist between the people working on the space station project , as differences are put aside and all attention is focused on what is important-the space station . It is peaceful feeling that many will wish existed on earth , and maybe it can be an example that people with differences can coexist.Space Station generates a suspended experience that seems to hang on a thin thread , as if something could go wrong at any moment . It is not suspense , but a careful feeling , as if the viewer actually did participate in the building of the space station . The feeling of participation augments the worthwhile visual experience , because it makes the space station project seem so much more important . Cumulatively , Space Station leaves the viewer with the notion of importance in studying the stars and space , which have generated much curiosity among the people of the world for millennia .
 This 3-D Blu-ray has footage so crystal clear of astronauts floating in space thinly attached to protrusions of the Space Station that I cringed in my chair and felt a visceral terror come over me as I looked out at the vastness of space in which they were working . We 're so fragile ! The 3-D is overpoweringly real-seeming because I knew these scenes were actually shot at the Station and at the launching and preparation locales ; I felt -LRB- though of course I knew better -RRB- I might be in danger of plummeting to the Earth so beautifully pictured below.Yes , this is a short film , but it 's worth every penny for those who can give serious consideration to this amazing accomplishment of mankind . The scenes inside the Station , the many demonstrations of weightlessness , the occasional humor such as the weightless passing along of a woman along with the cargo as everyone -LRB- including the woman -RRB- smiled riveted my attention on the fact that this is an outpost of humanity in the vast isolation that surrounds us . How easy to feel small in that context.The scenes inside the Station are so clear , I felt I could reach out and touch things , a feeling that gave me a better understanding of the living and working conditions in such cramped space . This film and the 3-D Hubble film are ones I feel are proud and vital additions to my collection.This endeavor is a technical miracle , and the filming of it in such sharp detail is a blessing . That humans from different political divisions , philosophies and agendas could cooperate to bring this to pass is a strong and hopeful sign that humanity recognizes its essential homogeneity . Someday we may all be able to come together after all.I recommend this film highly if you want to feel what it might be like in space and are interested in man 's progress to the stars . I viewed it on my 55 '' LG 3-D TV with passive glasses and with my home theater sound on . As we used to say in the ' 60 's , `` What a trip ! ''
 The shuttle launch alone is worth the price of the DVD . WOW . With a good surround system and subwoofer like I have , you are there . It 's a stunning sequence . I have never seen a shuttle take off like this . The TV news shots do n't do this justice . The story of the space station is very interesting . Some very cool and surprising shots of the inside and how people live there . It 's really fascinating . This is very well produced program . Get it .
 I am not a real space fan but I saw this DVD in a store a couple of days ago and decided to buy it . After watching this DVD , I regret not seeing this documentary in the IMAX Theater . This documentary gives you an intimate look from the astronauts and cosmonauts ' point of view that visited and lived on the International Space Station . You get an experience that is visually completely out of this world and an inside view of what goes on in the International Space Station -LRB- and how it was build -RRB- . The views , footage , and image quality are absolutely breathtaking , both inside and outside the space station . Way better than the regular footage you see on TV . My advice however is to look at this DVD at night in complete darkness . The camera work the astronauts and cosmonauts did is amazing . This is also the first time I looked at the whole documentary over again but with the audio commentary which was very interesting to listen to . I also looked at all the bonus features . This inside look at the International Space Station on this DVD is truly amazing and something I will probably never experience .
 Ok , so I 'll start off by saying that I enjoyed the movie . It was the first 3D title I purchased for my 3D Panasonic plasma TV . It left me with the impression that I would n't be using the 3D function of my TV very much at all . I suspect that , like all IMAX 3D shows that I 've seen in the theater , they focus on eye-popping 3D effects . To me , and the two guests that watched it with me , we all were completely eye-fried after watching it and it took a good five to ten minutes before our eyes felt normal again . While some reviewers complain about the short duration of the movie , after a half-hour of it , my eyes hurt and my brain hurt . I wanted it to stop.Now , my second 3D purchase was another IMAX title , Deep Sea 3D . Much easier to watch , less attempts at eye-popping effects , and so much easier to sit through an entire 40 minutes without eye fatigue.Then I got Tron
 I am not a great fan of documentry type movies but this one was really good . I was surpised that it only lasted 43 minutes but then I watched the version with the commentary by one of the astronauts and a producer -LRB- I think -RRB- . The commentary version gave another perspective . Then there was a tour that was done by a male astronaut . I think he was just floating through and giving a tour like one would do when touring their new home to a friend . It was very insightful . I really wish I would have seen the IMAX version in the theater although the DVD version is great .
 This was my favorite 3D title until AVATAR came out ... Visually superb , interesting , and the audio is tremendous . Very worthwhile .
 Shuttle video and sould n a good home theater is fantastic . Story is a bit weak , kind of like a somewhat booring docuentary . 3D is effective , but not outstanding , except fo a few parts . A must buy if you are a space geek , otherwise , you might not make it through he whole video.Worth what I paid for it .
 Just purchased my new LG 3d TV and got it on the weekend . Have a blu-ray and 3d player with the PS3 so I wanted to purchase a good movie to show off the 3d effects , Have been reading about this movie for some time so I bought it as it had great reviews . No regrets at all , fantastic diplay of 3d and more importantly , you learn something new . If you like space , science , and the ability to show off your 3d , this is a great buy for the family .
 Weak 5 min 3D introduction . However after that it is superb . Great educational tool for young and old alike who want to get a better understanding of just what the space station effort is all about . Since I also have surround sound the audio was fantastic . Sounds of the rocket launches were awesome . Highly recommend .
 There are several 3D scenes where you think you are in the space station with them . 3D visual effects very good .
 The program was ok but not for the 37 $ . 7 wonders of the galaxy by history channel was way , way better . gh
 If you are fascinated with the idea of going into space , and you are interested in reality , this is an excellent long look at the creation of the international space station . Could it have been done better ? Sure . But it 's live footage with no professional acting , and I got everything I wanted in terms of the feeling of the station set up and the launches . It was great to see the school with the kids asking questions . Our news media so completely ignores good news that I really did n't know about the education outreach programs . I have never been to see a launch up close and here I got to see not only a basic 3D view from Florida , but also a nice glimpse of detail from the Russian facility . A lot of these early 3D blu-rays are more about the novelty of 3D than about ultimate production values . If you are interested in our space program you will enjoy this . I also thought something was wrong when the opening sequences came up 2D but it 's easy to figure it out and wait for the 3D to start .
 real real fly / like in my ole town down in texas y' all . lol lol lol he he .
 This item was purchased to replaced a damaged disc . I am so glad someone referred me to Amazon to find this . I really love the program and am so glad to be able to continue using it !!
 I am active in the Preschool Ministry , use the clip art for pictures of OT and NT , books of the bible , objects and symbols , Church events , prayers and scriptures . The ability to find images that go with the weekly Bible Lesson is the greatest feature for me . I showed the book to the Church , they bought a copy . No higher recommendation than that . God Bless
 I use Christian Graphics Deluxe program to bring our Powerpoint presentation of Worship Songs to life on Sundays . The words of the song seem to mean more when you have a visual picture/background . When you are singing a song that states `` flow river flow '' and you literally have a river flowing as a background brings the words to life . We have received a great response from our congregation and in fact have had other church worship leaders ask what we use . I highly recommend this product for your use .
 I use this program to do my weekly church bulletins and any signs , handouts , posters , visitation flyers , and even door hangers for our youth visitations once a month in our community . With all the graphics in this program I am sure to find whatever graphic I may need for any church event or calendar . This program is a must for anyone who does the paperwork in their church such as those I have listed above . I would love to see more programs like this one available on the market at reasonable prices for those who ca n't afford the more expensive programs .
 I have been a graphic designer for almost 11 years , i am using Photoshop for alsmost some years now , and it 's a very good software for designers and special effects , i have just baught a G4 MAC laptop 17 '' and this standard Adobe CS2 -LRB- MAC -RRB- works perfectly on it also the illustrator , i did not use yet the other software that are on the cd 's but these two so far until otherwise are excellent . This Adobe software works REALLY REALLY well on Mac , Well , ... for me it does . that is woth the price beleive me , you can buy it with no fear.do not know yet for PC , but MAC users , trust me you can go for it .
 I recently purchased this product and have been very pleased with it . Very easy to use and the fact that you can print photos with or without captions is a great feature . It also great for organizing and searching a large number of photos as well as burning to a photo album .
 This is a great cd for someone just starting out , it makes you want MORE . I get great artwork . for beginners like myself , its a great introduction to Printmaster . Lots of pictures , cards etc. .
 First , this is an add on package for AutoCAD 2000 LT. There are many thousands of `` templates '' with every sort of object imaginal , from welding symboles to TV 's . The only problem is your paying for the extra % 95 you do n't use . But to get propley sized symboles and to save time , you ca n't go wrong with this package . I highly reccmend it , by the way , I use it for residental and commercial floor plan layouts .
 A lot of symbols for the price , a lot easier than drawing them yourself.Take Note they are not compatible with AutoSketch 9 , even though Amazon will sell them together as a package , they do not work together . Check it out at the AutoDesk web site .
 This is a part of my continuing education goal . These are easy to use products that produce results . I rank most materials like this as excellent .
 I am 17 and studying for the ACT . I checked out several titles from the library and this is by far the best ! You take diagnostic tests and it customizes your review to help your weak points . I am hoping to raise my score by two points when I take it again in a few months and know it is managable working with Score Builder !
 I have Windows XP Professional , and this program runs fine on it ; I do n't know if the previous reviewer has a different type of XP , or something else is wrong with their computer or CD . It also runs on my older Macintosh -LRB- OS 9.2 -RRB- but not on the newer OS 10.3 . This CD does not include the new essay portion of the SAT.My son used this to prepare for the SAT , and did very well
 this is a must have , it helped me gain the pionts i needed to get it to collage where other programs failed , its easy to use and is definately worth spending the money on ! nuy it
 This software is great . There 's room for improvement , however . I would like to be able to do more editing . Thank you .
 When I purchased this program I was unsure if I would like the layout for it , but when I received it -- I LOVED IT ! My 4 year old daughter even made her daddy a Father 's Day award using this program . I would like to recommend it to individuals that are looking for an easy program , maybe a first time user , or a young child to get started on . I am also in the process of looking for another edition of this program.My sister had also purchased this version and loved it too ! I am satisfied very much with this version , I would like to thank the makers of this cool program which is very easy to install and to add text or just to view in different interesting areas . I do encourage you all to let your children try this version of the American Greetings CreateaCard . It 's fun and easy . There are also some cute and colorful screensavers included .
 CreateACard software is easy to load on your computer . However , my CD did not come with an Instruction Manual so I 'm currently doing the trial and error system to Create my cards .
 Very prompt fast service . I have used this product for years . The instructions are user friendly . So pleased to be able to replace one that got broken .
 I 've used both Photoshop and Illustrator for many years now , and I 've been continually impressed by the new features in each version that have made my design work easier . CS2 does deliver with a number of enhancements in both tools and interface for both products . The good you can read in the press-release info above , and yes the new features are great.The unfortunate downside to CS2 is performance . If you do not have very good hardware , expect a performance decrease with CS2 . For example my Quadro video card only has 64MB of memory , but Photoshop CS2 really needs 128MB or more to run smoothly . Without it , Photoshop will sometimes pause for a moment as it has to catch-up with your commands . Also expect 1GB of system memory as a real need , 2GB preferred . You can even run with up to 3GB in XP SP2 when the / 3GB switch is set in the boot.ini , and PS will use it.Photoshop used to run pretty well with one HD , but it was preferred to have two physical drives to separate the windows paging file and Photoshop scratch disk , where data files could share some space with scratch disk on the second hard drive . Now for better performance , you need three separate hard drives
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Save money.Free and legal with serial numbers straight from Adobe . It is a great older program and you ca n't beat the price . A first for a great product .
 I 've been a QuarkXpress user since 1990 and I thought i would never find an equal . Well I have ... it 's called InDesign . With a Visual Quick Start book in my lap , I learned InDesign in a weekend and over the next 2 months , I designed a 54 page magazine using the program . And one of the best things about InDesign is how easy it is to produce PDF files , which is a real pain using Quark.Another plus is Adobe , a first-rate company . They let you try out any of their programs for a month . I did this with InDesign to see if my G4 running 10.28 could run the program and it did , with no problems . The new quark requires Tiger OS.I 'm glad I made the switch , I 'm never going back !
 This is the update that the original CS series SHOULD have been . Lots of cool new features that should save you time ... Sidenote - I had the absolute worst experience in ordering my software through Amazon . I pre-ordered my copy and it was promptly delivered to me 7 weeks after the release date . Purchase this software from another vendor , Amazon 's service has been awful as of late .
 This fascinating title explores nearly every facet of classical music , featuring over 11,000 entries , 200 photographs , 500 music clips , and information on 3,000 operas and 4,000 personalities . The titles include `` Live With Chopin '' , `` The Hutchinson Encyclopedia of Music '' , `` Vivaldi , The Four Seasons '' , `` Classical Orchestra Notes '' , and `` Mozart , Prince of Harmony '' . Multimedia presentation includes performances as well as analysis and background material .
 This is the best encyclopedia for working on the computer . It is easy to use and a quick referance . I highly recomend it for middle school up .
 I had absolutely no problem installing or running the program . I especially like the classical musical score that runs in the background . It is extremely easy to use and has lots of beautiful photos of art works and tons of info about each piece . I am planning a trip to Europe this spring and find this program a great way to prepare for what I plan on viewing in person . Highly recommended !
 I did n't have any difficulties with this box set , and in fact , this is my favorite software program , yet ! The quality was excellent for all 5 CDs , and at such a great , low , convenient price ! My whole family and I enjoyed it , and we learned so much ! It was a lot of fun !
 This is amazing for the money . For those of us who long , and I mean long , for a trip abroad , this is well worth many times the cost . I run a 633MHZ , Intel Celeron and it runs like a dream . Very authentic in atmosphere and effect . The scope is wonderful - a taste of the architecture , the art , and the history.You must understand that I am of the older generation - we were stuck with expensive books or saving for these trips . Maybe that is why this tour seems so valuable to me.What can I say ? Hey , I 'm happy ...
 This is a fine bunch of CDs . There 's not a whole lot of art from the last century -- they might have included a bit more modern stuff -- but overall it offers a fine , sizable collection of art . Beyond that , I would recommend this because it is the perfect match of form and format ; the art looks better on a computer screen than in does in a text , and you can click in for close-ups and details that enlarge with astounding clarity . If these guys come out with CD 's focusing on modern art -- or architecture -- I will be in line to scoop them up .
 Do not use for Windows XP , Home or Pro . It works _ GREAT _ in my experience for W98SE ; excellent alternative to Norton Ghost for partition image management / archival & partition management . I do n't know if it can handle MS-setup dual-boot arrangements -LRB- i.e. XP / W98SE boot choice -RRB- , but I do know it got stuck looking for an NT operating system in the closing steps of moving my XP Pro 's NTFS partition in the disk so I could expand it enough to defrag it -LRB- and then back up its image via DriveWorks -RRB- . De-selecting some options I had n't been aware of may have helped , I do n't know . I had to reboot , and my XP Pro / W98SE -LRB- for backup duty -RRB- dual-boot machine became an unbootable steel-cased doorstop . I did n't lose any files though , and after reinstalling XP Pro & all my software , I am now able to write this while finding a replacement for this software . It 's been _ EXCELLENT _ for W98SE use for me for a couple years now , but it could _ Not _ handle moving an XP-loaded NTFS partition at least with the default option selections .
 this program is the best not only because it is a little bit of money . I have benn making a lot of home movies and I think this program makes the movies look so much nicer !
 First let me correct a comment made about Adobe PhotoDeluxe Business Edition 1.0
 With a minimum use of the help menu , I have been importing photos from my scanner and my digital camera . Have used scaling , sizing , and various saving/exporting features . Have had NO problem saving as JPEG , am unsure what one reviewer was talking about ! I really liked reducing the photos and saving them as JPEG 's to use on my web page , and to send friends and family . The Adobe family works seamlessly with all my other software and devices .
 I just joined the computer world last month and my GuerrillaMarketing with Adobe PhotoDeluxe Business Edition book I purchased included the tryout version of Adove GoLive 4.0 . Got all pictures scanned and even played with their backgrounds for my web page ... Now I 'm hooked . Come to amazon to purchase and saw where this great product had not been rated yet . The only reason that I did n't give it a 5 star rating is because I 'm so new , I do n't know what is out that could be even better . I just know that it worked for me !
 This is a really great product . It is easy to use and I have had little trouble with it malfunctioning . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a simple program that offers a wide variety of creative tools .
 I had lost my copy of Photo Deluxe Business Edition when my computer needed to reformatted . Have used the program for editing pictures of my website for over 10 years . Have tried other programs , but LOVE Photo Deluxe Business Edition . I no longer had my original CD , so I searched and searched the internet for another copy . I finally found one on Amazon , which was in original , unopened box , and purchased it . I am now a Happy Camper !!!
 Too bad they discontinued this program . I have used it for years and bought the program again when having lost the disc and a foul up when up grading to a new computer.Even though I use Adobe Elements 10 I still rely on my Adobe PhotoDeluxe Business Edition for great many projects .
 I have been using this simple to use photo/graphics program ever since it was released.I have tried using Corel with little success , and it is now in storage , in its pretty box.It is now 2011 and I am still using this simple program -LRB- Maybe that is why they are still asking $ 70.00 for it -RRB- . I just recently ordered bumper stickers from an online outfit and recognized the program they were using ; yup PhotoDeluxe.If you can get your hands on one of these , you just may like it as much as I still do .
 If you have ' t the time or the money when trying your expermintations on 3D applications , then this product is for you . I 've used Strata for a couple years now , and it has taught me some very simple but effective 3D modelling and animation knowledge . Comming from a Computer Science background I was always fascinated in Computer graphics , and Strata was my first product . With it you get a very indepth set of manuals which take you step by step in modelling examples as well as animation examples . Not just take but version 2.5.3 is a real stunner . It comes with -LRB- plugins + reference manual -RRB- that really make a difference when created CG.It has some limitations , and it requires quite a lot of memory on Macintosh systems -LRB- only used on Macintosh 9600/350 -RRB- , but for an entry 3D application , it is very easy to learn , and you will be creating CG in no time.Conclusion
 The Mapsource topo map cd is a great addon for the Garmin GPS units . The original maps that were preloaded on the GPS handheld unit were very minimal and now I have all the detail I need with the handheld unit . I am a paper map kind of a person so I am very happy with the level of detail that comes with this program . Now my GPS has enough detailed information to tell me exactly where I am so I can find myself on a paper map . Excellent simple program .
 I use the topo maps with a Garmin GPSMap 60CSx . It shows trails , streams , lakes , and other details not available in the city maps , along with elevation contours that give you a pretty good idea whether you 'll be climbing up or down along the trail . So far I 've been hiking in two national parks and several local forests , and detail has been adequate . All lakes and significant streams were on the map . The hiking trails in the national parks have been marked and matched the paper USGS topo maps we carried.Some people complain that the maps are old , that they do n't show recent roads , etc. . If you want roads , use Garmin City Navigator , which is much more up to date and provides information for routing if your GPS supports it . The topo maps show mountains and streams that do n't change very often -LRB- I suppose if you 're hiking near Mount St. Helens you might want something more recent ! -RRB- They can only be updated as frequently as the USGS does their surveys . I agree it would be nice if it showed all roads up to date , but it 's hardly an issue for hikers.The elevation markings are in weird increments such as 5039 feet rather than a round 5000 feet . This makes it a bit clumsy to estimate the height of a point on the map . Another reviewer said this is due to a metric conversion . I find it annoying , especially since the paper maps I use show round numbers in feet , and this is after all a US topo map , not a European map .
 I have a Garmin 60CSx with City Navigator 7 - North America and I just purchased the MapSource United States Topo . I did some research on-line to check out all the products and I found that this was sufficient . It seamlessly integrates with any other MapSource maps . If I were primarily hiking I would have chosen a different product . The level of detail is lacking and the maps are a bit outdated . Garmin should change their format to follow a state based system offering 1:24 K detailed maps.Again for what I am doing the software performs flawlessly . I am using the software to show profiles of various bicycle routes in the Central PA area . The routes are from an old Harrisburg Bicycle Club book from the ` 70s . First I map out the key waypoints in the City Navigator Maps and then I select all of them and convert them to a route . I switch to the MapSource Topo map and select profile and I get a pretty good estimate of the road terrain , which helps me to gauge the high points during the trips . The only minor drawbacks with the software and I believe the problem lies in the main MapSource program , not the particular maps themselves is that when a profile is created you can not save it as an image . You have to use the ALT+P rintScreen button to save the results into a paint program . Also the waypoints appear on the profile as markers , but they are not tagged to match the actual waypoint names . When I am in the paint program I usually type them in vertically.Again these are two minor issues that stem from the main MapSource software , not the Topo map , which I hope Garmin addresses in the future . The two maps I have work great together and are very easy to use . All in all if you are a cyclist , who needs general detail , give it a try . If you are a hiker , steer clear of the software .
 I use this software in a GPS Map 76CS when riding an ATV . It shows many existing ATV and snowmobile trails , sometimes with the trail name . It also shows most logging roads , with names where applicable . Streams , lakes , and ponds are also listed . It 's very accurate , and makes it easy to see where you are in relation to known landmarks . It 's just what I was looking for !
 In a prior review , I stated that the Mapsource topographical software looked good on the computer screen , but that I had not yet tested it in the field . Now I have . I gave it its first tryout on a long , difficult mountain bike ride in a remote part of Henry Willard Coe State Park near Gilroy , Calif. . It worked as well on the GPS as it did on my PC , and again I have no hesitation in recommending it.Perfect accuracy is no more possible with this product than it is with United States Geological Survey topographical maps or other navigation aids , so those with unrealistic expectations of perfection will be disappointed.I agree with a prior review that it would be helpful to include a feature displaying the elevation profile of a given route .
 Good as long as you do n't require detailed maps and topography . Certainly better than the base map pre-installed on most Garmin units but simply lacking in detail .
 After reading many disappointing reviews for Garmin 's Mapsource Topo , I was very skeptical to purchase this product . I previously owned Garmin 's `` Points of Interests '' -LRB- by Mapsource -RRB- for their E-Trex Venture . The GPS was great , but the software was very limited . It lacked detail of any kind . After time , I upgraded to Garmin 's E-Trex Vista . This is probably the best hand held receiver on the market today ! Now I needed the mapping software to go with it . Again , I researched the Mapsource Topo , and anything else I could find . Only after reading -LRB- one -RRB- person 's review , -LRB- praising it -RRB- , did I see any hope for Mapsource . I talked with a Garmin rep and he pointed me to a demo of `` TOPO '' and I thought it looked OK . Now , after buying it , and using it , I am totally satisfied ! I would like to raise a couple of points that should clear things up . First , when you begin to view the maps on your PC , set the DETAIL settings -LRB- found under Edit -RRB- to LOW , as this will allow you to find the specific area you are looking for , without the computer trying to constantly redraw all that detail . Then , when you are in the general area , and zoom size , go back and crank up the detail to HIGH !!! Viola , tons of detail and info . The second point , is to also do this with your GPS receiver under Map settings . I have found that you probably will see TOO MUCH detail at times ! And the real kicker for me was , after looking at the map detail on the PC , your GPS will show much better graphics than what 's on the computer . Map legends and symbols that are not shown or shown as dots and slashes , come alive on the GPS . I do n't know why this is , but it 's true . If only I had known this last year , I would have bought it right away . And Amazon has a great deal on the price too . I also use Maptech 's Terrain Navigator for viewing and printing Topo maps of New York 's Adirondack mountains . It 's excellent , but is unable to download maps to the GPS . In closing , I just wonder how so many people could have overlooked this remedy ? GREAT PRODUCT !!!
 After reading all the negative reviews , I was very reluctant to take the plunge with this product . However , as the date of my Vermont hiking trip approached , I decided to go for it.I was very plesantly surprised . Here 's what I found :1 . This product provides good BASIC topo maps for garmin GPS -LRB- I personally use an etrex legend -RRB- . If you are looking for 1:24,000 level of precision with every obscure trail , fire road , etc. you WO N'T find it here . However , I found the maps to be more than adequate for orienting myself and cross-referencing with USGS paper maps if necessary . -LRB- As others have repeated ad nauseam , you should ALWAYS carry paper maps in addition to electronic gizmos like this -RRB- . Also , as other reviewers have pointed out , you can get good USGS-derived paper maps from Maptech .2 . My experience was that the accuracy was good , once I enabled the WAAS on my unit . I did n't encounter any of the missing lakes , etc. which others have spoken about -LRB- I also used it recently in the boundary waters area of MN -RRB- . That having been said , I do n't think it 's necessarily the best for roads -- also as other reviewers have pointed out . It is best suited for topographic features . There are other products which are more suited for roads and highways .3 . I did n't have any problems with installation -- went very smoothly . The software is somewhat rudimentary , but that also makes it very simple to use . I was up and running in no time . Downloads were also very easy and straightforward .4 . Ca n't beat the price !! You get all 50 states -- not like other products that are state by state . You buy it once and then you are done.So overall , know what you are getting into and you will not be disappointed . DONT expect any bells and whistles like fancy 3d flybys , etc. . DO expect a cheap , basic , reliable -- and in my experience -- accurate map which will get you MORE than adequately oriented with your surroundings .
 Update ** I have now purchased and begun to use this software . The directions below do indeed work . I copied all 3 CDs to my hard drive and ran the setup from there . I am able to access all maps without using the CDs . ** I have yet to purchase this software -LRB- I 'm waiting on my GPS to arrive -RRB- but was interested enough in it to contact Garmin about its supposed inability to load onto your PC 's hard drive -LRB- many reviewers commented that you had to use the original CDs each time you wanted to access a map -RRB- . Here is Garmin 's reply . It basically says that you can even though it 's not detailed in the manual . For those who have already installed the software , note their comment that you can uninstall and then follow the instructions on loading directly to your hard drive . `` Thank you for contacting Garmin Cartography . There 's a `` back door '' way of installing it to your computer without having to use the CD 's every time . Unfortunately , this is not included in the manual . Please feel free to pass this info . along to anyone you know who is encountering the same problem.What you need to do is put the CD into the drive . Empty/Copy the entire contents of your CD drive to somewhere on your hard drive . Then run the install ... Straight from your hard-drive . This will allow you to run the program as normal ... without ... having to put the CD in every time . For those that already have it installed , they must fully uninstall the program and start these directions from scratch . `` Hope this helps .
 If you understand this product 's limits before you buy it , you 'll be happy . It shows topographical contours , rivers and most streams for the entire United States . In addition to that , it shows roads that were in existance 10-20 years ago . These major roads are also named.The limit is that newer roads do n't show up . It also does n't support auto-routing , even if your GPS does . Garmin sells other products that are tailored for road navigation but you have to do some independant research or logical deduction to figure out that this package is n't suited for it.The product support could be better . Neither the manual nor web site tell you how to load all 3 CDs on your computer so you do n't have to swap CDs when transitioning between zones . The company 's web site does n't give a good explanation of what the software can and ca n't do.You 'll be disappointed if your expectations are n't grounded in reality . Garmin could help alleviate this problem by making this information readily available .
 It 's taking me a while to get a hang of this product , but I 'm able to download and upload tracks for my eTrex Legend , and that was my main goal . Trip planning also looks useful . It does n't have many National Forest trails in it and the trails it does have are generally poorly labled . It 's still a good way to make my GPS more useful and , possibly , avoid picking up too many free trail maps to clutter my gear closet . One gripe I have , but may be me learning , is that you do n't seem to be able to open a saved map file and then add a new track to it . That makes it hard to create a long-term record of one 's hikes .
 I bought this software to help navigate the logging roads and mountain biking trails in North Kitsap county -LRB- Washington State -RRB- . What trails are shown are largely accurate , but not perfect . Some logging roads show a dead-end where it actually continues . Still , though , it 's WAY better than nothing and impressive topo data .
 Product arrive ahead of schedule and was exactly as advertised . I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for one !
 This mapping software for my GPS Garmin 76csx was a great help in finding trails and roads . It was close for elevation in the area . Thanks !!
 The software is great , but I had to learn from the Garmin technical support how to install the software on my hard drive without having to keep the CD 's handy . It 's simple , just copy the CD -LRB- s -RRB- to your hard drive , then install from there . -LRB- If you 've already installed the software you 'll have to uninstall it first . -RRB-
 This software used in combination with my g.p.s. is fantastic ! I am more confident in the woods , even in the dark . The best part is , while on the road I 'll never have to stop and ask for directions again ! You 'll never have to admit to your wife your lost again ...
 In late July of 2001 I attempted to do the classic mountain bike ride known as the Reno Divide-Bear Creek-Flag Creek route , located near Crested Butte , Colo. . The route ascends to about 11,300 feet above sea level , and it 's isolated and challenging . Unfortunately , although equipped with a map , I became lost in a valley while descending from a ridge . At 10,880 feet I was at an unmarked intersection in a bowl and could not see or discern the way out . Nor could I turn around , because an ominous-looking electrical storm was approaching from the west and to return to the high ridge with a metal mountain bike was too dangerous . It took several false starts , but I did eventually find my way out with an altimeter and the map . I got back down to my car at about the 9,500-foot level just as the storm rolled in . It turned cold and rained all that night and into the next day , possibly snowing where I had been lost.That scary situation has persuaded me to buy and use a GPS when I go back to Crested Butte this summer -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . I bought a Garmin GPSMap 76S , which I have used too little so far to review . I also bought the Garmin Mapsource USA Topo CD-ROM . And I 'm making the Reno Divide-Bear Creek-Flag Creek route on which I became lost the acid test of the mapping software 's usefulness.As alluded to , I have n't yet been able to use the software or the GPS on the route itself -- it 's probably still snowed in , and I 'm in California . Based on what I 've seen on the computer screen , however , the software is excellent . As pointed out in another review , you need to set the map settings to maximum detail . Doing that in the area of Reno Divide-Bear Creek-Flag Creek , the CD-ROM map still does not show every trail and landmark -- I 'm going to have to do some interpolation -- but I believe I have enough detail to be able to plot accurate waypoints and download them to my Garmin GPSMap 76S . If I 'm wrong , I 'll find out later , but so far it looks promising.I 've detected a few flaws . In the area of California in which I live , the unincorporated hamlet of Canyon appears a mile or two away from where it is actually located . In the Reno Divide-Bear Creek-Flag Creek area near Crested Butte , the software informs you that you 're in a national park when you 're not . Still , this product is first-rate from my experience with it so far . And to be able to obtain topographical information for the entire United States at this price is a bargain .
 I found Mapsource to be a top rated program with a short learning curve . I Like It !
 This is great product . It has great detail and is extremely easy to use . I found it a perfect match for my uses from work to hunting .
 These maps contain a good amount of detail within the confines of existing technology . The maps include dirt roads , hiking trails , streams , waypoint , and of course elevation changes . These maps cover the entire US and are used in conjunction with Garmin GPS units . I would recomend this software to anyone with a Garmin GPS who wants to camp or hike with their GPS as a navigation tool . However , be aware they will not be accurate enough in many situations and you probably want to have a secondary navigation tool available to you.My experience with the unit has primarily been driving through forest areas , and short hiking and camping outings .
 While some of the maps are somewhat outdated , the program provides decent to even very good coverge to make the GPS 60 much more functional . Without this software , you 're missing out on much of the capabilities of the Garmin 60 series . To me it 's a must have .
 If you are looking for a product that provides reasonable topography for camping , hiking , or just plain trail blazing , this is it ! It is not intended to be used as a street map/guide although , it has most major roads . Amazon 's price was great and I really enjoy the product . My one nit is the installation instructions should indicate to install all cd 's on your hard drive then actually perform the installation . By doing this eliminates the need to insert a CD everytime you want to pull up a chart .
 Basically , what you would expect in a 1:24 K topo set . The thing to be aware of is that these are topo maps , not trail maps , although they do seem to have a lot of the major trails on them . I 'm using them to plan a trip to four national parks this fall.One notable feature of this set is that it can be installed 100 % onto the computer hard drive without jumping through any hoops . So , once you have installed the maps , you can put the CDs away for safekeeping .
 This works adequately on my new GPS V. . . The only problem is the TOPO maps do n't allow auto-routing by the V , to calculate routes around trails , etc. . So it 's back to standard GPS map navigation.But one use I 've found is this ... some points of interest are not in the GPS V base map , nor are they in the V 's City Select software . So I simultaneously load the TOPO software , and presto , I can pick out the TOPO 's points of interest ... set a waypoint up ... then route to it via the City Select map.It works fine , that is unless you 're finding a place which doens ' t have a road , but for driving to trail heads , and other TOPO type features , it 's helped me.But it loses a star since I ca n't route directly on the TOPO maps on my V.
 The maps are a great addition to my Etrex Vista . Downloading was a piece of cake . I was able to get the entire state of Mississippi and parts of the surrounding states on the Vista -LRB- 24MB -RRB- . Every road and back road that is several years old are on here -LRB- typical of any TOPO map -RRB- - you can go to Garmin 's website to see what is shown in your area . Going from having only the major roads to having all land marks -LRB- streams , small lakes , elevation lines -RRB- really adds to the GPS . The amount of detail can be adjusted to your preference . I 've also been impressed with how accurate your position relative to the landmarks are . I rated it only 4 stars because I noticed the price got jacked up from 76 to 90 bucks ... I bought this only 2 weeks ago ...
 This product is what it is . It is n't a fully detailed set of maps with every contour line and building on it . It is a basic set of TOPO maps that shows most local roads . What do you want for under $ 100 for a set of maps that covers the entire USA ? It does n't have every street name , the water maps are a little sparce , and some of the feature names are dated . I bought , I like it , I use it for what it is good for.Bottom line is that this is a tool like any other . You would n't build a car engine with nothing but a $ 5 pair of pliers but you could . You can mow your entire lawn with a $ 29 string trimer but you would n't . This is a basic $ 100 set of maps of the entire united states , for the price you ca n't beat the detail.If I had it to do over again I would still buy TOPO USA because it works for me .
 Probably Mapsource deserves a higher rating but I have only used it Deer Hunting in Eastern Oregon so far . It was easy to load and added a lot of detail even in a very rural area with only forest service roads . The contours helped me to keep from falling into a ravine and being forced into a direction that I did not want to go . I ca n't wait to load more of the map and some different areas . I like the fact that you only have to load what you will be using . It did not take as much memory as I expected it would . I would n't use a GPS without it again .
 The software works pretty well with my Etrex Vista . Not all trails are marked on the map , even some quite popular ones . Some logging roads are also missing . However the topographic information makes it easy to orient yourself . The city maps are quite detailed although not many of the roads are named . The biggest drawback that i have noticed so far is that you can not download the fully detailed maps to your PC hard drive . The very generic instruction manual suggests that this is possible but I contacted Garmin and was told that this feature is not enabled for this product . This means that you have to carry the disks with you and load them every time you want to view them which is incovenient especialy if you travel with a laptop -LRB- and if you lose/damage the disks you are SOL -RRB- . The maps use quite a bit of memory and take a while -LRB- 20 minutes or more for a large mapset -RRB- to download to the gps unit -LRB- old serial cable technology -RRB- . I can not load more than about 30 % of the state of Oregon onto my 24MB vista so I have to be selective . One nice bonus of a topo map/vista combination is that you can use the map to calibrate your altimeter/barometer .
 A great map to have when you are out hiking off the trail , I can find the easiest route around hills and swamps I wish to avoid long before they become a problem .
 You sent the correct item but we did n't order the one we really wanted . I returned the Garmin eTrex Vista and you sent refund information . Thank you.Now , my daughter 's boyfriend has ordered the correct one for me.The Garmin Map Source CD ROM is fine and we are keeping it .
 I bought this software mainly for use onscreen on my new 60CSX GPS , and so far it 's been great for that . I 've also sampled some of the trip planning features on my laptop , and that 's worked out well , too . My only compliant is that the back roads are n't labeled on my GPS screen , so it makes it hard when I 'm driving and want to know quickly what road I 'm looking at , but the routes are pretty accurate , so I can usually identify by that . Also , some of the data is out of date for those remote roads . I 've found a couple so far that are listed as roads , but have been converted to hiking trails , or reverted to elk trails , many years ago . Coupled with a more detailed -LRB- and sometimes more recent , though not always -RRB- Forest Service map , it 's just fine . Well worth it for adding detail to your onscreen GPS maps .
 Lots of interesting data such as peaks and other landmarks . The data is not very detailed sometimes , however . I 'm guessing that the data came from the 15 ' topo maps . On a trip I made to Yosemite , the data had the same error contained on the 15 ' topo maps and the Yosemite park maps itself -LRB- apparently , the 7.5 ' map has the right data -RRB- . -LRB- The data had to do with the layout of some drainages . -RRB-
 If you want more detail , then get the larger scale maps . These serve the purpose of their scale -LRB- 1:100,000 -RRB- . If you need more detail then you will need MapSource US TOPO 24K , National Parks . It has a scale of 1:24,000 . That Should be all the detail you need . I only give 4 stars because it does n't have some of the main trails of the northeast .
 I love this product . First copy this disk to your hard disk , and then install from there . Then you do n't have to used the CD each time you load the MapSource application . Also be sure to download the latest version of MapSource from Garmin after you install the CD version .
 I was n't sure what I was getting when I purchased this TOPO Package , but am very pleased . It is a great addition to the tools that GeoCachers use with plenty of detail . I was also surprised that many of the better known trails -LRB- especially in state and national parks -RRB- are marked on the maps . However , it 's easy to get spoiled by that and I find myself wishing more of the trails were marked.I still feel that this software will exceed most people 's expectations . My state of Virginia takes up about 36MB of storage on my GPS , so to store a whole lot you 'll need a GPS with a lot of room . I loaded mine with just the areas I frequent the most , and any planned GeoCaching areas as the need arises.Also , if you know you 're traveling to an area , you can print the topo map and put it in a zip lock bag for a map to go .
 Pros
 It was n't easy , but I finally got my US Topo software installed so I do n't have to mess with the CD 's . Garmin needs to get on the ball and make this the standard install . Basically , you need to create a folder on your hard drive and then copy all the files from disk one into this folder . Using the `` Copy '' command from the drop down menu wo n't work , so you have to work around this issue . On the second and third CD , you will create subdirectories in the folder you created called `` East '' , `` Alaska '' , and `` Hawaii '' . Once done -LRB- it will take a while -RRB- , do the setup command from the folder you created on your hard drive.I had called Customer Support for a little assistance with this issue and after waiting on the phone for 20 minutes , I discovered that the Customer support at Garmin SUCKS ! I love the GPS , I love the software , but the customer support is a total waste of time.Amazon.com , was quick with delivery , offered my GPS & software at a fair price , and they were a pleasure to deal with as usual . I will continue to purchase from Amazon.com !
 I break up my review into several phases : a -RRB- Decision to buy . I find that the Garmin map software has compatibility issues in that only some maps will work well with some GPS units . Check the Garmin web site to ensure that this software will work on your GSP unit . Also check out the screen shots . In my area -LRB- San Jose -RRB- several major freeways are missing from Topo , indicating that the maps are 10-15 years out of date . When I contacted Garmin , their response is if you want roads then buy the MetroGuide or CitySelect -LRB- as appropriate to your GPS unit -RRB- and MetroGuide has the freeways . I guess that contours do n't change much in 10-15 years so that 's OK . But get street maps if you want streets.Also , Topo does not support routing on the streets . MetroGuide does -LRB- on the PC only -RRB- . CitySelect supports autorouting on some GPS units . If you are thinking of upgrading your GPS unit in the near future check that the map will work with the upgrade candidates.b -RRB- Installation . I installed this over the MapSource MetroGuide North America . The manual is exactly the same as the MetroGuide , and as the CitySelect . Since there seems to be three generations of change of functionality between the different maps , the manual is not terribly helpful . And the default Topo installation - direct from CD - wants to have the CD in the drive whenever you use it . MetroGuide does not have this problem . The solution -LRB- as mentioned in other reviews -RRB- is to copy everything to the hard drive and install it from there . Once that is done the installation is painless -LRB- following the on screen instructions -RRB- . Although in my case MapSource was not re-installed , all that happened was that the new maps were made available to the existing software , so it was easier for me that it will be for beginners.As a side note , I upgraded MapSource from the Garmin web site , and now it writes data files in a format incompatible with the un-upgraded software on the MetroGuide CD . So rebuilding from CD on my PC to recover from a failure will not allow me to read my existing files.c -RRB- Use on the PC . I found the software pretty straight forward to use , although I did not use the manual literally since many of the features described I do not have . The On-line help works and guessing seems to work also.On thing that annoyed me is that the countor lines are at even meter intervals -LRB- e.g. , 500 meters -RRB- . If you change your preferences to feet the same countour lines are re-labeled in feet -LRB- e.g. , 1604 feet -RRB- Since the contour intervals are now some perverse number of feet , and the labeled contour lines are of preverse numbers of feet , interpolating the contours to get the elevation in feet requires a pencil and paper or a calculator . Or you can change the setup to label in meters -LRB- and do it in you head -RRB- and then convert to feet on a calculator . It probably was impractical to have both feet and meter contours . Or maybe not , the files are not that large -LRB- about 1/10 the size of the MetroGuide files -RRB- . Another annoyance -LRB- as mentioned elsewhere -RRB- is that the maps were pretty much joined by a cut and paste operation . Sreets , and contour lines jump at the boundaries.d -RRB- Use on the GPS unit . My unit is a eTrek Vista -LRB- the B/W version -RRB- So I find that it is sometimes hard to tell my route from the roads -LRB- when following roads -RRB- . Due to the screen size and the B/W nature of the unit , I believe that the level of detail is about right for hiking . If you blow up the screen enough to need more detail the area covered is too small to be useful . If you want more detail over large areas , you will need paper maps . You can also control the amount of detail displayed . I do notice some disagreements between the GPS altitudes measured by my Vista -LRB- it has an pressure altimeter that can be calibrated by the GPS measurements -RRB- and the map altitudes , but I have seen similar problems in paper maps as well.e -RRB- Use with MetroGuide/CitySelect . On the PC the change from one set of maps to another is just a pull down menu selection and the view changes -LRB- from Topo to Metroguide to CitySelect -RRB- . The region displayed , routes , and waypoints are kept . It is fun to go back and forth and see what changes , but most of the changes are what I have seen on similar paper maps , allowing for the age differences . Note that you can not display both at the same time -LRB- e.g. display the Topo contours over the MetroGuide streets -RRB- . The display on the GPS unit is similar to the PC -LRB- but not in color on the Vista , a handicap -RRB- . However , changing which map to display requires checking or unchecking each map in the entire data set , you can not simply select Topo or MetroGuide -LRB- this is particulr to the Vista -RRB- . So it is more time consuming than on the PC to change from driving to hiking navigation . I guess that this is a trade of versitility and ease of use . Incidentally , the only driving use that makes sense to me is when there is a human present at act as a navigator . The display is just too hard to read while driving .
 I was going to provide a very negative rating for this product but I decided to give it a somewhat undeserved 4 . Why ? 1 -RRB- Installation is CONFUSING ! The manual says that you can install all the maps to your hard-disk so you do n't need to keep inserting one of the three CDs that come with this product . -LRB- # 1 USA - West , # 2 USA - East , # 3 - AK & HI -RRB- You ca n't . PERIOD . Thus you have to keep the CD in the drive to be able to use it . Grrr . That is barbarous . Garmin , this is the 21th century - hard-drives now will hold more than 20MB of data ! 2 -RRB- There is talk about UNLOCK CODES and an UNLOCK CERTIFICATE . Where is it ? Grrr . After an hour or so of trying to figure out what I did with the certificate -LRB- I could n't find it . Why ? There was n't one included with the product . -RRB- , I finally discovered that it was n't required ; everything was unlocked .3 -RRB- If you expect this product to be useful for urban navigation , with street names , etc. you are going to be very , very unpleasantly surprised . It is primarily topographic rather than odographic . -LRB- Try to find that word in the dictionary ! -RRB- 4 -RRB- If you expect this product to have detail equivalent to a USGS topographic map , again , a very unpleasant surprise . It is not there . Contour intervals are 50M and resolution is not particularly good .5 -RRB- There seem to be quite a few errors on the maps . Lakes where there are n't any in Nevada ? -LRB- Maybe DRY lakes ? -RRB- . Roads with missing segments ? Sites misplaced ? -LRB- I saw one in the ocean off the coast of Alaska . Maybe an underwater city ? I 'm being sarcastic ! -RRB- All in all , however , it is useful despite it 's limitations and it is fun to play with . Based on the current state of technology -LRB- ie the memory limitations of , say , a Garmin GPS 76S , which I have -RRB- it is acceptable . -LRB- Ten years from now technology will allow 1M resolution but not now -RRB- Garmin is continuously updating the software , fixing bugs , etc.All in all , based on the price , this is an acceptable product and it is worth the price . Therefore , if you acknowledge it 's limitations , buy it.Also , GO BUG GARMIN ABOUT ALLOWING A FULL INSTALLATION SO YOU DO N'T NEED THE CDs !!!!! -LRB- The manual says that you can but the installation procedure is incorrect - typical is just the program without the map data and there is no complete installation . -RRB-
 I received the Garmin eTrex Legend for use in hiking around some of the national parks here -LRB- notably Shenandoah -RRB- . I purchased the Topo Mapsource so I would be relieved of having to manually translate waypoints and routes from my paper maps to the Legend.I found the software easy to use , and surprisingly detailed . I had n't expected it to have more than a few of the trails in Shenandoah , but from what I can tell it has 99 % of them . This relieved me of having to keep a paper map in my thigh pocket , as I just had the Legend attached to my pack for occasional reference to the route I was taking.While I have only looked at a small portion of the maps in this product , I did note several landmarks were in the wrong place ... most notably Bear Church Rock in the central district of Shenandoah . It is at least 0.10 mile further to the NE than it is on the map ... not a big deal unless you are trying to find it for the first time . My accuracy was right on as well , as I was standing on top of a mountain with a total of 9 satellite locks , three of them WAAS enabled , and I was good to about 15 feet . I tend to think the problem might have been mainly with the map.I also found that contour lines were a little off , usually about 100 feet or so . Not a big deal until you 're at the end of a weekend and have been hiking uphill all day!On the software I would love a feature that would let me do an elevation profile of a given route . As I misread some contour lines it led to a rather nasty surprise when I hit a particular leg and had to go up a rather steep incline.Finally , maps of park areas are uploaded with a gray shading that makes it somewhat difficult to easily spot trails and things on the display of the Legend . When I 'm in Nav mode I can easily see my route , but other trails tend to blend into the background.But these are fairly minor nits . I like being able to upload full topo maps to the Legend instead of simple POIs and routes . And having a good level of detail on those maps made changing my route once on the trail quite easy to do . I just wish there was more attention paid to the planning side of the software .
 The topographical software is good but not great . I think you 've probably already figured that out from the other reviews.There does however seem to be some confusion about getting updates . The way it works is when you buy a MapSource CD it comes with an unlock code . You then log into Garmin to see if there are any updates more current than your CD . If so , you can update your software for free using the unlock code . If you want to do another update sometime later in the future , you have to purchase a new unlock code from Garmin.Please indicate if reviews are helpful .
 I purchased the US Topo 24K National Parks Series last year because I needed topos of Death Valley . This year , I needed topos of Nevada , so I bought USA Topo . I was expecting the detail to be less than adequate , but was pleasantly surprised . Every trail and Jeep road we traveled was shown , as well as all the abandoned mines and quarries we visited . If you do n't need the terrain detail of the 24K series , give USA Topo a try first.The one thing I am disappointed with is the program 's insistence of having the CD in the drive to work . This is quite annoying . MapSource City Select and USA Topo 24K both allow you to install all the map files to your heard drive . USA Topo should too .
 I had collected nearly 500 waypoints with my old Garmin GPS II Plus , which of course has no mapping capability . Enter MapSource along with my new GPSmap76CS for Xmas . What great fun it was to review , edit and classify those old waypoints in MapSource , recalling the history and local lore of each one as my memory was refreshed by seeing each properly mapped . Of course I could export any or all of the old waypoints into the GPSmap76CS , and that 's useful.Then , constructing routes and seeing the corresponding elevation profiles for trip planning was really special . And to top it all off , view your waypoints and routes in Google Earth for a really mind blowing experience.I do wish there was an easier way to print elevation profiles along with the various named waypoints , but I could n't find that.In sum , this is a fun product , and very useful too .
 Many people have complained about the inaccuracies and lack of detail that Garmin 's Topo software provides , However , I am completely satisfied with this product.It has more than adequate detail for my hiking and mountain biking needs , and provides a ton of additional roadways over the basemap . Those of you who just intend on getting by with your basemap do n't know what you 're missing!If you intend on doing a lot of out of state travel you would be wise to also invest in Garmin 's City Navigator software which places more emphasis on maps of major metro areas.The software is a joy to use , requiring little effort to copy maps onto a compatible GPS . Also , Mapsource Topo does not require an unlock like other Garmin products , just install and go !
 I went to the Ponderosa and Sawtooth Mountains with my new Mapsource . All of the major trails and many of the smaller ones I hiked were mapped . The screen was easy to read at both close-up and enlarged formats.I would recommend this product to anyone who enjoys the mountains and forests .
 I had said not to buy this item because it was an old version . That was not true.There are 2 versions on the product . The application is version 4.09 -LRB- the newest shipping version -RRB- . The maps are version 3.02 . They are rarely updated.Amazon is a great place to purchase this item .
 This software loaded easily on to my PC . I was able to use it on the PC and then download it to my Garmin 60CS without a problem . I have n't used all the features , but for the off road riding I have done since I bought the software , it has definately helped when navigating . Especially trying to find the fastest way back to base camp using roads -LRB- i.e. powerline or forest roads -RRB- . My only complaint is that this software does n't show all the roads and trails in the forrest I was riding in , however it was comprehensive none the same .
 If you hike in areas not covered by Mapsource 's National Parks 24K , then this is the only way to get topo maps into your Garmin GPS unit . The scale is 1:100,000 in USA TOPO whereas the National Parks version is 1:24,000 . So , you get less detail but complete coverage . One nit-pick , although it 's not Garmin 's fault ; the 1:100,000 scale USGS maps are in metric so , Garmin converted the meter contours to feet which means that even contours like 1000 meters is shown as 3280 feet . At least , you do n't have to deal with elevations in meters , though .
 The picture slide shows are very good . They 're small by default , but you can go to options and double their size to a more than adequate resolution.The menus are n't very easy to navigate -LRB- trial and error to figure it out -RRB- , but there are n't many options to hit-and-miss . The videos , however , are small and not of a very good quality . By small , I mean that on a 17 '' monitor , it looked about 3x4 '' or so.Keep in mind that this is five bucks plus shipping . It 's WELL WORTH the $ 5 + .
 great software but not enough girls
 I used the database on my Garmin 76S in Thailand , Vietnam & Laos and found that the data was quite accurate . It even has many of the old Lao ` Lima Site ' airfields !
 I used the Garmin Mapsource Worldmap in Cameroon , Africa . It was a blessing to have and compare with printed maps available . We always knew where we were , which made us feel good . The maps are off a little bit from where the GPS thought we were -LRB- less than 1/2 a mile at most -RRB- and some roads were different , but given the conditions in Cameroon everyone on the trip was extremely happy we had the Garmin 60Csx and the worldmap loaded and operating at all times .
 We do a lot of foreign travel and periodically use a Garmin 60C GPS for understanding where we 're going and where we 've been . For example , in 2009 we headed to Nepal and Tibet to do some treking and white-water rafting , in 2008 it was central Africa , in 2006 we explored the ice fields and Fjords of Patagonia . None of these areas had easy to acquire maps , so I bought Garmin 's WorldMap to at least provide rudimentary maps of the areas . This is about all the WorldMap does , as it is quite `` high level '' with only the major roads and towns available . However , it does provide downloadable maps for the GPS so that you have something to display in these non-US areas and something to use on your computer screen when planning the trip.Probably my favorite use of the maps is its built-in tie to Google Earth . Once you locate your places of interest using World Map on your computer , you can click on the `` View in Google Earth '' and instantly view your waypoints and routes in Google Earth with infinite detail . Vise versa , I often use Google Earth to locate detailed GPS coordinates and copy them into my WorldMap software for download to the GPS ; this provides a workaround for the low detail and poor accuracy of maps . When you get home you can also upload your world-wide tracks and waypoints that you acquired on your trip and view them in Google Earth to know exactly where you were and where to post pictures , if you do that . This interactivity with Google Earth saves the day for what otherwise is a pretty limited level of map detail.In the US , I do a lot of off-road exploring , mostly in the southwest deserts . Here I use Garmin 's Topo USA 2008Garmin Mapsource Topo US 2008 . It has infinite detail , on and off-road , and the same wonderful Google-Earth connectivity .
 The maps provived provide excellent detail , having checked it out with my trip taken in 2000 and 2004 . Furthermore , the proof of the pudding comes this sept when i go to China .
 This software really help me enjoy my E-trex a whole lot more . Being able to make waypoints from my PC was very handy . A nice accessory .
 you wont believe the graphics on this game they are phenonemal when I saw this game I bought it because I am a big soccer game fan anyone like me will truly love this game !
 you wont believe the graphics on this game they are phenonemal when I saw this game I bought it because I am a big soccer game fan anyone like me will truly love this game !
 As a physician , columnist and lecturer -LRB- on natural health and spiritual systems -RRB- , I am always searching for new presentations of ancient material . The Oracle of Changes CD is a refreshing take ... and wondered why no one had done this sooner ! I found the music soothing -LRB- perhaps a decent set of speakers is best for the full effect -RRB- . I enjoyed the rendering of the ` cave of the oracle ' I entered and the ` pool of reflection ' I `` sat '' in front of to begin the reading . Realistic hands throw the coins for you 6 times and the lines appear on the screen . The artwork that accompanied each hexagram is full of imagery and purpose -LRB- longtime students of the I Ching may recognize the deeper meanings -RRB- . The explanation of the hexagrams and line changes is given by a VERY soothing and clear female voice . Bonuses
 When I first encountered the Oracle of Changes in the free online version I was dubious that anyone could develop a useful computerized way to cast an I Ching reading . I was intrigued with how useful , practical , and on-target the readings were that I was receiving . Since there were certain advantages to purchasing the CD-ROM over using the free online version I decided to buy the CD-ROM . I love this product . It was very easy to install and works just like it was supposed to work . The one thing I love best is the new translation used for this I Ching oracle . It is one of the best and most insightful translations I have ever seen . The one advantage is that it 's not just a literal translation from Chinese into English , but a very poetic one that helps you to interpret this classic of Chinese wisdom . For myself , since I ca n't carry my computer around with me everywhere , I would love to see the developers of this software publish this translation in a book that I would carry around with me anywhere that I could toss a few coins . If this book would contain a literal translation of the I Ching along with the interpretive translation included on the CD-ROM I think it could become one of the best I Ching books out there . I would certainly purchase this book if they ever developed it .
 This is a fun interactive oracle that is also informative and can be helpful to some degree . . It has alot of great wisdom in it . However if you looking for serious answers to a specific issue in your life , I suggest you develop your own intuitive abilities and learn the tarot for more in depth results .
 Wishes :1 . I wish I could enter the results I got using the yarrow stalk method into the program , and have it prepare the report .2 . I wish the report could be `` saved as '' in a format that popular word processor programs could open and edit .3 . As The Tarot program of his allows you to use different decks , and select different elements in the prepared report , I wish different translations of the I Ching were available in the program , and could be selected in the report .4 . I view the I Ching as the `` Urim and Thummim '' and the `` Ephod '' used by Moses , Joshua , Kings David and Solomon , and the only way to make Jesus 's Biblical statements about prayer work every time .5 . I pray this way a lot ; I 've found using 12 '' bamboo skewers to be the best for me ; I wish I had a program such as this .6 . Where does he get the artists ?
 I 'm by no means a web guru however after trying three competitive web design packages Net Object fusion 5.0 wins hands down . If you want to build a site fast and dirty this is the software for you . In the other packages the navigation is slow and confusing . The features are available in both but the user friendly interface of net objects fusion allows you to dedicate your valuable time to developing your store not learning a cumbersome software package . Save your time and money Order net object fusion 5.0 and you will never regret it.Bob LIneberry Bobby_lineberry@hotmail.com
 I found that NetObjects is not only economical , but easy to understand and use . You can design web sites that are consistent as to style and links , yet dynamic and interesting . Easy to understand . If you have used any publishing program before , you will have your web site up and running within a day . And it will look GOOD !
 Blessings ALL ... I use this Tarot Software in my Spiritual Guidance because it is so accurate EVERYTIME ! I am so amazed at the accuracy of it . I love it . It helps my clients transform their lives into what they want it to be . For a reading , call me at 1-800-175-5336 and see what you think .
 I just got it today it 's very Graphic . Although it does n't read it to you . That would be Fantastic.I do Love it.You do NOT need the CD to use it if you doa FULL install . Nice work TAROT.com ; -RRB-
 My best friend bought this program for me for Mother 's Day . It has been in my wish list for awhile . I was nervous about spending $ $ $ on a tarot program that might turn out to be cheesy and well , useless , like so many out there.I have been studying and reading tarot for years and I am amazed with this program!I ca n't believe how accurate the readings are ; I mean , down to the minute , accurate !! Things that just came about today were mentioned ... it was incredible !! There is even a LIBRARY of books to read on the subject.There is a `` readings journal '' that stores your readings -LRB- if you chose -RRB- for later ; and you can print out your reading too.There are four different interpretation guides , plenty of beautiful decks and spreads to chose from , and the atmosphere is comforting.I will buy this for everyone I know!Well worth the $ $ $ ... and MORE!This is a great , great find !
 I have tried every tarot program I could find , all of which were disappointing . Tarot Magic , however , more than made up for my previous disappointments -- it was far beyond what I envisioned as an ideal tarot program . The graphics are spectacular , the program is very easy to use , and you even have the option of having the spread explained to you by voice ! Spreads can be saved in a beautiful journal to look at again later . My friend is a professional card reader and she was very impressed with the program .
 After a lot of time invested in trying to install this software and getting it to run , it did proove to be fun to use -- and I have been using it with ease for quite some time . If you do n't have a friend or relative who is a computer pro , prepare to invest a lot of time being terribly frustrated at first.When properly set-up , Tarot Magic is actually WAY BETTER than those web sites that give you a `` free '' reading -- and then hit you up for $ 20.00 to see the rest of the cards . I confess that I use this quite a bit , and I am so happy that I have it.Once you are up and running , this is a BLAST ! 12/26/07 Update
 I have had this program for many years , and was upset to find it cracked when going to load it into new computer . I found it on ebay and am back in business again ! I have found this to be uncanny in the advice it gives and valuable to have on hand .
 I have owned the classical edition of Tarot Magic for many , many years . I , too , was disappointed that the software was so configured that it can not be used to do a reading for a client and sent to them -LRB- the ` journal ' entries are some odd ` JRN ' file -RRB- but I have always loved working with this program since it was so realistically produced . I also liked the variables such as throwing your own cards and then plugging them into a spread to see how the program read your own cards . -LCB- Remember - there is nothing random about a computer program . -RCB- I am very , very happy with ` Tarot Magic ' but I do wish I could play it on my Windows 7 laptop . Visonary Networks should offer an update for previously sold copies . I highly recommend this CD , no matter how many people say they dislike some aspect of it .
 The one flaw I see in the meanings of the 10 decks shown is that the RWS interpretative statements are used for all 10 decks . Some of the decks do not use the RWS System . However I have done numerous readings with this cdrom program.I like ATMJ 's review and agree with most of it . Computer downloading was easier with the 4 in one cdrom set in my 95 -LRB- have use disc in tray -RRB- and in my NT/2000pro with 13 gig mem which downloaded entire program . For an example : Tarot of the Golden Stairs by Tavaglione is an excellent deck I love to use even in my Kabbalah readings . Get the program as it trains the Novice , Beginner , Initiate , Apprentice , Journeyman , and Professional readers in Tarot . I recommend buying and using . Blessings ...
 This software is the bomb ! I love it ! Why buy a bunch of different tarot decks when you can have them on your computer ? It has like 11 different decks to choose from and an assortment of different spreads to use as well as phrases to help you construct your questions.You can print out your readings or save them into a folder and has genral meanings as well as positional meanings for the different cards . Works just as well as physical decks and can help you learn the tarot at the same time .
 And I think this is a fine peice of work . With all tarot readings , it may not be completly 1000 % accurate , but it does hit the nail on the head a lot . Get it in the package with other softwar , considering how good this company is . Also , the different selecions of decks and spreads and the narration is very very nice.I 've been working with Tarot for years , and I do enjoy this software .
 Just Like the site without the other things like I-Ching & Numerology . It 's fun . EASY to use . Full Install you do n't need the CD to run it . That 's Perfect ! Excellent Work TAROT.com Thanks !
 I bought this CD through an ad and was pleasantly surprised . I especially liked the option to choose from various decks and spreads . I 've been reading cards for about 7 years but my mother has been reading them for ages and she admitted they were very accurate.What I liked : * Variety of spread and cards * Assistance with wording the queries * Visual display of cards and meanings * Scroll down ability within the cards meanings * How many times the cards have been shuffled -LRB- or the age of the deck which is important to tarot readers -RRB- * Completion Indicator of shuffled cards . . ie , 78 % , 98 % , 100 % What I did n't like : * Saving the files into a word document to send to friends who requested readings via e-mail . Not only do you have to save it to a Word Document -LRB- or similiar -RRB- but the pictures of the cards were not downloadable , unless you used another program type . ie ; . jpg , . bmp , etc. . It became too complicated . * Once the reading was over you had to exit out all the way out to the parchment to change the spread and rewrite the same question . * Only one option for shuffling the cards may be used at a time . An individual ca n't shuffle AND cut the deck at the same time . You have to change the option each time . A small detail , but for tarot readers , ensuring the cards have been well shuffled is a must ! Without wasting the time it takes to accomplish it.Other than that . . it was relatively simple to use . I was a bit skeptical in the beginning but it proved to be worth the money ! Enjoy !
 I purchased this program as part of a set of other divining programs called `` Ultimate home horoscope and tarot '' . However , this program is the standout of the bunch.MANY OPTIONSNot only do you get to pick from 10 decks of cards which cards you will for each reading , but there are multiple types of readings you can do.The ten decks are : Gran Tarot EsotericoMarseilleGrand EteilliaIbis TarotMedieval ScapiniOswald WirthRider WaiteStairs of GoldTarot of the Stars ... I was disappointed that the Morgan Greer tarot was not available however , I find the Marseille deck an acceptable substituteThe eleven spreads are : Advice SpreadCeltic CrossDays of the WeekHoroscope SpreadLife CycleRelationship SpreadRight LivelyhoodSelf KnowledgeStair of DavidTimelineTree of LifeVERY MUCH INFORMATION IN THIS PROGRAMWith each of these decks and spreads are explanations of their history and significance to the reader.Also within the library are the following text subjects , available in Acrobat Reader format , meaning readable outside this program and printable : Minor ArcanaMajor ArcanaSuit of WandsSuit of CoinsSuit of SwordsSuit of CupsEsoteric TarotEsoteric Origins of TarotKaballahAn Approach to Tarot HistoryThe confluence of the 3 great systemsThe Continental TarotsThe Gnostic TarotThe Spanish SchoolThe English SchoolEssay on the Major ArcanaEssay on the Minor ArcanaVERY PERTINENT INFORMATION PROVIDED FIRST : The feature I liked the most during a reading was the specifity of the information provided . Instead of given overall meaning for the card , you were given , the meaning relative to its position in the spread , the general meaning and the explanation of the position of the card.CAN SAVE AS WELL AS PRINT READINGSI like the fact that you can save the programs and it does this automatically by date . Also when it prints out it gives you a very attractive printout instead of a bare bones looking printout.MUCH USER CONTROLThe user of this program , controls 100 % what is done from the shuffling and riffling , cutting and moving , to the special effects associated with the sounds and information provided.I personally do n't like sound with my program and this was an easy thing to switch off.ONLY COMPLAINTS : Though you can Alt-tab to run when other programs are on , you lose the bottom bar to easily switch from one to the other.Also I wish you could add other decks . These are very minor problems.SUMMARY : If you are a beginner in Tarot as I am , this is a cool program . It runs well -LRB- I have a 733 Pentium with 512MB Ram however -RRB- and it is an interesting program to run . I have gotten hours of enjoyment from this . However , buying it within the other program was more economical .
 Let me preface this by stating I am a novice in this area . After reading reviews and doing lots of searching for different tarot software , I decided to purchase this one . My expectations were that it would be `` adequate . '' The reality is , this product surpassed my conservative expectations . I am quite happy with it ... I especially like the archiving of the readings and the library ! The library has a nice grouping of articles that I 've found very helpful . I 'd recommend this to anyone aspiring to learn more about tarot . It 's fun , entertaining and educational .
 This software provides a beautiful classical Tarot card reading . Behind the scenes an expert Tarot reader sorts out the card meanings for you since they can vary depending on whether the cards are reversed as well as where they fall in the spread . This is a wonderful tool for someone interested in immediate results and who does n't have time or does n't want to spend years trying to decipher tarot code . I find it to be extremely accurate , insightful , helpful , and absolutely inspiring . You can even save your readings and/or print them out . And the decks are just beautiful . You 'd have to pay well over $ 100 to own this many tarot decks .
 I have been reading Tarot for about 7 years now . I am told that I am very accurate , when I read for clients . However , I am blocked when I try to read for myself . Honestly , I did n't expect much from this ... I 've read the little books that come with tarot decks ... I pretty much ignore them , they are just not as good as reading from intuition . However , this program hits the nail on the head every time . Both for myself and I 've tried it on a few clients for `` fun '' to see if it corresponded with my readings . Well , I was really dumbfounded , it did . And I 'm lock in step with this program now , I use it mostly for my own personal readings , but when I need more depth in reading a clients I will turn to Tarot Magic , to see what I 'm missing.It 's outstanding . I thought it a bit pricy at first , but not at all ... WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY ! -- Love it -- Rain
 The software is very insiteful . The reason I gave it four stars is because it is not the easiest to use .
 I really love this product . It does exactly what I needed . I am not into advanced photo editing - but I did need some software to help organize my shots . Here 's what I like about this application :1 . Easy to capture and organize files
 I have been looking for some time for an easy way to save pictures on a CD to send to parents and friends who do n't have XP , or do n't know how to use XP 's picture handling capability.PhotoExplorer works simply and effectively . You can create a slide show -LRB- extra benefit : pick slides from various folders -RRB- , and then export it to a disk as a web page . Even better , it provides capability to give slides titles -LRB- different than the file name -RRB- , and display them on the web page if desired . You can even rearrange order , and program will rename files to keep new order intact . And finally , you can edit each with FrontPage if you have it.Great program ! I 've used the trial verson only two days , and have ordered the -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- full version . Buy it now !
 Xandros Desktop is a Debian based Linux distribution which is intended for business users . As such , it is stripped off the usual `` geek-ware '' found in most Linux distributions but includes applications most commonly used by business users , including OpenOffice -LRB- a full featured office suite which is file compatible with MS Office -RRB- and Code Weaver Crossover Linux , which actually lets you run your MS Office and other Windows applications natively!I have been using Linux since 1997 and have used many flavors and distributions , including Red Hat , Slackware , Mandrake and Caldera OpenLinux.Xandros 4.1 Desktop -LRB- Open Circulation Edition -RRB- was by far the easiest to install . It installed painlessly on my Toshiba Satellite P100 laptop and spared me of the usual trick questions during installation . It recognized my Window XP installation , resized the Windows NTFS partition painlessly and installed its own boot manager - allowing me to dual boot with Windows XP . -LRB- Xandros also supports dual booting with Vista , and the information is in the website FAQ -RRB- . I was quite pleased with its plug-n-play capability . It even recognized my Targus PA095 port replicator , and allowed me to use an external keyboard and mouse connected to the port replicator.The only problem I had with my installation was the sound did not work on my Toshiba Satellite P100 . I found that the problem was with Toshiba 's Differentiated System Description Table -LRB- DSDT -RRB- in the BIOS . Detailed steps to fix this are posted in the Xandros user forums under the Sound category . Now , with sound working , I am able to enjoy DVD movies and listening to CDs.If you are a Linux geek , or a quasi Linux-geek like me , then all the geek-ware you need like C/C + + Development environment , Linux source code , KDE Dev tools , etc. are available in Xandros Networks , accessed by an icon on your Desktop . Installing them is a breeze . Just a couple of clicks , max . You can also use the familiar Debian `` apt-get '' command to get other tools you may need.The Xandros KDE Desktop is the most intuitive Linux Desktop I have experienced . With in-built as well downloadable custom themes , wallpapers and screen savers , the Desktop experience is a rich and elegant one . It is certainly better than Windows XP . Initially I thought the Desktop was not as good as Vista . Boy was I glad to be proved wrong!My laptop has an nVidia GeForce Go 7300 video card , which supports 3D graphics acceleration . After upgrading the nVidia driver in my Toshiba laptop pretty painlessly with instructions in nVidia 's website , I got the Linux 3D Desktop to work wonderfully . -LRB- Type ' 3ddesk ' in a terminal window -RRB- . I also got the `` 3D Effects '' feature to work by just tweaking a couple of files . -LRB- Search for Compiz and nVidia in the Xandros forums -RRB- . This feature allows you to rotate the desktop as a three dimensional cube . It also has the cool `` wobbly window effect '' . Check out the `` Customer Images '' under the Xandros image at the top left of this page . This Desktop experience puts Windows Vista to shame !! Overall , I am pretty pleased and will definitely keep Xandros in my laptop to dual-boot with Windows XP . I would have rated Xandros 5 stars , but took away one star for the problem with the sound - which required a manual procedure to resolve .
 Installed without a hitch on its own hard drive . Recognized all hardware and internet connections . Partitioned hard disk . User manual excellent . Downloading applications through Xandros Networks is a snap . Installation or removal of applications is easy . Technical support has been fast and excellent . My only minor gripe is that Networks needs to make available most recent versions of KDE and OpenOffice products . Also , despite excellent tech support , can not get KOffice applications to open . Other KDE products , such as Kmail , KPIM , Konqueror work fine.Dual boot software for Xandros and Windows works well . I am having fun learning Linux , although a bit of a challenge to me . File management utility takes a little learning . I have not yet tried all the applications , like video playing , photo downloads , disk burning , music , Crossover , so my limited experience to date allows only for a 4-star rating . Have used product for two months .
 After evaluating many Linux distributions for my employer and for use at home , this is the only one that I found to be user friendly enough to recommend . A critical area for home dialup users is the modem issue . Many distributions require you to find and download drivers , as well as executing difficult -LRB- for the average user -RRB- command line routines . Not so with Xandros . It does n't support every modem , but I had no trouble with it recognizing a 3Com external , and a number of PCI internals . Setting these up was extremely simple . I believe a novice would have no trouble whatsoever.As for the business environment , recognizing and communicating with an existing Windows network was the downfall of every Linux distribution I tried except this one . Even the highly regarded Fedora/Redhat flunked.I 've converted almost entirely to Linux with this distribution , both at work and at home . I 'm now in the process of converting some of our other employee 's desktops also .
 I have been using Linux several years now at both work and home . I highly recommend Xandros if you do not want to pay the high price for MS Windows . If you just want to replace MS Windows with a less expensive Operating System then Xandros is the answer . If you want to dual boot your current MS Windows computer and you are willing to read , learn and spend sometime getting Linux to work the way you want , then I highly recommend Ubuntu and Red Hat Fedora.I also recommend you get the paid membership to Xandros if you want to get support and software application discounts . Purchasing Xandros from Amazon and paying for extra support directly from Xandros , will cost you less than half of what you will pay for any version of MS Windows .
 Xandros 4.1 has out done it 's self . I would and have recommended this OS to everyone I know .
 I am no more than a door-step astronomer . I want to identify all the constellations , understand some basics about the planets and stars , and be able to see the International Space station -LRB- ISS -RRB- and other satellites . I want to grasp the fundamentals about earth 's orbit and relationship with the Sun and other planets including the moon , and if , in learning all this I get a thirst for more complex things , then I will move on . I have about ten books on astronomy and the stars , and own a small beginner 's telescope . As a next step I searched the web for a reasonable astronomy program for my PC and downloaded free trials on several , including Distant Suns , ECU , Sky Chart and Sky Map . Of all of them Starry Night Backyard was the best . The graphics , screen displays and animation are all excellent . It gives you the ability to travel to other planets , observe the sky from any location on earth , run through sequences of events -LRB- past , present and future -RRB- and includes an on-line manual and companion book . Any child would find this an easy program to understand and the simple use of the mouse and toolbar adds to the pleasure . There is nothing complex or user-unfriendly about this excellent software . Free upgrades are available via the web as they are developed and you can always move from the basic package to the more complex one -LRB- I believe there are three versions -RRB- for a price . This is like learning Shakespeare from a book at school -LRB- boring and brain-dead -RRB- then going to see a performance by a professional cast which brings the whole thing to life in front of you . Starry Night Backyard is the performance of a lifetime . The animation to help you understand the earth 's orbit -LRB- and the other planets -RRB- is excellent and a picture is worth a thousand words in any book . Give it a try !
 I downloaded the demo for the `` Starry Night Backyard '' version from Space.com . The product is great for anyone who is interrested in astronomy , beginner or expert . I killed some serious time with this software ! I was blown away at how much information was available . Navigation is very easy , too.I highly recommend it .
 This is an awesome product , and fun for the whole family . My son , age 7 , loves exploring the universe with me . I and my husband , who both have an interest in astronomy -LRB- that we can rarely do anything about with small children -RRB- , just love all the information and the great graphics . This is easy to use , and is fun no matter what your level of expertise . This is a lot of software for a really reasonable price ! I find that I log on to it every evening to see what our sky will look like tonight ! I 've been a computer nerd for MANY years , and rarely have I been so impressed with a software product .
 Love it . Easy to use . Great for amateur astronomers . I check it every evening for a layout of the night sky . Neat features include `` zoom '' and `` go there '' .
 A friend showed me this program on his computer and I bought 2 as Christmas gifts . For anyone who has an interest in the night sky and learning more about what it is we 're looking at ! Great product !
 i recommend this software to everyone who wants to make a t shirt ... it 's great , and it 's easy ... . what more can you ask ?
 An excellent value for the money . There are lots of categories to choose from . The only downfall , which I 've noticed with other graphics packages , is that you have to open each file to see what it looks like . The file name gives no indication of what the graphic looks like . However , if you 're in Power Point , it will actually show what the graphic looks like without having to open each individual file .
 I 'm a graphic art student and already own a couple of CD 's with quite many font styles but this CD really does contain Fantastic Fonts you can not see anywhere else ! 500 ... Some of you might think it 's not too many but when you ca n't find two similar fonts in here , this really means 500 totally different types of letters . The CD also contains great symbols such as `` Christmasstar '' showing tons of different stars or `` Handmade '' with various hand positions . Needless to say , it 's worth your money and you 'll enjoy it !
 I 'm very satisfied with the product , actually I just want to say `` Its always be easy to be wise after the event '' . but I think I proved myself to be wise before the event .
 McAfee bundled all the necessary software you need for secure Internet surfing in just one CD , saving you a lot of time in installation . The software itself is very stable -LRB- never encountered any hang-up in memory -RRB- , and does n't hog your PC 's resources . It loads quickly on startup which is the fastest that I 've seen so far . The updater has also been integrated efficiently that it does n't cause any disruptions in your activities . Once you got it installed , it 's the sweetest low-maintenance software you 'll ever have . It 's a total far cry from the Norton Suite that I had not long ago.My Norton Suite of a year constantly hanged up , consumed a lot of my PC resources that made my PC slow , and broke down a lot of times whenever a virus get through my system -LRB- and it said my PC was protected at all times with the Auto-Protect feature ! -RRB- . And just because of that I needed to re-install the program all over again -LRB- which takes by itself a lot of time and sweat -RRB- and continually screwed my system with every re-installation . And their customer support takes 2 weeks per reply for free service , and charges you with a fee -LRB- in american dollars -RRB- if you want immediate service . My PC and myself is now scarred by the ruthless nightmares this suite has given me.So as a review , I could say that McAfee is the best I had after Norton . This suite itself contains both necessary firewall and antivirus protection your PC needs , and includes much more features like privacy service -LRB- which is like a net nanny software -RRB- and anti-spam . Just by switching to McAfee Internet Suite has saved me time and money -LRB- since I do n't have to buy individual softwares that this bundle has -RRB- . If you 're skeptical like I was in the beginning , I recommend that you try the trial software which is offered in their website < www.mcafee.com > for 30 days . And I assure you that after you had trial , you 'll go for the whole year subscription . That 's how good this software bundle is.I 've just read the previous comment of this software about the password thing and I just do n't get what the reviewer was saying , because I have n't experience it myself . So out of five stars , i might even give it a six !
 I especially like the `` alois '' and `` japanette '' fonts . The font manager is okay as well . If you want thousands of fonts , this is a good start .
 See my reviews under the Family Tree Maker 8.0 Deluxe 24-CD Set and 35-CD Set . This is the same as the 35-CD set with the addition of World Family Tree Vols 43-49 . So you get the these WFT CDs for the difference in price .
 Course OverviewThis course is intended for end users who are looking to use the advanced features of Microsoft FrontPage 98 . This course is the second part of a two part series that will prepare individuals for the Microsoft FrontPage 98 Expert User certification exam.Learn ToCreate and design a FrontPage web.Edit , modify and enhance pages in a FrontPage web.Create various types of forms in a FrontPage web and publish the web.AudienceThis course is intended for end users who are looking to use the advanced features of Microsoft FrontPage 98 . Participants should have completed course 72101 , Microsoft FrontPage 98 Proficient User.Deployment Optionse-LearningAccreditationNASBA credits
 This provides the user with a fully functioning and easy to maintain -LRB- relative to other products -RRB- firewall - it is also a mini intrusion detection system . Set up is straight forward in comparison to other software firewalls -LRB- to be fair Norton is on a par -RRB- . Also bundled with good virus checker , file shredder and other security software . The rival product is Norton -LRB- the choice between the two is hard they are very similar . Many computers or routers are shipped with one or the other . McAfee wins for me -RRB- . Good value product . I would suggest a hardware router as well - in particular if you are using a high speed link -LRB- it provides an additional level of security -RRB- . More choice for routers -LRB- Linksys , Microsoft , Netgear and Belkin - fairly similar -RRB- . The alternatives are assembling your own suite of programs from shareware/freeware - this is feasible and alot cheaper -LRB- e.g. Spam blocker
 I bought this program for `` free after rebates '' at a local Staples store . I was previously pleased with McAfee VirusScan 2004 , and bought this suite to install on a friend 's new laptop . The installation went well -LRB- I first uninstalled the terminally stupid Norton Anti-Virus that came with the laptop -RRB- , and everything has been working fine . I had lots of problems in the past with Norton Firewall , so I 'm praying that McAfee 's firewall works better . But so far so good . It has stopped a few spyware trojans that my friend came across while surfing the web . I give this five stars because the rebates make it free .
 This is a great combination security suite for Sonicwall , but the seller neglects to say for how long the license is . Is it a one or two year license . I buy two year licenses for about $ 190 , so if it is a two year license , the price is great . If it is a one year license then the price is too high .
 I 'm a long-time Mac/Apple systems user -LRB- Apple IIe in 1983 , Macs since the late 80s -RRB- . Being in the visual effects business , I finally succumbed this year and bought my first PC , a nice Toshiba Qosmio laptop , so that I could use various Windows-only software packages , including 3-D apps . I have two Macs at home and various external HDD and files I wanted to be able to move data/media seamlessly between both platforms -LRB- furthermore , I 'm looking to get a new MacPro tower when they come out , and run BootCamp to make that system dual-OS , and will need such functionality then -RRB- . So , MacDrive 6 was purchased and installed on day 1 . I was instantly pleased -- mac CDs and HDDs were swappable between my systems without a hitch . I was even able to mount my old 10GB firewire iPod and use it w / iTunes on my Windows machine . All was well until ... A few weeks later I purchased Roxio 's Easy Media Creator Suite 8 . I 'm a longtime user of the Toast/Popcorn products they make for the Mac platform and figured I 'd stick with them -LRB- instead of other apps like Nero -RRB- . That 's when weird things started happening . It came to a head last week when I purchased a nice new Maxtor OneTouch III 1TB triple-interface external drive . The goal was to have a huge central store for media and backups for all my systems . Setup was to be a breeze , according to the documentation and all reviews/reports I 'd read . Wrong . It comes pre-formatted for Mac , and between that and tests w/other drives , the net result was the same -- initial drive recognition , followed by a sudden system crash , the dreaded stop error/blue screen . A reboot loop would ensue until the volume was unplugged/removed . After several days of testing/problem-solving , I stumbled across a support doc on the MediaFour -LRB- maker of MacDrive 6 -RRB- website , acknowledging a severe conflict between MacDrive 6 and Easy Media Creator 8 . They apparently both have drivers dealing w / mac volumes that will bring about the above crippling results until one or the other software package is un-installed . I 've contacted both companies to see if an update/workaround to fix this is available or will be soon . Until then , I have Roxio 's software uninstalled -- a $ 70 coaster until this is resolved.If MediaFour solves this problem -- I 'd boost my rating to 5 stars .
 MacDrive recognized all of my disks formatted for Mac OS and it was a snap to access them.I got a MacBook Pro for Christmas and wanted to use it for at work , which is heavily MicroSoft . Because the largest BootCamp partition that allows the Mac to see the Windows files is 32GB , I needed another location to store data files . With MacDrive , I was able to store files on the Mac partition and access them from the Windows BootCamp partition.It even reads my iPod : -RRB-
 Installed this a few weeks ago , on my intel imac 20 -LRB- after successfully installing bootcamp -RRB- . I 've had no problems at all - and can transparently access my Mac volume when running XP SP2 on the iMac .
 Purchased this software in order to access Mac files on my PC . Easy to install , intuitive to operate and functioned as advertised .
 I own a PC and a Mac , and was struggling to find a way to back them both up on the same external drive . This program made it possible !! Using Macdrive in combination with Disc Utility -LRB- Mac -RRB- , Copy Cloner -LRB- Mac -RRB- , and Ghost -LRB- PC -RRB- , I was able to backup both PC and Mac on the same external drive . Even better the backups are bootable and I can access all the drives from either computer!Macdrive is a wonderful product ! Just install on PC , and you will have full access to all mac files including your Mac formatted drives and even your iPod !! Mediafour 's website offers a trial version . Download it and try it for yourself : -RRB-
 This allowed me to use the same backup drive for a MAC and a PC with no issues .
 I 've been using a Mac for my voicemail since my Performa 6320 , and Phlink is the best Mac voicemail product ever . I have it running on an old 600MHz iBook and it works great . The basic functionality -LRB- like sending yourself emails of the recordings -RRB- is simple to set up , and for advanced users the AppleScript ability is awesome . By using a simple folder hierarchy , you can create unlimited mailboxes and voice trees for companies . The documentation is good and easy to understand.Some third-party products -- like Indigo home automation software -- are already set up to tie in to Phlink and come with ready-made AppleScripts that you just need to drop in the appropriate folder.The one time I had a problem -LRB- a fried telephone adapter , which which was my own fault -RRB- Ovolab 's tech support was prompt , helpful , and friendly.What I love about this product : * Getting emails at work of voicemails left at home * Having custom outgoing messages based upon caller ID info -LRB- great for annoying telemarketers ! -RRB- * Getting pop-up alerts on other Macs on my network telling me who 's calling * Integrating with Indigo so I can call home and turn lights on and off
 I have been using an Ovolab Phlink for two and a half years , and I 've generally been very happy with it . However , it is important to point out that this is not really a plug-and-play product . You can do wonderful things with it , but it will take some effort . However , once it 's set up , it 's a champ.The first thing to note is that I got mine in January of 2009 , and it came with an older -LRB- 3 . x -RRB- version of the software . Since the software had been updated to 4.x in 2008 , I wrote to support at Ovolab and got a free upgrade . However , the Ovalab site seems to be running pretty much on automatic now , and I 'm unsure if there still is a real support team , so it is possible you 'll get an old version of the software -LRB- who knows when Amazon got their current stock from them -RRB- and wo n't be able to get a free upgrade , in which case you 'll need to shell out $ 40 on the Ovolab site to buy it . Again , mine was shipped two and a half years ago , so I 'd hope the boxes now have software from late 2008 in them ... but I do n't know.The second thing to note - as mentioned above - is that there 's been no development activity on the software since late 2008 . I suspect there wo n't be any more releases . This is not critical , but it 's something to keep in mind and might influence your decision.The third thing to note , which balances against the other two , is that , as far as I know , there is no other Mac option for telephone answering/monitoring . So , you 're stuck with this , but it is a workable solution , just one that requires some elbow grease and an expectation of some initial frustrations.With all that in mind , here are my impressions and comments : The device itself is small , about the size of an original iPod , but with a clear acrylic cover that would look more in place with one of the original iMacs than with anything produced in the past decade , but , again , it 's small , and you can put it out of sight . It 's not ugly so much as it 's just not beautiful.Into it , you plug a USB cable -LRB- obviously , you need to be within USB cable length of a Mac -RRB- , your incoming phone line , and , if you want a phone attached to it locally , a line to that phone . You could also certainly install this at the main line into your home , so that it could intercept all calls . Mine , though , is just plugged into one of the many phone outlets in my home , and it 's set to record call activity and to answer certain calls . As it is now , the first ring goes to every phone , because it takes a ring for Caller ID to register , and after that , if the call is from a number the Phlink is programmed to answer , it picks up , and all the other phones stop ringing . If you install it between your main incoming line and the home lines , it would not ring the other phones until it has dealt with the call.You then install the software and , after installation , enter your serial number , and then you 're good to go . Well , sort of.The default behavior - logging calls , recording them if you choose to do so , sending notifications to other Macs in the house , and so on - works fine . But if you want specific behavior , you 'll need to write or edit AppleScript files . That said , there are a wealth of sample scripts , the instructions on how to use them are pretty clear , and the forums at Ovolab are active -LRB- users are posting there even if the support staff is n't -RRB- . Your questions will be answered . It will likely take you a while to get the hang of things , but it 's not too bad . Yes , I 'm a software developer , so that helps , but no , I 'm not an AppleScript programmer , nor do I need to be . The scripts are well commented , and usually all you need to do is change one thing in them , like a phone number . It 's not rocket science . More like building model rockets ... some effort required , but not an engineering degree.Once it 's all set up , though , it 's excellent : * If you tend to get solicitors calling , you can block their numbers or send them to a default message . * You can use the app to connect to your system from any phone and do things you tell it to do . * Friends and family can get individual or group responses when it picks up and leave messages in individual mailboxes . * You can have any messages emailed to you . * You can get a notification of incoming calls sent to any Mac as they happen - this is great if the phone is ringing but not near you -LRB- you can see who 's calling on your laptop screen -RRB- . * You can , with the iPhone Prowl app to connect to Growl on your Mac , get notified on your iPhone when any calls are made to your house , as they 're coming in . * And ... all the other stuff on the Ovolab website.The app runs fine on OS X 10.4-10 .6 . On 10.7 , you 'll need to go to the forums and search for `` Lion '' to find a workaround , which is pretty simple but required or else the system wo n't see your hardware attachment . If you have any questions , the forums can answer them . I 've installed the system on a series of Macs over the years , and it works fine , but , again , it takes some initial setup .
 Like PhotoShop , Porfolio is rich and deep . It rewards patient , attentive souls who study and learn . Portfolio 4 was a Godsend for me eight years ago . With it , I was able to efficiently organize thousands of images and produce a complex CD-ROM project . Since then I have used versions 5 , 6 , and now 7 . All have been very useful.Catalogs are a great feature of Portfolio . You can create multiple catalogs from the same database
 As certified Microsoft Professional I know a great a solution and a good deal when I find one . Working at DOD contractor company , while reporting to the New IT Manager , she asked me to look into upgrading our file and print servers which were running Windows NT4 .0 . After some research headed by the long time Network Admin and the Senior Helpdesk Tech , I was guided to this link which had just what we were looking for . By installing this version of Windows XP Professional with Service Pack 2 - Complete Product , we were able to provide the entire San Leandro office with a full service suite of File and Print servers throughout the facility . We even got the servers to work with CostPoint allowing the Stores department to talk to Purchasing department , a first since working at L-3 , something that we have n't been able to do with Windows ME . The systems have been virus free the whole time we had them running and now , we do n't even have to worry about Spyware with Defender installed . Do n't let the price fool you , this is a great deal considering the time and trouble that we have saved . We ended up purchasing three of these products . Keep in mind that this version is the Professional `` Complete Product '' with the full version of Service Pack 2 ! It was worth every penny of the total price of $ 15,111 .
 My Pentium 2 computer was running a bit slow and making strange noises so I figured it was time to upgrage the operating system . After looking around at Best Buy I found out that Microsoft 's new windows Vista was coming out in January , but unfortunately my system did n't meet the basic requirements , as it only had 256mb of RAM . The helpful sales clerk said I could probably get by with Windows XP Pro , but that I could n't upgrade from my current OS , so I would have to get the full version . They had some available for sale around $ 189.00 but none with Service Pack 2 , which included some important security doo-dads and what-nots . So I searched online and found Amazon/Ritz Camera had this sweet baby with SP2 already included for only $ 5037.00 ! It was an extra $ 4848.00 dollars but it was worth it compared to the 20-30 minutes I would spend downloading and installing it with my dial-up internet connection . Now my computer runs slightly faster ! I recommend this to anyone who just does n't have the time to be bothered with those pesky downloads , and it sure beats the hassle of buying a new computer !
 If you are interested in astronomy in any form , be it naked eye viewing , with binoculars , or telescope , or just interested in the subject , you will want this product ... If you have no idea about celestial motion , constellations , planets , or Messier objects , this program will teach you these and more . This is a very professional product with excellent documentation , simple installation and an update capability that leads you by the hand to ensure you always have the latest version . It 's your very own planetarium in your computer and under your own almost infinite control to travel around the universe . Great Fun !
 Starry Night offers an easy to use interface that can be used ` out of the box . ' It looks great and runs great on a Radeon video card giving smooth realtime animation . The star and constellations are labeled , plus there are other navigation features that can be switched on/off . Different points of view show the movement of planets relative to each other and the star background , making it easy to find the planets and know what their position will be in the future . Also I recommend spending the extra $ 10 to get the book , it explains many of the basic concepts in an easy to read and understand format . Now if only it could just do something about those cloudy nights .
 This is an excellent way to learn astronomy and stargzing . I purchased the `` Starter '' edition then upgraded to `` Backyard '' though this is not really necessary to get value out of the purchase . Both editions come with a book that is so similar it is redundant , but there was no choice when upgrading online at the manufacturer 's site.Starry Night has many features that will help any level of astronomy student . Backyard allows one to travel further back and forward in time to understand the motion of the Universe . It also has more stars -LRB- supposedly one million , but who 's counting -RRB- . The book -LRB- s -RRB- is -LRB- are -RRB- well written and reference the software so one can actually see what is being described . I hope other scientific books follow a similar path . The software is easy to use and lots of fun . My kids and I have spent much time looking at the features and will likely do so for years to come .
 This product is great . I just bought it yesterday , and within an hour , I was intrigued by it 's capabilities . Definitely worth the money . I had trouble deciding on whether to get Starry Night backyard Special Edition , or Starry Night Pro . I chose Strarry Night backyard , and I agree with the other reviewers , it is very easy to use , right out of the package.It shows you the stars as you would see them , right in your own backyard . You can zoom in and out , view the sky as time flies from morning till night , or day to day . You can go back in time , and into the future . You can change your location to view the stars from different planets.I even viewed Earth from Mars ! The only problem I had , was that I wanted more.Starry Night Backyard Special Edition is not at the level that I want to explore the night sky.I need something a little more advanced , so I 've just bought Starry Night Pro.Now I can hook my telescope up to my computer , and use the Strary Night Pro program , to view the night sky from my telescope .
 I agree with all that the previous reviewer has said , though I should add that ` Starry Night ' is also enormous fun to use . Astronomical theory can be pretty mind-blowing at times , and this software helps to illustrate and animate what can otherwise be somewhat dry and erudite concepts . If you have any young would-be astronomers in your household , there are plenty of nifty featues that should catch their attention - the animated solar system is always a crowd-pleaser , as is the ability to take virtual rocket trips to far-flung stars .
 This software seems really cool . The way it functions is smart.But one thing I noticed is that it does n't seem to have that manynames or nicknames for some objects just the messier number .
 This is a great program for people interested in astronomy . It helps me find which star -LRB- s -RRB- I 'm going to use to align with -LRB- by the way I have an etx 70 at and its great ! -RRB- and also what celestial wonders I 'm going to view . You can even go back to the 1200 's and find objects that were up at that time . Also you can go up in time by how much time you desire so you can see what will be up that night . One note though , make sure you know your coordnates so you can punch them is and it will take you to where you are . Definatly purchase this and the etx 70 at if you are a begginer to amatuer astronomer .
 My wife and I like to look at the stars so thought I would buy it . We are still learning the full capabillaties of this program , but I can tell you this it is well worth the money .
 I have enjoyed this product since i put the game in my computer . I love it . I think everyone who likes space like me should try this game .
 Being a United States Merchant Master Mariner , I am required to use and be proficient at celestial navigation . That is finding my position on a boat or ship by using celestial bodies at night as well as the day . All though we have depended on electronic navigation for most all of these tasks for years , a master must know his celestial navigation . If his boat batteries or electical system ever fail or the equipment ever fails which happens more often than one would think . There lies the reason I found originally bought this software , because I found books and other aids so complicated I was getting more confused than help.On a good night -LRB- very clear -RRB- there are so many stars it is hard to pick out the big dipper . On a bad -LRB- overcast -RRB- night you are lucky to find the moon . With this software , you simply plug in your estimated location , the date and time and it shows you a great moving clestial map in several formats that my 7 year old nieces were having no problem using the program in minutes . No telescope or extra equipment is required but a pair of binoculars helped pick out some of the weaker stars.Books , aids , educational toys helped in the past learn and helped pick out the stars but on this one night , two 7 year olds and a 50 year old Master Mariner and his wife became experts -LRB- in our minds -RRB- in finding the constellations , major stars , planets and even satalites . I have never had such a good time with my family , and never felt so good about my professional ability.I am ready for the advanced versions of this product now and can not wait to buy a good telescope to get get to a level of a good amature astronomer . I am afraid my nieces are on the way to astophysics they are enjoying it so much .
 i 've had starry night beginner for about a year and i love it . if you 're just getting into astronomy and you are completely -LRB- or at least partly -RRB- baffled by handheld star charts ... this program will make it ultra-easy for you to find whatever heavenly body you 're looking for . it 's an amazing program ... very addictive . it 's one of the most frequently used programs on my computer . i 'm an old man , but this would be a terrific program for kids who are curious about the sky . with this program and a pair of binoculars ... you 'll be able to find and observe just about everything up there . highly recommended !
 I bought this so I could have a handwritten copy of all my work . Really learns your handwritting . This has saved me soo many hours , it really was worth every penny !!!!
 DigiMemo Handwriting Recognition Software is works well with the digital notebook -LRB- AceCad DigiMemo -RRB- my wife uses . My wife could not stop using the notebook for sketching because she could translate the sketches to digital notes .
 this product came in on time if not earlier . item was descibed exactly as it was in the description . thanks .
 Indispensable for notes at work . No retyping just use OCR program and it saves into a word document ! Big time saver .
 I bought MyScript Notes along with Acecad and the product is simply awesome . In the eighty or so pages that I wrote , I hardly make more than 5-8 corrections per page . I give this software an A + + in its excellent text recognition . I will buy the next update that they come up with ! One thing though that I will like to see them come up with is recognition of greek letters . If they do that , they will capture the market of the scientific/mathematical community that write in this lingo . So far I got it to recognize one greek letter -LRB- mu -RRB- . I am not sure it will recognize others . I will recommend this software any day .
 The item is just want I need to get my job done fast . Thank you for getting it to me in a timely manner .
 Digimemo Handwriting Recognition SoftwareI bought the DigiMemo L2 and have been using it about a week now . Just today I finally got the opportunity to trial the handwriting recognition . I found it very accurate , in spite of my `` chicken scratch '' cursive . When I semi-printed -LRB- mixed cursive and printing -RRB- , it worked even better.The software on the CD included with the DigiMemo is two-fold . First the software needed for communications upload to the PC and working as graphics tablet . Second , and this what I could n't determine on Amazon 's site , was that there is indeed handwriting recognition software included . However , it is only a 30-day trial version . My recommendation
 I did n't have high expectations for this program but I was pleasantly surprised . Even though my handwriting was sloppy and often ran uphill , the software recognized the overwhelming majority of words . I could easily correct those it did n't . It also seemed to learn words that were unfamiliar to it such as `` ePortfolio '' . After I corrected that word twice it recognized it in subsequent pages . It has a setting for object recognition as well . For the price , I was glad I bought it .
 It 's not as good as the Windows tablet native recognition , that 's clear to me . But it has multilanguage support right out of the box . It also increases the DigiMemo 's value tremendously.Do note that it 's not so precise figuring out my cursive handwriting but you should get better results if you write clearly . My handwriting is not as bad as a doctor 's but I 'm certainly no model of caligraphy .
 Reviews of this product can be found under the same product but listed by Amazon as merely `` Digimemo Handwriting ... `` I have been using the L2 and this software product for about two months now . Indeed , as the first reviewer put it , `` do n't expect perfection but do expect a high degree of accuracy . '' I can also find room for just a little sympathy for the 2nd reviewer that wrote not to waste time with this.I gave a `` demonstration '' speech on this product to my local Toastmasters club . Before the speech , I had all in attendance -LRB- about 10 -RRB- write on the L2 `` Hello my name is ... '' followed by their name and anything else they wanted to say . Then , the first half of the speech was an intro to the technologies . For the second part , I attached the L2 to my laptop , asked the club to gather around me and I demonstrated how quickly and easily the upload and conversion took place . For everyone but one person , the recognition was over 90 % . However , for one person , even though they had very nice hand writing , it recognized only about 20 % . For that person , I definitely would n't recommend the device.However , my own experience is that I am completely amazed by this device . As a corporate manager who is in back-to-back meetings and as a Christian taking notes at my religious functions , I am very pleased with the success of the item . Based on my recommendation , at least 4 personal acquaintances have said they will definitely buy one . What really sells them though , is trying it for themselves , which I 'm always willing to let them do . My penmenship is far from wonderful , but not as bad as the jokes about medical doctors . It has really gotten bad since most of what I do is typed on a computer . However , my penmenship has improved some now that I am using the L2 -- now that I KNOW I can write without having to come back to my desk and transcribe everything into the word processer . -LRB- BTW , this software comes with an option to export the converted handwritten document to Microsoft Word as typed text . However , every physical line you write on the pad is converted to paragraph so that after the conversion , line-wrapping is ineffectual . You do have to manually remove the paragraph mark at the end of lines that are within the same paragraph.I do wish the software had a feature where it would read scanned documents . I have hand written notes from before I bought this thing . I would love to convert them . From what I 've found , this is the only product on the market that successfully converts actual cursive . The IRIS product , Readiris Pro 11 , claims to be able to recognize hand PRINTING , but the details sound so limiting that I have n't even tried it . I use Readiris Pro 11 only for scanning typeset or laser printed documents .
 Do n't expect perfection but do expect a high quality conversion of hand-written text to usable professional correspondence and note-taking without too much correction required . I got 90-95 % accurate recognition of block writing off-the-bat and 80-85 % recognition of cursive writing . As with any conversion software it takes some practice to optimize one 's writing to get higher accuracy but not much -- I did n't find myself having to relearn how to write to get the software to function with good results . Software installs quickly and without complication . I do n't have the best penmanship in the world but with some minor effort to control my scrawl I was able to get an end product that I was happy with ... no matter what you use you 're going to have to do some editing/correcting to `` finish '' the product but so long as you do n't expect perfection out of the box you 'll be happy for the price . Easily uploads to Word and email software .
 This software does what it says . It is a bit slow on my old PC . Maybe it is because I installed it on my old PC . It handles writing very well . It handles some pictures very well but not if it is too close to the writing . The training is slow also but it has to be done . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is the speed .
 Although eye candy 5 texture , is an old version , on my computer , it works fine , it 's fun to create high quality designsAmazon is excellent , very efficient
 Having recently reviewed a companion product from Alien skin , I was thoroughly familiar with the suite of Alien Skin Programs.Eye Candy 5 Textures loads up in a flash , and was up and running as soon as I launched Photoshop CS.The newest offering from Alien Skin is really just one of a three part series of effects programs . The others are Eye Candy 5 Nature , and the soon to be released Eye Candy 5 Impact.There are perhaps dozens of texture creation programs out there , including the one built in to Photoshop . So why do we need another one , you might ask?Well , the answer is contained in the Eye Candy 5 Textures CD.This Effects Plug-In contains a total of 10 texture groups , with a total of over 200 presets available for immediate use.If you are a user that regularly needs to go searching for various textures to place into your artwork , you will absolutely love this program.And a great built in feature with Eye Candy 5 Textures is that every filter has a seamless tile option that really gives the user the ultimate power to create as they see fit.On to the filter groups
 Few athletes have impacted their sport as thoroughly and for as great a length of time as Jimmy Connors . The facts speak for themselves : * Jimmy Connors was ranked Number 1 for 159 weeks , the longest uninterrupted hold on the number 1 spot in the history of men 's tennis . * He holds a record 109 singles titles , more than any other male player in history . * He has captured eight Grand Slam Championships , including five U.S. Open Championships , two Wimbledon titles and the Australian Open.Jimmy Connors ' first gained recognition in the tennis world in 1971 , when he won the NCAA Championship as a freshman at UCLA . That same year , at 19 , he joined the men 's professional tour and quickly earned a reputation for determination and exciting play.In 1973 , Connors captured six titles and rose to Number 3 in the world . The following year he captured three Grand Slam titles and the Number 1 ranking . Victories at the Australian Open , Wimbledon , the U.S. Open , and twelve other titles , as well as a 96 % winning percentage , catapulted him to the top . He moved to Number 1 on July 29 , 1974 , and remained there for a record 159 consecutive weeks . Jimmy Connors remained ranked among the world Top Ten players for the next fifteen years.Now you , too , have the chance to compete for the prestigious titles of professional tennis with Jimmy Connors Pro Tennis Tour.Thanks to the expert team at Blue Byte , this completely revolutionary program encompasses all the elements of professional play
 Generally underrated for `` dated looking graphics '' and `` lack of campaign '' . Is this the same sim we 're talking about ? This sim certainly deserves much more credit than what seems to be general opinion . But do n't let that hardcore `` G.O. '' fool you . This evaluation comes from a guy who has played all flight sims out there . In this sim you will find the most realistic carrierdeck action to date , a fully clickable and sharp looking cockpit , beautifully rendered/coloured skies , good handling/avionics -LRB- although simplified -RRB- , and beautiful external views on the super hornet . Sure , the voice of the pilot -LRB- you -RRB- is terribly annoying and the ingame sounds are under par and the game feels unfinished . However , the challenging missions in the two theatres Baring Sea and Indian Ocean and the above mentioned strongpoints makes this sim a must have for the F/A -18 fans . The clear manual and training missions also make this sim accessible for the novice virtual pilot . The Gold edition should soon bring completion of this fine sim . Keep up the good work on flight sims DID !
 I hate to think how many simulators I 've used over the years , each time searching for the `` perfect '' simulator . Noteable military sims that came close were Parsoft 's A-10 and Graphic Simulations F-18 Korea.The short story on DID 's F-18 Super Hornet is that although it is n't perfect , it has some great features that make me want to keep it -LRB- at least until the next great program comes out -RRB- . First , the carrier ops are a great addition to the program . Following the commands of the tower and the deck handlers really aids in the reality of the experience . I personally like the detailed evaluation of each and every landing -LRB- the judging can be harsh ! -RRB- . On the downside , the graphics are a step behind , and the flight model seems a bit simplified , but I found the frame rate with a P-3 , 500mhz computer and a 16mb 3dfx card to be very satisfactory.I would like to see a full campaign model , true career ladder , and a comprehensive landing score -LRB- as would happen in a real carrier environment -RRB- , but what is here is good and worth a look .
 It 's not made by DiD , it 's made by Di -LRB- Digital Integrations F/A -18 Super Hornet -RRB- . . Again it 's not DiD , they made EF2000 and TAW and are a different company .
 Generally underrated for `` dated looking graphics '' and `` lack of campaign '' . Is this the same sim we 're talking about ? This sim certainly deserves much more credit than what seems to be general opinion . But do n't let that hardcore `` G.O. '' fool you . This evaluation comes from a guy who has played all flight sims out there . In this sim you will find the most realistic carrierdeck action to date , a fully clickable and sharp looking cockpit , beautifully rendered/coloured skies , good handling/avionics -LRB- although simplified -RRB- , and beautiful external views on the super hornet . Sure , the voice of the pilot -LRB- you -RRB- is terribly annoying and the ingame sounds are under par and the game feels unfinished . However , the challenging missions in the two theatres Baring Sea and Indian Ocean and the above mentioned strongpoints makes this sim a must have for the F/A -18 fans . The clear manual and training missions also make this sim accessible for the novice virtual pilot . The Gold edition should soon bring completion of this fine sim . Keep up the good work on flight sims DID !
 Instead of being really technical and requiring professional knowledge about astrology like some software programs , this one is for entertainment purposes and a lot of fun -- for people who like to read their horoscopes in magazines . My favorite part is the compatibility analysis where you can see how two people would interact romantically based on their horoscope signs . The graphics are really cool and colorful .
 I 've just upgraded to version 6 and have been very pleased . Fasttrack Schedule helped us to communicate to our clients in a simple and straight forward manner . It has become a standard in the office .
 If you have Mac OS 10.2 -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- , you MUST run the Norton `` Live Update '' IMMEDIATELY after installing , BEFORE RESTARTING . This version is NOT compatible with 10.2 , and thanks to this application , I got to actually see the unshakable OS X CRASH . A rare sight with the solid new operating system . I only discovered this incompatibility after going to the Symantec website as a last resort . I was about to send the software back , and there is no free 800 number to call with questions . The information I found there is as follows , and it 's easy.THIS IS WHAT YOU DO
 This is a good piece of software for the home user with a continuous internet connection . Interface could be a little more Mac-like -LRB- Aqua -RRB- but its the best out there . Especially helpful in that it monitors attempts to access your system . Updates for the virus software appear frequently -LRB- try versiontracker.com -RRB- and can be automatically downloaded . Highly recommended if you 're using DSL or cable modem .
 This package contains Norton AntiVirus and Norton Personal Firewall , two well-known Symantec products -LRB- especially Norton AntiVirus -RRB- . Best of all , you end up spending less money than if you had ordered those two seperately AND you also get some other useful programs . Plus , it works on Mac OS X!By the way , if you are using Jaguar and this does n't work , do n't return it yet ! On Symantec 's website they are offering a free upgrade that allows you to use it on Jaguar.My complaint ? Why does n't Symantec offer an all-in-one package allowing you to purchase everything in both Internet Security AND SystemWorks ?
 The latest version of Norton Privacy Control DOES in fact work with Jaguar . The 1.0.2 update is available for FREE via the Symantec LiveUpdate service .
 CS3 is necessary step when upgrading to Leopard . This software has enough info for a person that is acquainted with the four software programs included with this package . One thing that should be emphasized with this software , if you are the more serious who wants to do more than the basic adjustments with photos , layouts , then this is what you will need . Do not purchase this software if you going to do just basic adjusts and the like . There is plenty of great software out there to do that . Adobe provides plenty of onsite info to help and with a little bit of searching on the net you should be able to do what you need to do with CS3 . One last thing to remember , only with lots of investment of time will you gain the experience that is needed to get those extra special results you are looking for .
 I 'm thrilled on this New Year 's morning to share my experiences running CS3 on an Intel Mac . After trying to run CS2 since switching to an Intel , it was a welcome relief to load this upgrade . What I 've found in this version thus far has exceeded my expectations overall.I watched the videos and read the mixed reviews from veteran users , but the bottom line was that I needed CS3 for my new Intel Mac . As a graphic artist and editor , my work speed slowed to an irritable limp for over a month due to the CS2/Intel incompatibility . CS3 , while offering significant changes in content and interface design , allowed me to hit the ground running pretty seamlessly , allowing me the flexibility of learning on the fly . I think Adobe anticipated this issue by providing the option of working in the more familiar CS2 environment while reaping the benefits of CS3 , for which I -- and my clients -- are very grateful.There are minor glitches still being ironed out , as there always will be when application meets computer system , but Adobe appears to be on top of them.I 'm running CS3 on Leopard 10.5.1 on an Intel Mac .
 Adobe Creative Suite CS3 Design Premium -LSB- Mac -RSB- -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- . Excellent opportunity to upgrade without having to buy a new computer . Actually saved my small business at time when I needed to design new product based in Illustrator CS3 - no longer sold by Adobe , which only markets its latest version , CS6 . Thankful that Amazon provides opportunity to purchase older versions of software .
 Industry standard for graphic design . Slowly becoming bloated , Acrobat is already packed with useless add-ons , shortcuts , what have you.Recommended , but you 'll need experience with it or take a class in it to get your money 's worth .
 Goog update , greater stabillity . But ID CS3 lack of export to CS2 format is somehow a problem . -LRB- i know there is interchange format ... but prefer the confort -RRB-
 Birds of My Region is one of 71 birding titles offfered by Thayer Birding Software . This is the top-rated birding software and is used in many universities , nature centers and museums to teach bird identification.Birds of My Region is a special `` subset '' of the full Guide to Birds of North America v3 .9 . When you install it you are asked to select one of ten different regions or you may also select any one state or any one province . You will then see just those birds from that region -LRB- or state/province -RRB- . Another reviewer of Birds of My Region has some errors in his review . This software does NOT require a registration . It does NOT require a password . -LRB- Very old versions of this software did require registration , however -RRB- . Full details of this software can be found at thayerbirding dot com.I am the president of Thayer Birding software , so this is a bit biased , but at least it is accurate .
 I 'm an ACT ! Certified Consultant and a QuickBooks Professional Advisor so you might consider my testimony a little biased ... or you might believe me when I tell you that this was a heavily requested product for years before it was released . Lots of businesspeople use both ACT ! and QuickBooks , and consider it a drain on their time to type a name & address into one product , then retype it again into the other product.Installation is a snap . Then you have to go into QuickBooks/Preferences to tell it that another program can access it . Within ACT ! , a tab is automatically added for QuickBooks information . You run ACT ! first then start up QuickBooks and voila!One caveat with the current version is that it moves one contact at a time . A client said , ` big deal ' and moved 200 customers in no time.Another caveat was a business owner who using QuickBooks Enterprise , a corporate product for 10 users . He had it setup with user privledges so that salesreps can only see limited information . This link will not recognize Enterprise user privledges.Other than that , this is a great solution . I use it almost daily for my own business and clients love it too .
 Easy to use . Imported a picture of my yard and arranged the plants , saved a lot of labor and money .
 We gave this book as a gift to a family that is planning to do some new landscaping in their yard . It can in very handy .
 THIS IS A LOT OF FUN . I HAVE USED OTHER SIMILAR PRODUCTS BUT THIS HAS MUCH MORE ! I HAVE STOPPED ORDERING MY LABELS . . I MAKE MY OWN NOW
 We received this as a gift and after a somewhat rocky start -LRB- Hard to figure out what is going on and instructions are a little vague -RRB- we loved it . Our five year old daughter plays it constantly and loves to try to figure out how to solve the case . It is different every time you play , so even if you are able to solve it -LRB- we have n't yet -RRB- it 's a new game each time . A great game ... we are giving it as gifts to every computer kid we know !
 My parents bought this game for my daughter . Being somewhat of a `` game snob , '' I was somewhat skeptical of its merit . This game turned out to be quite a pleasant surprise ! It was quite enjoyable , reminiscent of those old Infocom games I played as a child . My three-and-a-half-year-old daughter absolutely loved it . She was glued to the computer for a month , and would probably have remained there longer if Christmas had n't come . As it is , she still revisits this game occassionally.This game has the following desirable features :1 . Replayability -- There are roughly 10 quests to solve , but only three appear in a given game . The final quest at the end also has a random element2 . Challenge -- These puzzles are not trivial for young children . Even Dad had to think for a minute or two on some of these puzzles .3 . Attention to detail -- Most things in this game will react when you click on them . This ties in with the replayability . For example , my daughter spent hours clicking on the monkey and squealing with delight when it reacted with disgust upon peeling bannanas full of bugs . This also kept the frustration levels low when the puzzles were too difficult for her to solve on her own .4 . Memory building -- I was amazed at how quickly my daughter caught on when I helped her solve puzzles . This game builds memory skills that will definitely prove useful in years to come
 I took a six and seven year-old to the kids ` section and the local public library where they stumbled across this amazing game . We devoted two hours and three computers to finding the conch horns and catching the culprit . Best yet , we each had over-lapping clues but entirely different outcomes . We would still be at the library now if not for time limits on the computer use . Delightful animation . Wonderful cooperative values , loveable characters and absolutely no violence.So refreshing and polished . I can only hope the creators of this game are alive and well and working on the next adventure .
 My son received this game as a gift on his fourth bithday , and still plays it on a regular basis ! That 's more than I can say for any toy or game he has ever owned . The ever-changing scenerios within the game keep it fresh and new every time he plays . I am still amazed that such a long and involved game can keep his attention for so long , and for so many times over . I credit that to the excellent animation , music , plot , and over-all challenge of the game . Although he has solved the mystery dozens of times over he still gets excited every time he does it again .
 Humongous Entertainment turns out consistently excellent software for kids . It 's very entertaining and very gentle , while requiring substantial cleverness from participants . I 've been buying HE titles for my kids since 1994 , and have n't yet been disappointed . My boys -LRB- now 6 and 7 -RRB- still play titles I bought 5 years ago.Freddi Fish and the Conch Shell is great , gentle entertainment for kids age 3 - 8 .
 My children -LRB- ages 3 and 5 -RRB- spend hours with this game . They do not get bored with it since the game changes each time they play . Great memory challenges and problem solving -- along with laughs -- as they unlock the mystery .
 My son started torturing the computer at the age of 2 , and still does three years later . We tried many games , but the software from Humongous is really the best , and the Freddi fish is a beatiful series of a crime/detective type . It 's wery well designed , kids have a feeling of interacting with an animation movie . We ended up having all F.Fs and Putt-putts -LRB- other series from Humongous -RRB- . Would advise to any parent to have it .
 As an avid card maker who enjoys creating graphic `` masterpieces '' for special events and people , I have dabbled in many different card-making programs , including newer programs such as Adobe Illustrator and such . However , a program easily over a decade old still takes the cake as the easiest card-maker I 've ever used ... Print Artist 8.0 . Basically , whatever you want to do , Print Artist 8.0 will accommodate you . In a rush and need a quick pre-made card ? Check . Want to start from scratch from a blank sheet of paper ? You 're covered there as well . Literally , anything you can imagine can be accomplished by this program . Plus , it is incredibly simple to use , even right from the get-go . When using Adobe Photoshop -LRB- or even the current Print Artist product -RRB- , for example , I felt completely lost and as if it would take me hours/days to be able to use the program even just at a basic level . Print Artist , however , is the exact opposite ... everything is laid out in a very comprehensive format that will suit even those who are n't all that tech-savvy . One sad note
 My 3 year old son loves Putt Putt ! He gets such a great feeling of accomplishment when he does all that he needs to do to get into the race ! I like it because the goal is not a competitive one where you have to `` WIN '' or `` LOSE '' . It 's more of a goal of getting the tools he needs to complete a certain job . It keeps him occupied for about an hour , which also gives me great opportunities to do housework , etc. without feeling like I 'm robbing him of the chance to do something he enjoys ! Also , it allows him to use his own creativity & problem solving skills , because he has to figure out how to get some of the items on the list . The greatest thing , though , is when he gets all the items & then goes to the race , he runs around the house laughing & saying `` Number 1 '' because he 's so proud of himeself !
 Putt-Putt is invited to participate in a race . He needs to collect four pieces of equipment to be in the race . By keeping his eyes open , earning some extra money , and helping others in cartown , he is able to gather those materials . My 3.5 yr-old son loves this game . The first few times he played the game , my husband and I played it with him , helping him think through some of the challenges and encouraging him to notice details that could help him towards his goals -LRB- e.g. , collecting pop bottles to recycle towards money for his racing tires -RRB- . This was especially important since Max ca n't read yet , so he would n't notice clues such as the `` free '' sign on the batteries in the toy store , or the `` help wanted '' sign at the grocery . After three or four games played with us , he was able to start playing the game independently . The challenges vary a little from game to game . Sometimes he earns a helmet by helping a cat out of a tree , other times by hammering nails . There is usually an animal to go research in the library -LRB- we help with the reading -RRB- . The game can be saved , which is great because when Max plays by himself he meanders a bit more through cartown and it helps to break the game up over two or three evenings . Putt-putt models polite language and a positive demeanor . There are no bad guys .
 If your child has played Reader Rabbit and JumpStart and is ready to move on to more advanced gameplay , Humongous Entertainment 's Putt-Putt series -LRB- and Freddi Fish and Pajama Sam , as well -RRB- are an excellent choice . These titles take the cognitive tasks up a notch as children must accumulate specific items , navigate a number of locations , and use their problem-solving skills to help their friends and achieve larger goals . Along the way , kind and gentle Putt-Putt and his dog Pep will meet a number of nice characters , visit a variety of interesting locations and play games as they complete the larger tasks . In Putt-Putt Enters the Race , the overarching goal is to collect the items needed so Putt-Putt can run in the big race , but along the way he will recycle bottles to collect money to buy his tires , visit the library to find out about an animal that needs help , etc. . Specifics change if you start a new game , and as other reviewers have stated , you may want to play with your child a few times before they 'll be able to enjoy it on their own , so each game is good for hours of fun.This is a fine game in a great series . We have 5 Putt-Putt titles and enjoy them all .
 Just like all of the other Humongous Entertainment games , and especially Putt-Putt , this game is terrificly entertaining . Putt-Putt , with his dog Pep , goes to enter the Cartown 500 . First , however , he 'll need some safety and racing gear . Kids learn strategic thinking , mapping , memory , emergency , basic research , and reading skills , manners , and much more in this colorful , fun game with pit stops along the way where kids can play racing pinball , shelf puzzle , maze , digging , and nailing . Hundreds of clickpoints and songs await children as they go through this delightful game that changes its puzzles when you restart ! If you like this game , try Putt-Putt Goes to the Moon , Joins the Parade , Saves the Zoo , and/or Travles Through Time .
 This is a great product that my 4 year old son loves . He really likes cars , especially racing cars . This product has a number of fun and educational activities to do before Putt Putt can enter the race . My son loves the race at the end , but he never rushes through the activities , because he has such a good time doing them as well . He particularly likes having to go to the garden maze and find different fruits and veggies . I 'd highly recommend this product .
 I dont know why but my children adore putt putt , I brought the verson with the toy car for my daughter for her fifth birthday because she loved putt putt , Her little brother -LRB- almost 3 -RRB- will not go anywhere without the toy and enjoys the game as much as she does.The game is well randomised and when my four children played the first time they all ended up with slightly different games , they still had to find the same four things but the number on the flag was different and the items were hidden in different places which made the game far more enjoyable . Three of the items have two different places that they can be found in giving slightly different story lines and there is usually two or three things that must be done first in order to obtain the required item . You must also earn coins by recycling bottles or fetching veges and fruit from the garden maze . The coins enable you to buy the tyres , to go to the car wash or to get a paint job . My daughter invaribly ends up with a blue car -LRB- her favorite colour -RRB- , my oldest has a green car and my youngest a yellow car -LRB- he does paint the car every other available colour but always leaves the paint shop with a yellow putt putt . -RRB- The children have a lot of fun just collecting the items and driving around cartown that the race at the end becomes an added bonus , my youngest doesnt worry abount winning he just likes to run into the ducks , the older three play till they come first.Just remember that this is a childs adventure game , that will help them to think and remember but is mostly just fun and every time they play the game is a little different .
 My son loves all the Putt-Putt and Freddi Fish and I 'm not ashamed to say I kinda like 'em too ! I am amazed at how well he learned to navigate and remember where items were . My mom is a retired elementary-school teacher and she is amazed at all the skills that this reinforces - math , reading , language , manners , problem-solving , listening , map reading , memory , music , etc. .
 My son is only 29 months and too young to really understand the game , but he still loves it . There 's enough stuff to just click on and look at . He loves driving around , picking up milk-shakes and soda bottles . He loves the library with the book of rare animals and loves putting different numbers on the flag.We figure he 'll just have fun now and in a year or two , he 'll actually play the game.I will say when he was busy doing something else , we kind of snuck in and removed a few obstacles for him . Okay , I 'll be honest . We did n't actually do it for him . My husband and I ca n't keep our hands off the game . And then my mother came over and she could n't stop playing either . + So , I 'll say it 's a great game whether you 're almost 2 1/2 or 55-years-old .
 My 4-year old son loves Putt-Putt ! I have to help him the first couple of times , but after that he has no trouble at all . I like that you have to really think and remember where things are . He does n't realize he 's learning good skills as well as having fun . I highly recommend all the Putt-Putt games .
 My 5 1/2 year old daughter has almost all of the Putt-Putt Series , and LOVES them ! Keeps her entertained for Hrs . by also teaching her different skills like memory and listening that she will benefit from as she grows . This is a Definite Recommendation for any child in this age group who loves to play computer games and learn !
 My daughters were 4 & 3 when we first got this game , and they still love it at ages 6 & 5 . They could sit and play this for hours ! It took Mom 's help to start - but then they were off & `` racing '' !! -LRB- Press the F1 key for game hints & instructions . -RRB- The game changes every time you play and builds memory and teaches thinking skills - but kids do n't realize that they are actually learning something ! It is a fun game and definately worth the money!I enjoy ALL of the Humongous/Infogrames games -- OH , so do my girls !! Ha Ha ! Freddi Fish , Putt Putt , and Pajama Sam have become my girl 's favorites ! They beg to play almost every night !! Definately a good buy ! Even up to age 8 or 9 should enjoy ! -LRB- I 'm 33 and I do !! -RRB- : - -RRB- 1smileycat : - -RRB-
 My son is 4 and loves this game . It 's easy enough for him to navigate around , yet challenging enough to keep him entertained .
 This game brings back great childhood memories!I totally recommend it to any parents son or daughter . Nice gameplay and not too stressful for a child .
 Most importantly , the program runs well . Gameplay is a logical sequence of events . My 7 year old girl really enjoyed this -LRB- and the other putt-putt 's too -RRB-
 Great game . My 8 year old and 3 year old girls love this game -LRB- even mom plays sometimes -RRB- . This game replaced another Putt Putt Enters the Race that cracked . The girls begged me to get another one !
 We have four Putt Putt games
 My grandchildren really have a lot of fun with this one . I have all of the Putt-Putt programs and they play them everytime they are at my house .
 My kid has all the Freddi Fish , Spy Fox , Pajama Sam & Putt-Putt titles.My kid loved the games since he was 4 years old.Humongous Entertainment did an excellent job.These games will challenge the intelligence of kids .
 100 % i like this software very much and also my family too .
 Any of the putt putt series !!!! i highly recomend all of themthe kids love them !
 I 've been a Humongous Entertainment fan I started of with putt-putt goes to the moon from my brother when he was young and I got into it so I started boughing more putt-putt games and I ended up with every putt-putt game -LRB- besides putt-putt enters the race -RRB- . I have putt-putt joins the race , goes to the moon , saves the zoo , joins the circes , pep 's birthday surprise and one of my faves putt-putt travels through time.Now I hope they make a nother putt-putt game thanks for lisening bye !!!
 This game is noted to be for ages 3-8 but as an adult I have to admit that I am enthralled with it . The game is never the same twice so you have to really go on a treasure hunt and while the amount of information given about the different time periods is limited the game forces you to put aside things you may need in your quest and think ahead to how they might be used to retrieve different objects for barter and exchange . While this sounds too advanced for most 3 year olds it keeps them stimulated plus has game times interjected into the action for pure amusement . There is even a virtual `` racquetball '' court ! Really , really valuable addition to our family pasttimes !
 Just great . Usually he gets bored pretty quickly with some of the kids computer games , but this one is fun and there are enough small details to keep him coming back to explore the game .
 Hiya , I 'm StoryMaker . I 'm a Sonic the Hedgehog fan and I bought Sonic R about a year ago . When I first played it , it was quite hard , but once you get the hang of it , it 's pretty easy . According to the user manual , Sonic the Hedgehog learns about a Grand Prix race being held . Sonic is not seriously interested in racing , but he does it anyway because his competition is his arch enemy , the evil genius Dr. Ivo `` Eggman '' Robotnik . Sonic loves nothing better than showing up Robotnik using his super speed abilities , so it 's time for racing ! This game has good gameplay and good characters . The main downside is that the game is quite short with only 5 levels . Luckily , the replay value is still good , complete with characters to unlock and chaos emeralds to earn . Unfortunately , I 'm not very good with unlocking characters because you have to get lots of tokens scattered across the level and still make it in 1st , 2nd or 3rd place and THEN race the character you 're going to unlock . Luckily , my older sister Russian Blue Witch unlocks them for me . The unlockable characters are a blast . They are robots made by Robotnik - Metal Sonic , Tails Doll , Metal Knuckles , and Eggbot -LRB- Egg-Robo -RRB- . You can also unlock Super Sonic , Sonic 's chaos-charged form , if you get enough chaos emeralds . All of the characters have their advantages and disadvantages -LRB- like how Knuckles is n't quite as fast as Sonic , but his maneuvering is pretty good -RRB- . However , another major downside is how every time you finish the Radiant Emerald level you have to see the credits ! There is no quick way to skip through the credits - you have to press a key AGAIN and AGAIN . Also , the graphics are notably BAD . Sure , the colors are bright , but all of the characters are chunked up . Sonic 's hands are cubes , the characters have points jutting up instead of being smooth , etc. . Eventually , you get over it , but at the start , I complained a bunch . Overall , Sonic R is a good game with great gameplay , just get past the annoying parts . If I could I would rather give this game 3 and 1/2 stars . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 When my sister first played this game it pretty hard . Scrap that . REALLY HARD ! However , it only took a few rounds to get over this so it 's no major loss . As for the game itself , it 's real good . Traveler 's Tales and SEGA did a wonderful job , the game plays simple but sweet , the songs are marvelous and I like the playable characters . On the topic of songs , they 're great , but the thing is , MOST OF 'EM ARE LOVE SONGS ! However , that 's extraordinarily minor , it does n't really matter . I like how every time you finish the final level , they show all the characters you 've unlocked running in a circle , though it is sort of annoying that they keep showing the credits over and over . Another annoying thing is whenever you 're playing Super Sonic or the robots you 're always racing against Super Sonic and the other robots . Also , unless you 're playing them , Sonic always tends to be in first , Knuckles in second , Tails in third , Robotnik in fourth , and Amy in last . However , these things are a bit minor and the rest of the game is so fun that I 'm still giving it 5 stars . Cheers , Chocolate Dog
 This game was one of the first ones I ever played . It does have only five tracks but there are so many different paths you can choose I beaten it over and over . One track has a weak point that alows you to cut accross half of the track -LRB- it is in the river -RRB- . There is even a cool reverse time attack where you run in reverse . there is even a time attack to find and burst 5 ballons . my favorite characters are metal sonic , metal knuckles -LRB- drool , drool I love this one -RRB- , and super sonic -LRB- impossible to sink -RRB-
 This game is awesome the music has lyrics and is good to . It is even XP compatible the only flaw the graphics arent so great but this game rocks .
 This game is a little too easy , but with all the secret characters , it 's sure to be a little more complex than a little kid 's game .
 I know this game is old , but it is so much fun!The music is catchy , addictive gameplay.I have so many fond memories with this game and everyone should buy it!Also probably a less buggy version is on sonic gems collection for the gamecube !
 When i first got this game , I thought it would stink.But when I played it I knew it was the best game ever !!! Dont just stop and think just get it !!!!!!!!!!!!! When you get this game you would want to chat about it all day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! P.S : Sometimes it can get very annoying .
 i got this with no idea whith sonic and could not play it due to system requierments but once i got it working it was great ! it has huge courses , total control , and the best music on the planet because the music has words ! try to get it for saturn because i heard it was beter but the PC is the only one i played because i got it when N64 was popular . the only reason i did not give it 5 is because the controls do not work well on PC but all in all i love this game sssssssssoooooooo much that one day i spent 5 hours playing it !
 You know , when I first picked up this game , when I was about 2 years old , I was a die-hard fan , and to this day , at 13 , I still am . I found this game last month , layered in dust , because I was going through `` Sonic Withdrawl '' , and remembered how hard it was when I was 2 . I hesitated at first but decided to play it again . I was blown away ! With an unlockable course and 6 unlockable characters , I could ` nt put it down ! I already beat it and unlocked Super Sonic O.O.This game is a MUST MUST MUST get for your Sonic die-hard fan !!! The graphics ... not exactly `` awesome '' but it was great for the time!But either way ; this is the ultimate Sonic PC game I 've ever played.And , if you want to give your child a `` Sonic Holiday '' I stongly suggest you buy Sonic CD , also , BUT Sonic CD is NOT comatible with Windows XP ! -LRB- Trust me
 Hey everybody . The first day that I picked this up and played this on the PC , I was just truley blown away . I look back on it now , and it blows me even MORE . The graphics are completley polished , it 's compatible with the new Windows Xp operating system , has most EVERY Sonic character in it , such as Super Sonic and Amy , the two-player split-screen rocks , and you can even play with a friend -LRB- s -RRB- in a network ! HOW COOL IS THAT!I 'm telling you , the first chance you get , BUY THIS GAME !
 I liked this game from the first time i played and that was when it came out a few years ago . I think that the music was what attracted me in the first place when it came out . The music is real and actually has real lryics to go along with it . I Also like the fact that its a racing game , but you 're on foot !! The game is n't very long or hard but is pretty entertaining and gets better when you get the hang of it .
 A great game it was worth buying . Great images and musicfive stars .
 I could play this game hours upon end . I remember the day I Got all of the characters , stages , and Chaos Emeralds . This game is a classic .
 This game is pretty good , but has too few race tracks -LRB- 5 -RRB- . It 's a racing game with sonic characters , who have all of their abilities . You race on loop-de-loops and over water . The tracks are pretty expansive and the fastest path is never obvious . The graphics are pretty good . You can unlock better characters by picking up coins or emeralds and placing , then beating the character , which is somewhat difficult . The 5 race tracks are the worst part ; this game is n't good for very long . I recommend this game for people who like racing games , particularly open ones without a set track .
 I too , never owned a Saturn during it 's `` glory '' years , and because of that I missed out on Sonic 's R and 3D . Huge cheers to Sega then , for bringing both to the PC - sooner or later it really needed to happen.Sonic R is a curious little racer . The controls are initially a little tricky due to the incredibly fast pace -LRB- p300 + owners might be better off playing this in software just to slow the damn thing down - it was _ too _ fast on my k6-2 300 even with my humble voodoo2 , let alone with my k6-2 450 -RRB- , but it did n't take long to get used to them . Further as most of the characters run on foot , it takes a while to realise that you can go almost anywhere . Great stuff!The graphics are very rich and colourful , if somewhat simple compared to todays ' 3D heavyweights -LRB- including Sonic Adventure -RRB- , and all the racing tracks -LRB- except perhaps for the finale -RRB- have many little secret areas and short cuts . With gamepad in hands and my amp blasting those tunes out as loud as possible , it was n't long before I was snatching gold medals and getting all the Chaos Emeralds . Therein however , lies Sonic R 's two major flaws
 I have heard about the `` Tails Doll '' and I thought I should get the game to prove that he is REAL . also i hear it is a great game , too .
 I am 7 years old and I love Spyfox Dry Cereal because I like detective games and I like solving mysteries . This my first spyfox game and it is great . You start at the greek island and go on some mystery solving adventures . The game has 2 parts . Part one is in the city and part 2 takes you to the secret lab . You have to solve the mysteries by getting clues and using spy gadgets . You have to find things , you have to figure out ways to do things , and you have to be sneaky and quick . If you like detective games you will like spyfox . My mom just ordered a new spyfox game for me , Spyfox Ozone .
 My boys and I really enjoy this game . It has four different combinations to solve the game and it took us a bit to realize we could catch the evil villian at the end . It does kick us out every once in awhile -LRB- not sure if its the computer - it 's kinda old -RRB- , so we 've learned to save our game as we go . Great tool to learn to listen !
 My granddaughter loved this game . She is 5 and played it at least a half dozen times while visiting . She thought the game was just challenging enough for her .
 I love playing this game . I enjoy solving the complex problems . I love helping other characters in the game.Talib Hakim
 This was a game I played countless times throughout my childhood , made possible by the variations in plot that occur every time you start a file . My friends and I loved the whole SPY Fox series far past the recommended age limit , and I have nothing but praise for this creative , funny , and challenging game that forced us to be creative and think outside the box . I recommend `` Dry Cereal '' and both sequels to any child who likes an interactive , fun learning game . An amazing series !
 Grandma Grouper 's kelp seeds have been stolen ! Freddi , along with Luther , must find the thieves and give back the kelp seeds before all of the sea life starves . This is Freddi 's first game , so it 's not quite as advanced as the others , but it 's still fun and has lots of surprizes . If you liked this game , you 'll probably like SPY Fox , Pajama Sam , Putt-Putt , or other Freddi Fish games .
 As a toddler , I fell in love with Freddi . When my parents first boght me this game , I used to play it at night with a little help from them . Grandma Grouper 's kelp seeds have been stolen ! with a little help from Freddi and Luther , you can find the kelp seeds . This game has spooky music , and Freddi nd Luther look very different , and speek differently , but give em ' a break it 's one of the first games they created . Anyways , I 've memorized my way through the game by now , but I still play it . I 'm past age eight , but Freddi is fun for all ages -LRB- and Luther , too -RRB- . So even when your nearing 12 or 13 , this game will give you hours of fun , and dozens of fond memories . it 's truly not a waste of your money .
 these are fun to play and yet they are using the things they are learning in school
 My kids love this game and fight over the computer to play it.Nor do they know how much they are geting from the game .
 Despite the title , this game is the third , because of the one and one halfth arcade wedged in between the first and second . In this game , a ghost is haunting the schoolhouse and frightening little guppies . You need to build a trap for it . You go around watching movies , playing games , and singing songs as breaks to solving the ever-changing puzzle of how you can find all of the pieces to the trap . Kids will love this game , and parents will love it , too ! Kids will learn mapping , problem solving , and social friendship , while having a lot of fun ! The age group is what I would call underestimated because even kids much above age 8 can enjoy it ! There 's a lot of calypso music in the backround that is fun to listen to ! -LRB- Unfortunatly , the disc is not CD player compatible , so you have to listen to the music on your computer . -RRB- You should buy this game , but you can also get it in `` A World of Fun and Learning First Grade Edition '' . If you liked this game , you 'll love Freddi Fish 1 , 3 , 4 , and any other sequels that may be released ! You 'll also probably like Putt-Putt , Pajama Sam , and SPY Fox games .
 If you have not caught on to Freddi , take a second look . This is an interactive game that is age appropriate and lots of fun . The child directs Freddi and his buddy through the waters in an attempt to gather all the makings of trap such that a fake ghost can be revealed . It teaches problem solving skills and hold the interest of a child -LRB- and adults -RRB- throughout.We are buying our second Freddi CD this holiday season .
 Our 4 year-old daughter received this product for Christmas . She has been playing it almost daily for a month . Each games varies just enough to keep her interested . She enjoys searching for clues as well as playing the games along the way -LRB- `` writing '' on the chalkboard , watching movies -RRB- . She needed some assistance the first few times but now is able to play on her own . This is the best software that she has and we will definitely be purchasing some of the other Freddie Fish games .
 Most people think kids ' sequel are a bad idea , like Cinderella 2 . But this game is different.As other people have said , it 's a great game.My friend ca n't wait to come over and play it.And do n't get mad if you get stumped the first time.That 's what happend to me.You 'll figure it out .
 Grandkids love these games , and I like them too . Makes them use their problem-solving skills without realizing they 're learning .
 Very happy . Product was shipped quickly and just as described .
 I 'm 18 and have almost all of the Freddi the Fish games and injoyed them all I have 3 Putt Putt Games 1 Pagmea Sam Game I may be way to old for them but the games are fun I have Feddi The Fish and the missing keeple Seeds , Freddi The Fish and the case of the stolen Conch Shell , Freddi the fish and the hounted School House and Freddi the Fish 4 and I got vere execred when I heard there making Freddi the Fish 5 I cant wate to git that one I love these games Becase I dont like Rated M Games or Teen Games I just like fun kids games becase there vere fun and exeding to play I 'm just an 18 year old who loves Pokemon and Digimon and Kid Games I 'm not the tipe who whiches and play M games and shows I just love kid shows and games.I seen Rated M games and I 'm not even ensedt in them one other game I have is Blues Birthday and it 's so fun to play
 I 've used MyPDF Maker for several months . In the past , I used Adobe Acrobat Pro extensively but my new office ca n't afford it . MyPDF Maker works well from every application that I 've tried it . I would prefer to have Acrobat Pro , but given the pricing difference , I 'll continue using MyPDF Maker . It does a more than satisfactory job .
 Great software , installed easily ! I would n't purchase it from Amazon though , considering you can get it from the manufacturer 's site at $ 29.95 -LRB- download -RRB- . Neat interface makes even the lowest level of experience be able to benefit from it .
 This is a great program . It does all that it promises . I 'm only sad that I discovered it so late . I have purchased at least eight other `` first '' grade programs , but this one is by far the best . There is so much to do , yet your child is not overwhelmed . All the games are fun , my daughter especially likes the barnyard music keyboard and the storybook in the reading room -LRB- sort of a play on the mad-libs of old -RRB- . Children do not have to wait too long to be rewarded , ` smart-stars ' are given out generously.Since this is an older program , it may be somewhat difficult to find . But if you can , buy it ! It will not dissapoint .
 On a whim , I picked up this CD for my 3 year-old grandson never having any idea what an amazing piece of programming it really is!He took to it like a fish to water , even solving problems that the grown-ups missed . Once he solved everything , I assumed that the fun would be over . Wrong ! That just let him into another level which he immediately began solving . I have no idea how many levels have been included and wo n't know until he 's solved them all.Even the credits are pure entertainment . Do n't miss them ! And do n't miss out on this incredible series . I 've just now ordered every other Putt-Putt CD that 's available through Amazon .
 My kids play this game in long stretches at a time ! Tho not as good as Putt Putt Enters the Race , it is still a good one ! Worth the money ! These games teach the kids to think - but they think they are just playing a game and having fun ! Press F1 key to get hints for the game . Enjoy !! 1smileycat : - -RRB-
 Putt-Putt Saves The Zoo is great for any child that loves animals . You need to help find the lost baby animals and find tools to help you along the way . I played it first to help find the tools . My 6 and 3 year old have fun finding the tools , animals and riding the water rapids . -LRB- a favorite for both . -RRB- It is fun to play and my 3 year old can play independantly .
 My daughter loves this game . She started toying around with it around age 4 , and still plays it at age six . A good starter adventure game for the young child you want to expose to your home computer , and a good learning tool .
 I 've played this great game many times with my four year-old , and we both love it ! It 's loads of fun , with some really good humor , and offers plenty of variety to hold her interest . Rescuing the lost baby animals spread throughout the park presents some definite challenges , and she was thrilled the first time she succeeded in getting them all home to their parents . I would recommend this to anyone looking to give their kids a friendly and thought provoking introduction to the computer . It will make your child smile while learning , which is high praise in my book . Congrats to Humongous Entertainment - this game is a winner!There 's one thing I do n't get , maybe someone here can clue me in . How does one use the camera to take a picture of the animals ? During the game , Putt Putt says to save the film for when the zoo 's going to open , but the one time my daughter rescued every animal , the game ended without her getting a chance to use it , which was a disappointment , and detracted from her excitement at finishing .
 This game , besides it 's colorfulness and cute characters , is a simple game that small children -LRB- and some old -RRB- will enjoy . The game requires no strategy , just exploring , discovering , and a certain amount of thought , depending on your age . Your goal in the game is to rescue baby animals that have spread to different parts of the zoo . Of course , you also have to complete a very easy task to get them within reach , such as throw down a rope , lure them , and things such as that . I think this game would most likely be a favorite of little ones , since most small children are fascinated by animals . Putt-Putt is a cute character , and in this game , you can paint him different colors ! When I was younger , I used to have quite a bit of fun changing his color . But my personal favorite feature of the game is that once you buy a camera , you can take pictures of the animals ! I loved playing photographer and taking pictures in each area I went to , then looking at all the pictures I 'd taken in Putt-Putt 's photo album . You can also print the pictures , which I 've done a few times . I only wish that you could save , because when I was little , I got far on the game but had to turn it off , erasing all of my work.Overall , I 'd say this is a cute game that little ones will love ! I ca n't guarentee older ones will , but I know Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo is a very family-based game that I would gladly let my little ones play -LRB- if I actually had kids and was n't one myself -RRB- .
 Putt-Putt adventures are great learning , problem solving , memory enhancing games for the younger set . Our twins are 4 1/2 and they love to find the clues and get the baby animals back to their mothers so the Zoo can open . It is challenging as well as fun , and you have to use your mind rather than just sit and `` shoot the aliens '' or such .
 My 4 year old girl loved it . She was able to navigate it herself and stayed motivated to rescue baby animals and return them to their parents and habitat . Of course we 'll be onto the next Putt Putt game .
 Putt Putt saves the zoo was my kid 's altime favorite kids computer game . It is extremely imaginative , makes your child think , is beautifully drawn , and is truly an awesome game . I highly recommend it for the younger set .
 My four year old daughter loves it ! She played it over and over again . She still goes back to it now and then . You learn about animals , the puzzles are chalanging but fun , and there is a guest spot from other Humongus characters . Learning can be fun . Go ahead and buy it . You and your kids will wo n't regret it .
 This was my childhood game and I absolutely loved it !! I was going through all my old old games and this brought back some many nice memories ! Your kids will love it -LRB- :
 My kids all have loved this game , lots of different things to do . I would definetly recommend this item and most of the other putt putt games ! Learning in a fun and challenging way . though Putt putt the race car has been are favorite !
 This is a very fun game , BUT it does n't work on 64 bit Windows 7 . Nothing works , not even changing compatibility mode.If you are using an older version of Windows I highly recommend this game . This is actually my second purchase . I first purchased this game for my now 17 year old when she was only 3 - it was her first game like it and we both fell in love with it . I now have a 3 and a 5 year old and had to have these games for them . Of course , they love them as well.The only Putt-Putt game I can get to work with Windows 7 is `` Putt-Putt Joins the Circus '' . We have to use a very old computer to run this particular episode of Putt-Putt .
 My son loves this game . He plays it at pre-school , he likes it so much he asked me to buy one for him to play at home .
 If you are considering getting this for a child of yours to keep them entertained , then look no further . I , for one , was basically raised on the HE games , with Putt Putt being the forerunner . I quite literally spent hours just replaying through the game , and each time I was filled with a sense of accomplishment that any child deserves . The price listed on Amazon is certainly a good deal , and should n't be ignored .
 From the original songs performed in it , to the good story line , this is an excellent choice for younger children . My favorite of this series .
 Putt Putt is a small car who has to go around the zoo looking for the lost baby animals . After you find them , you have to help them get out of their `` jam '' . By clicking on objects , you find tools that you can use.This game is designed for little kids , ages 4 + , but the kids in my house love it through adulthood . It is simple enough for beginners to explore and challenging enough for older kids . The minigames make it fun to play over and over . I recommend this game to everyone I know ...
 My son had lots of fun playing this game , but there are not multiple games within this version . Newer versions can be played over and over with multiple outcomes . When you have played this game once , you know the whole game . My son enjoys it nonetheless , but does not ask to constantly play it like he does with Putt-Putt Enters the Race .
 We wore out the first copy , and my daughter begged me for another . So I repurchased the game . That should clue you in to how much fun the game is to kids . Grownups would find the game boring because it has only a few tasks/problems to solve to get to the end of the game , and once you complete all the tasks it 's boring to do over again . However , my daughter who is six years old loves redoing the game .
 This is an incredible bargain . This was a state-of-the-art graphics/game package when we bought it for our kids in '94 or '95 -- and it 's such a great game that our 5-year-old still plays it ! Really a fun story -- great characters , lots of fun adventures , good music . Lots of games hidden within the adventure . Our kids have liked all of the Humongous titles -LRB- Fatty Bear , Putt Putt , Freddi Fish -RRB- , and they are just incredible bargains when Humongous takes their price down after a couple of years . A ca n't - miss purchase .
 This was the first childrens software I bought for mykids . They loved it ! I must admit , I love it also . This is anexcellent interactive game . Now my 3 year old is addicted to all of Putt Putt and Freddi Fish games . He especially loves the songs that are everywhere in the game.You must see this game to experience it . Children love the bright colors and great sounds . There are differences in the game each time it is played . My 5 and 6 year old occasionally play along with my 3 year old . I recommend this software to anyone with children . The price that Amazon is selling it for is Excellent . You will not regret it , and your children will thank you !
 In this game Putt-Putt has to reunite the baby animals with their parents in the new Car Town zoo . It helps develop problem solving skills . It is also entertaining . I enjoyed playing it with my daughter . If fact , she had played alot of it on her own so she showed me how to play it . A children 's game is well written when a 5 year old can start it , play it and then expain it to an adult without a problem . Hats off to Humongous Entertainment .
 This game is a load of colorful , music filled fun ! There are a million Freddi Fish and Fatty Bear cameos , and there is more than enough info about animals . Putt-Putt has to find all the baby animals so the zoo can open . Click on and try everything ! There 's so much to do ! This game teaches logical problem solving skills , and some animal facts , too . I loved this game ! If you liked this game , try other Putt-Putt games , and maybe Freddi Fish , Fatty Bear , Pajama Sam , and SPY Fox , too .
 My kids love this game . It is challenging and fun . It encourages creative problem solving and gives the child a wonderful sense of accomplishment when he or she achieves each goal of saving lost baby animals at the zoo . Do n't miss this one !
 If your child has played beginning software like JumpStart and is ready to move on to more advanced gameplay , Humongous Entertainment 's Putt-Putt series -LRB- and Freddi Fish and Pajama Sam , as well -RRB- are an excellent choice . These titles take the cognitive tasks up a notch as children must accumulate specific items , navigate a number of locations , and use their problem-solving skills to help their friends and achieve larger goals . Along the way , kind and gentle Putt-Putt and his dog Pep will meet a number of nice characters , visit a variety of interesting locations and play games as they complete the larger tasks.In Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo , the overarching goal is to reuntie baby animals with their parents so that the zoo can open , but along the way he will perform a variety of smaller tasks . I would say that the best titles in this series are Putt-Putt Enters the Race and Putt-Putt Joins the Circus , but this one is very good too.This is a fine game in a great series .
 I 'd like to rate this higher than a 5 ! In this game , you have to search around the zoo for 6 baby animals that have wandered out of their respective pens/habitats . So you also have to click on things to collect and play games along the way that will help you in your search . My son is 2-1/2 and the guidance says Ages 3-8 for this game , but I really enjoy playing it with him and teaching him to have fun `` figuring things out '' . Although , I also enjoy watching him sit here at this computer -LRB- very recently -RRB- in his booster chair so he can reach the mouse comfortably and do all the moves and clicking and rescuing all by himself . Pausing at the parts he really enjoys -LRB- like eating cotton candy at the vending cart just inside the zoo entrance -RRB- . Great Game - and also I highly recommend Putt Putt Travels Through Time . Enjoy your kids !!!
 My daughter is 4 years old and let me tell you - she can not get enough of this game . I play along with her and we both just love it . It is very educational and promotes much cognitive thinking . A must have !
 My son just borrowed Putt-Putt Saves the Zoo from a friend . The game sends the player on an adventure through about 20 locations divided into three sections of the zoo . In each section , the player locates baby animals who require items found in other locations in the zoo to rescue them . While it may seem that so many locations would be difficult and time consuming for a young child to navigate , the layout is straightforward and each location has a distinctive look.My only complaint is that my 4.5 year old initally saved all of the animals with an hour . Unfortunately , the challenges do not change from game to game . You always find the same animal in the same location and use the same tools -LRB- found in the same locations -RRB- to rescue him/her . That said , my son still loves challenging himself to see how quickly he can get through it now and there are a few cute little hidden games within the game .
 Smart people working for a smart company making smart software !
 Very cute PC game . Entertaining for both my son and I as he wants me to sit and play with him . Catchy tunes . We hum `` going to the Zoo '' often . Not a scholastic learning game but does require thought process . We also have Putt Putt 's Peps birthday cd . Will buy more Putt Putt games for Christmas .
 I was browsing when I saw this . I played with this literally every day when I was little . So I tried it again and it was fun . It 's really creative and it 's great for if you love animals . It 's challenging for little ones , and has cute and great graphics .
 What a joy to play ! All three of my grandchildren -LRB- ages 4 , 5 , and 6 -RRB- love this game . They play it over and over . It 's a great tool to teach them problem solving while having fun . The pictures that they can print are great too . And it 's a great way for the four year old to learn how to control the mouse ! I 'll have to admit that the songs really grow on you -LRB- especially the Topiary animals -RRB- . Who could imagine that a four year old would add the word `` topiary '' to her vocabulary from a computer game .
 my daughter is 5 and she loves this game . It requires thinking and also has fun games . The first time I had to help her getting all the tools and babies , now she only wants to play on her own . The best part is that it is a short game , can be completed in less than an hour !
 WE LOVE THIS GAME . GET PUTT PUTT OR GO TO HELLOWEEN .
 this game is a lerning game and a fun game all in one full of music and adventure it is by far one of the best putt-putt games youre kids will love it i recimend that even if they have not learnd to use the mouse you let them point where they want you to click
 I was able to create a great gift with this product ! Item was exactly as described , and the software was very easy to install and use . The only thing to be aware of is that the long printable cover for the 5x7 book is only able to be used in certain printers . The 8x10 version of the long cover is only able to be printed with certain other printers -LRB- not the same ones as the 5x7 -RRB- . I happen to have 2 printers , so was able to print it , but they do have a good single sheet option for the cover if you do n't have the right printer . I would definitely buy this product again !
 I enjoyed using this kit . It creates a very nice , hardbound book to share with friends and family . My teenager has used a couple of these to make school projects . The teachers gave her excellent grades each time , so it was money well spent . The software is very easy to use , although you will find that you are trapped in their templates . You ca n't do much to change them if you want a bigger font , for instance . However , the templates are quite good , so this is n't as negative as it might seem.I do wish Epson had included something for the backs of the photos . As it is , the backs of the photographs actually say `` Kodak '' . I have used some of my scrapbooking skills to attach another color paper to the back and add a bit more journaling there.The cover can be tricky unless you have Epson brand printers . There was another brand available , but I do n't remember it . They do include extra photo paper that you will use to make very acceptable covers . However , with the correct Epson , you can actually print on the cover itself , which will include the bookflaps , front and back cover and spine.We enjoyed using this and are planning something cool for Mother 's Day .
 This is a wonderful product for someone who is not into scrapbooking , to me that is a waste of time . This product allows you just add your photos and print , and it has a scrapbook appeal . The only problem that i have found was trying to reprint a book that i made in 8x10 into 5x7 mode and that was only the front cover and i couldnt spend alot of time on figuring out how . This really gives someone who puts their pics on the computer to have the ability to just click and print , but print a whole book . For me wouldnt have my sons first baby book done.I hope this helpsRose
 I loved this product . For an amateur computer user and photographer I was able to follow the instructions and completed my very own custom book . The results were absolutely beautiful and I was very happy with the end product . I did n't use the cover for my book . It was for my husband and I thought the exterior was great just the way it was . I added gold letters from a scrapbook store for the title . I was very pleased and will probably make other books for families and friends . My husband loved it !
 I love to buy and play software games with my girls . This wasreally a challenging game for kids and adults to play . Some of the puzzles were complex yet they gave you enough clues to help you figure it out -LRB- eventually ! -RRB- . But besides the fun complexity of each puzzle , there was something to learn about for every animal and plant you encountered . I give a big thumbs up for this one !
 This game lives up to all the wonderful reviews it has gotten . There is a lot of variety of things to do , and different ways to approach solving the puzzles.But ... it 's an older game , and really wants you to be running QuickTime 2 . If you do n't wish to backtrack to an older version -LRB- I think we 're on , what , v. 8 now ? -RRB- , you wo n't be able to play it . I happen to have a computer that has been offline for several years , and the game plays just fine on that .
 My two youngest grandsons think that this Uncle Albert series is the best in the world . The 6 yr . old can even help figure out some of the puzzles , and the 11 yr . old is great with the -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00005QC1Z Uncle Albert 's Magical Album -RSB- necessary quick-aim parts . We all have a great time playing these games . It has given me a common meeting ground for these two boys that their single mother does n't have time for . Thanks so much !
 A while ago , before OS X was released , my mum and I saw this in a Noodle-Kid-Doodle store . It was only $ 10 so we decided to get it . As soon as I got home , I played it and fell in love with it . I recently re-discovered it and still love playing every puzzle.It is pure magic how well the game runs on mac . No matter how many PC 's I have tried , it does n't quite run as well as my macs . I love how challenging the puzzles are , yet each time you find one , if you think , you see exactly what you need to do.I am quite disappointed it was discontinued , but everything ends up that way . Truly a magical , mystical , and fun game if you have kids . I recommend this all the way .
 I played this a lot when I was a little girl . The plot is
 We find that this is a wonderful way to make a history of visits with our children and grandchildren and give to them so their memories stay fresh . We ca n't visit them as often as we would wish due to distances involved and this is a great way to keep relationships meaningful . Great product and easy to use .
 This is a lot of fun to use , even for a novice like me . The process is interactive and very forgiving . My only issue is that my printer a HP does letter size which is larger than the 8 by 10 the book requires .
 I saw the ad for this in a magazine and decided to try it for a Father 's Day gift . The software takes up a lot of space , but the program is very easy to use.I have a Lexmark inkjet printer and was able to print the glossy cover without any problems.The photo pages also came out really well , although I printed those at Kinkos for better quality.The pages were easy to bind into the book and it really looks professional.I will be using this again and again . My only complaint/comment is that I wish they sold the hard bound books and pages seperately so more books could be made with the program .
 This kit actually exceeded my expectations . I was able to produce a professional product in a few hours time . Make sure you have edited your pictures prior to starting your project . The software was easy to install and easy to use . The instruction booklet was complete and easy to understand . There are several album templates included in the software . The only thing that frustrated me was the inability to change the oreintation of a photo on the page layout . You end up having to choose your photos somewhat based on the openings on the different page layouts . If I was taking pictures of an event with the intention of making one of these books I would make sure I took pictures in both landscape and portrait orientations.The quality of the paper provided is excellent , the book is sturdy and they provide extra sheets in case you make a mistake . Make sure you print the draft pages and go over them carefully prior to printing.A great product !
 This is a easy way to put together a photo album or write your own story book with your own pictures . Note that the pages are heavy photo paper and printable on just one side .
 The Epson Storyteller is an excellent product ! I have used it for numerous scrapbook projects . It 's very easy to use and the only time I 've had trouble with it is getting it to print the storyteller long paper for the cover , because I do n't have a printer that 's compatible with that . Other than that , it 's great !
 I read the other reviews and have to say that I loved the storyteller . I use an epson printer and it was n't hard to print . It works better when you use the user defined custom setting to print the cover instead of the panoramic . I also printed the pages borderless and it looks like I sent it out to a professional printing service . Thanks Epson
 I love this product . I do n't know why it 's so hard to find in stores . It 's easy to create a picture book and the memories are forever .
 I bought the Epson Storyteller 8x10 10page scrapbook kit and was very pleased with my purchase . I recieved it in perfect condition and within the time esimated . Thank You !
 Sam is back and must confront his fears and stop Thunder and Lightning as Pajama Sam . Along the way , he messes up the weather and needs to find four machine pieces to put it back in order . Lots of clickpoints , extras , animations , and silliness make this a classic ! If you liked this game , you 'll probably like other Pajama Sam games and SPY Fox , Freddi Fish , and Putt-Putt games .
 I bought this as a computer supplement to our homeschool K. It 's fun , bright , and easy , with a ton of different lessons . My son finds it entertaining enough to practice the skills I 'm wishing him to learn . My only problem with it is it 's difficult to navigate sometimes . Still , overall , I 'm glad I bought it over some of the other K programs we had tried .
 I know my 4 year old is a little advanced for kindergarten . I think this game could be a little more challenging . The game does have several activities to choose from . It even has a game where they can decipher from a pile of trash which can be recycled or not . My daughter does enjoy the game she will play for several hours . She is so proud of herself and runs to me every time she earns a super star . It has been a few weeks now and she still loves the game . I just wish it would take the level more challenging for example it has a game where there is a clam that opens and an object is sitting inside . There are about 5 fish 3 of them spell the word of the object sitting in the clam . and 2 fish are floating above the game part is one of the letters in the word is missing and the child has to find the missing letter in the remaining fish and place it where it belongs . My daughter can sit on that particular part of the game for hours without missing one and the level has remained the same -LRB- one missing letter to a three letter word -RRB-
 Even though this disc is mostly for those who are running newer PCs , it works fine on older ones too . We got this back in 1998 after we had gotten a newer computer and needed newer compatible versions of these games -LRB- we had Putt-Putt Joins the Parade and Fatty Bear 's Birthday Surprise , but not Putt-Putt Goes to the Moon . -RRB- Included on the CD are the 1995 Windows versions -LRB- designed for Windows 3.1 and higher , but they also work really well on Windows XP -RRB- , the Macintosh versions -LRB- you would need an older Mac capable of running Mac OS 9 or a Macintosh G4 running OS X Panther or Tiger that is capable of using the `` Classic '' mode to do so -RRB- , and believe it or not , the original MS-DOS versions of the early 1990s ! I imagine these were included if one could not run the 1995 updated versions on an older PC , but could run the DOS versions fine.If you plan to run these on Linux or on a much newer Macintosh computer , you would need to download the ScummVM open-source game emulator program -LRB- it 's a free download -RRB- , as these old HE games used the Scumm engine , and run really well . The main differences between the updated Windows versions and the older DOS versions -LRB- at least when played on ScummVM -RRB- is that the DOS versions use MIDI music instead of compressed digital music files like the Windows versions do -LRB- on ScummVM you get excellent results with the music when running the MIDI music off your computer 's sound card -RRB- , and the DOS version has larger yellow cursors instead of the smaller standard white cursors , but other than that , they are pretty much identical and the gameplay is exactly the same.These games are still great for younger kids , and in addition , there is always some sort of variation each time you play , so it is n't always exactly the same every time -LRB- for example , Baby Beep will always look different , Fatty Bear must look for the missing `` HAPPY BIRTHDAY '' sign letters in different places each time , and you would need a different key each time to get in the rocket on the moon . -RRB-
 Dressing up my photos has never been easier . Professor Franklin 's Instant Photo Effects has some real neat edges and frames - the effects that made my photos look better in a flash . I really liked the easy to see previews . I love this Program and have recommended it to all of my friends and family . Thanks for a great product Amazon !
 Vegas Pro is everything the manufacturer says it is and more . Key for me was that it is a non-destructive editor , meaning if you want to cut , you can do so instantly , then only render when you 're ready to output . If you 're cutting narrative especially , this alone is worth the price . It also scrubs , great for cutting . It is also a fully featured mixer for windows . If protools has not worked for you because it 's mac , or because it uses it 's own unique conventions , you 'll like Vegas ' adherence to windows conventions . It behaves like it ought to , it 's easy to use -LRB- if you understand the concepts of audio engineering such as signal paths , bus structures , etc. -RRB- and is totally a professional tool of great utility and value . I use it with a digidesign audiomedia III , but any high quality sound card will do . I 'm running it on NT4 .0 / SP5 with no problems .
 This is an unbelievable CD package . It gives a true x-sitcther the ablilty to create an individual masterpiece without spending extra money on book after book and still not getting what they want . It has a very wide selection of colors and enables you to get just the pattern you want when you want it !!!!!!!
 The reason I was interested in this program was because I am trying to print out sheets of wallets , 4x6s , 5x7s etc of my son . He 's 2 years old and we have a million family members and friends that want his picture . I have every major graphics program , including Adobe Photoshop , Paint Shop Pro , Corel Draw , and various others that are great for editting . The truth is that they all lack a way to print layout of pictures . . sure after a lot of hassle you can set your printer to print 4x6s ... but it just is n't as easy as Photo Print Gold . You choose the layout you want , click it , add a picture . Simple . Pay no attention to Hector 's review below ... receiving illegal operation errors indicates low system resources -LRB- too many programs running in most cases -RRB- and stating that their computer is new really makes no difference . My computer is 3 years old and it runs the program just fine . Actually , I got an illegal operation while using it once , but then right after that I got the same error in Netscape . So that does n't indicate a problem with Photo Print Gold , and I think I know what I 'm talking about since I 'm a support technician for DELL . Trust me , this program is great . Like the box said , I was printing photos in less than 10 minutes .
 I don , t know very much about computers but when I got this prgram It was very easy to do . I love all the different layouts you can choose from . And how you just click and your photo is put into the right spot . You don , t have to mess with sizing the picture to the spot . I also love the way you can do the same picture all at once . I love this program . Thank you !
 Professor Frankin 's Photo Print Gold is great ! I was very surprised at how easy it was to use -LRB- load and go -RRB- and am happy that I finally found a program that lets me easily print more than one picture or different photos on one page . I 'm having a blast using this software and have recommended Photo Print Gold to my family and friends . Thanks Amazon for a great product .
 I have owned and used this software for years ! There is nothing else out there like this at all ! Complete begginers will find it easy to use and the more you use it the better you will get ! This program really shines with the use of a pallet and pen instead of a mouse . I have kept my original version and run it under windows 7 just fine . The concept is very simple but difficult to explain . Great artists tool !
 I have now been using this product for several months . It is an incredible tool to explore the meaning of the original Biblical languages . I have never had any tool help me so much with my understanding of the Greek text found in the New Testament . It has been a tremendous help in my course work .
 After Nolo Press received my review , I was contacted by their customer service department . I was told that since the software did not meet my needs , they would gladly refund my money . I purchased the software from Amazon and no longer had the receipt , but that was not an issue for the folks at Nolo Press . Nolo Press customer service gets 5 stars !
 I read the initial review of Personal Record Keeper 5 by Suzanne Whalen , and so was hesitant to go ahead and purchase this , even though other reviews I 've read have been so positive . Then I read her next updated review , and felt I had to write . Finally , a software company that cares about it 's customers-how refreshing !!! It is nice to know that if a product is n't what you expected that a company is not only understanding , but proactive in making it right . It 's too bad customer service for most software and computer companies is a lost art . I will not hesitate to buy any Nolo products in the future !!
 This product is definitely worth what you pay for it . I purchased the product from another retailer a few years agoand use Personal Record Keeper as the end to all means to document financial records , personal information , and keepa general ledger for all of my accounts.It is best used as an organizer for any assets one may have then distribute a copy of the database to interested parties . Those interested parties can be trustees , executors , relatives , or even your insurance agents to inform them of your possessions , how to access them , and where to locate them when needed especially in case of an emergency.The only real limitation is that you can not add pictures to an account , the software is old and probably no longer supported -LRB- if you should ever need support for such a simple program -RRB- , no dedicated entry for an item 's serial number -LRB- however , one can use another text column -RRB- , and I have not tried the program on Vista nor Windows 7 as of yet!There are many other similar programs but for the money this one is perfect .
 This game is worth savcing your owance for.The games are great.Theres so many games . It will take a long time to play them all.I like the cave game.You get to explore a creepy cave.My other fave game is like simon says.You play the drums just like the character and theres traps the bad guys fall it too.I hope you go buy iot.You wont be disappointed .
 If you want a game with your favorite lego technic vehicles , awesome race/battles , and most of all , incredible realism , then this is the game for you!This game offers 3 different modes of play : Quick Race-Random Track and VehicleArcade-Chose your track and VehicleCareer-Work through the Multi-Challenge Races to win the Drome Racers cup!There are also 3 different types of terrain and vehicles : - Street-Off-Road-Drag RaceA street race normally takes place in a big city . In a street race , the cars have thin racing slicks and are faster than the off-roaders . An off-road race takes place on a dirt track . Off-road races have `` hazards '' such as tornado , lava , falling boulders , etc. . The cars have thicker tires and are the slowest of all.The drag race stage is much different . The cars are automatically manual transmission , so you do n't just hold down the accelerator the whole way down the long strip of pavement . Be careful ! If your rpm 's get to high , your engine will blow.So , once again , if you like extremely detailed lego racing , buy this game !
 This game is n't what I would call the best in the whole world , but , like the above title , it 's pretty darn good!The cool-named cars are awesome and more advanced than the ones in the other Lego Racers games , and the graphics are very nice . This game can be a little confusing at first , but in time you 'll get it.So in other words , this game is very fun and fast-paced , so I recommend that you should buy it !
 This is a great game ! Very entertaining and fun . We initially got it for my brother 's birthday , but my dad and other siblings quickly took it over from day one . The many tracks are beutifully rendered , and many have hidden dangers , such as tornados -LRB- extremely hard to escape if you run into one -RRB- , mudslides , falling rocks and archways , lava , hidden tunnels , rivers to jump , and more . In the PC version of the game , two people can race at once , and in the PS and gamecube versions , you can have more racers.The music is n't annoying or obnoxious , unlike many other racing games out there . -LRB- In fact , I have a ripped version I like to listen to while working -RRB- It has a good storyline and several good characters -LRB- each with their own quirks -RRB- . None of the cars behave the same as a real car or even like the ones in other games.Each race -LRB- in ` career ' mode -RRB- is made of several races , and all tracks have several routes that run through them , increasing the variety of races you can do . Plus , while in ` arcade ' mode , you can control the weather and time of day a race takes place . It is n't any more violent than other racing games -LRB- you can pick up and use mines , missiles , disrupture fields and other things to do damage to the cars of other racers , and they do the same to you . -RRB- . The female mechanic has part of her stomach bared , but hey , it 's hard to find games without.Overall , this is a terrific -LRB- and rather addicting -RRB- racing game good for the whole family .
 This game is a Christmas gift for my son so I do n't know if it will work . It arrived with many fingerprints , but once I cleaned the CD it looked like it was in good shape . I was a little disappointed that it was not in the boy displayed other than that I like it . The shipping was fast , it arrived sooner than expected .
 This is a repurchase of the game that we had purchased a few years ago for our 8 year old . The original CD simply stopped working , and we repurchased it from amazon.com for a very inexpensive price . Unfortunately , now that he is 11 with an XBox , PC games are not so cool any more . But lots of fun for younger kids racing exotic cars through fantasy terrains . Excellent graphics .
 I 've been a user of Real Jukebox Plus since the 1.0 release . The 1.0 release was a decent piece of software , still a bit rough , but useful . With this new release , the Real Jukebox 2 Plus , Real has gotten things right and it is one useful piece of software . It might not be as fancy as some software out there , but it does everything I need it to do and it does it well . If you 're using the free version of Real Jukebox there is one real reasons to upgrade to the Plus version and that is the VBR encoding . With the free version you can go to the Real site and get an upgrade to let you do encoding of MP3s to 320k , but the upgrade does not let you do VBR -LRB- Variable Bit Rate -RRB- . The Plus version does and it does it well . If you have n't used either version here 's what 's good about the package
 This is a cool jukebox as is musicmatch.Both are buggy in the plus versions although the free versions are much better.I love the free skins , visuals , and added freebies they give you.I 've tried Winamp and it sucks!It does n't record , have smoothe looking skins , or have a mp3 to cd feature built-in . Also it does distort the sound when you use the `` fake amp '' that 's supposed to amplify the sound on pooer speakers.Realjukebox comes in a virtual entertainment center pakage , bundled with Realplayer 8 . These can come in handy when you stream music and video !
 I 've had the free version of Real Jukebox for over a year now . It is the best player I have ever used in my life . OpenMG jukebox has way too many flaws , musicmatch is cool looking , but complicated and it does n't work too well either . Windows player is my 2nd favorite player , but now it is 80 % corrupted on my PC . It freezes every time I load it now , and before it got destroyed , it still had a problem with playing tracks burned on my hard drive . If I clicked on two quickly , it pops up with a `` can not play multiple tracks '' message and wo n't let me play anything until I restart the program . Winamp is a sad little silver player that is nothing but a bare-bones music player . Now Real Jukebox has none of those problems . I 've burned over 700 tracks onto my hard drive with it , and not a single file is corrupted , does n't play properly , or skip . I mess around with it a lot when I 'm bored , dragging things around , clicking on 100 's of songs , and download extra 3rd party skins and visualizations . Not once has it froze or not worked properly . I even copy songs from Kazaa and put it on my Real Jukebox , and it plays it perfectly . The only problem is that the full screen player looks boring . But who cares , if you want it to look cool , put it on skin mode . I 've read some other reviews on the Plus player , and I recommend you do n't get it . Especially for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- ...
 Installed Real jukebox plus , went very smooth . I can burn music to discs with this easy to use version af real jukebox plus . Shipped in just a few days of buying it . 5 stars for seller and product .
 This game is a Civil War classic that I would highly recommend . I have spent many enjoyable hours playing this game repeatedly as North or South against the Computer and against my friends . The Map is easily readable and the units are simplistic yet well organized and researched . This is not a game for those novices who play just for the cool sound effects and big explosions , this is a game for gentlemen who wish to actually be challenged . It requires critical thought and an ability to think ahead -LRB- almost like Chess -RRB- . I highly recommend playing agianst friends who share your passion for real startegy games as they too will be able to appreciate the games finer points and offer a greater challenge than a normal AI could . I highly recommend this game !
 `` Gettysburg '' was one of the earlier Talonsoft Battlefields of the Civil War series games . It clearly is reminiscent of the paper and cardboard simulation `` Terrible Swift Sword '' by Simulations Publications Incorporated and seems to use all the same rules and mechanisms of SPI 's `` Great Battles of the Civil War '' series rules -- including fire and melee combat , and the enormous importance of morale and leaders -LRB- especially for rallying routed units -RRB- . Losses are handled well and steadily degrade the performance of the afflicted units . It plays extremely well and actually requires a bit of tactical thought in order to stage an effective attack . The game takes into account height differences so that you can use terrain masking to conceal your attacking troops , it takes into account the many different types of weapons the individual regiments were equipped with -- everything from dragoon pistols to Henry repeating rifles , and the many different kinds of artillery pieces present on the field -- even including the two Whitworth Naval Rifles the Confederates had and used . Ammunition usage and replenishment is even taken into account -- all without being clunky or difficult to use . I have played this game dozens of times and it is still one of the -LRB- if not the absolute -RRB- best games on Gettysburg out there.Shiloh was a another `` battlefields '' series game , and is a tense and challenging situation -- can you as the Rebels successfully crush the Union before heavy reinforcements arrive on the field and allow the Union army to destroy you ? As the Union player , can you hold the line long enough for your reinforcements to come up and permit a counterattack on the exhausted rebels ? I highly recommend both of these , and all the other Talonsoft Battlefields games -- they are all extremely historical in terms of their representation of the battlefields themselves , and the forces and leaders engaged , and actually make you feel like you are the one in charge and giving the orders . Excellent games , every one .
 an awsome remake of the civil war ... exspecially GETTYSBERG .
 I 'm a 20 year PC veteran who recently bought a Mac PowerBook . I 'm running Windows XP Pro on my other machines , but am finding OS X is more stable , has a cleaner interface , and is simpler to work with when installing software and hardware . I 'll probably switch totally to Mac over the next year , assuming more software becomes available.Note that OS X is built around a Unix-core , which to me is a big plus . What a pleasant surprise to not have to deal with the Windows registry and never-ending driver issues .
 OS X has something for everyone . Whether you want to browse the Web and email , work with pictures or home movies , maintain an MP3 collection , play games , develop software , experiment with free Unix/Linux software -LRB- via Fink or otherwise -RRB- , or run a huge variety of network utilities , OS X does it better than anything else out there . I have enjoyed OS X since it first came out , and it keeps getting more enjoyable as Apple adds new features and iApps . I recommend it to everyone from the complete newbie to the most seasoned Unix admin .
 Jaguar is the bomb , and finally truly deserves to be called the worlds most advanced OS . I 'm upgrading my rating from 2 to 4 stars . minus 1 star because 1 -RRB- always room for improvement , features and 2 -RRB- Apple 's pricing policy -LRB- basically full price for almost everybody -RRB- is puzzling in light of their earnest push to get absolutely everybody on board .
 This is an absolute must have upgrade ! For Mac users , this system is speedier , seems more stable and includes a lot of upgrades and improvements that really show the maturity of this system in 2 short years . For those who have never used Mac OS X , this will remind you of why you bought a computer in the first place , because it 's fun and you can get so many things done ! Ichat combines all your messaging systems into one unit , the Address Book is system wide -LRB- no more having 20 different databases with the same information . -RRB- Rendezvous lets you link your computers and devices instantly without any configuration ! Even Sherlock has been upgraded to deliver stock quotes , maps , restaurants and more without a browser ... -LRB- updated 2005 , upgrade to Tiger , it blows Jaguar away ! -RRB-
 This is a very stable , incredibly smooth OS . It launches at lightning speed , is very intuitive and the learning curve is very short . If there is a downside , compatible professional graphic software is in short supply . It is a huge improvement over Windows and previous Mac OS .
 Have been using for months now . Have had only one Kernel Panic -LRB- Crash -RRB- . Panther seems to be a lot more responsive than earlier versions of OS X. Still I really ca n't say it is better than Windows XP because on my four Windows machines I have yet to see a crash in the almost two years I have been using Win XP . For that reason I am giving Panther four rather than five stars .
 I can do anything you can do only I can do it on the first try . I just completed my upgrade to Jaguar from 9.2 . It was easy and more importantly problem free.To be honest I am a long time Mac user and as such I may be slightly biast in favor of all things Mac . However , my boyfriend was not , and he insisted that we have a PC in addition to our iMac . He is now a convert !!!!!!!!!! I took three people , all of whose jobs are to provide tech support to the unfortunate PC owner , to get his laptop up and running ! I guess PC 's provide lots of job security.More importantly as long as you have Microsoft Office for Macs you can switch back and forth between platforms no problem . Plus , according to Microsoft , their office suite for Macs is better than the one they make for there own operating system !
 I am recent to Mac . I started with OS X 10.1 about a year ago . I wish I had dumped my PC years ago and gotten an Apple . Anyway , I decided to upgrade to 10.2 . At first I hesitated since I could n't imagine Jaguar was much better than 10.1 . I was wrong . What a wonderful OS . Makes my iMac even better . As would be expected , installation was simple . Now I will just wonder what more they will do with 10.3 . My friend , a PC user saw my system and is asking me to burn his home videos , etc. . He gave up on getting his Windows system to work right !
 This is the best OS I 've used , and I 've used a lot of 'em
 Pros : - Improved performance -LRB- nearly matches the lightweight Mac OS Classic -RRB- - Feature-laden Finder - Rock-solid UNIX stability - Stunning Aqua UI , easy to use - Great network support -LRB- especially in regards to Windows -RRB- - Improved font rendering engine -LRB- not as fuzzy looking as before -RRB- - Great assortment of free iApps -LRB- iChat , iMovie , iPhoto , and iTunes -- soon iCal and iSync -RRB- - Virtually every applets have undergone upgrades -LRB- e.g. , Address Book , Calculator , Mail , Sherlock , Terminal -RRB- - Rapidly increasing number of native OS X applications - Super easy upgrade from OS X 10.1 -LRB- but I recommend clean install for `` freshness '' -RRB- Cons : - Internet Explorer is embarrassingly buggy and limited -LRB- upcoming Internet Explorer 6.0 should remedy most of its shortcomings -RRB- - Limited customization -LRB- e.g. , mouse pointer , color , limited number of `` themes '' -RRB- - Still buggy -LRB- I found several iChat , Finder , and Mail bugs after weeks of use ; soon-to-be-released 10.2.1 free patch should fix most of these -RRB- - Incompatibility with some 10.1 applications - Skimpy manual - Slow help engine - Some free iApps or applets need more features -LRB- i.e. , you can not edit photos with iPhotos -RRB- I 've switched to Mac platform nearly a year ago , courtesy of Apple PowerBook G4 667 MHz -LRB- Gigabit -RRB- and Mac OS X 10.1 . I 've been computing under Microsoft platform for over 17 years , starting with PC-DOS 3.1 in 1995 , Windows 2.0 in 1987 , and continuing with most iteration of Windows ever since . I 've also used various flavors of UNIX -LRB- Solaris , AIX , Linux -RRB- , but mostly for academic and professional reasons.For an OS only 3 years of age , the Mac OS X is surprisingly mature and complete . For most number of users -LRB- including Windows `` switchers '' -RRB- , Mac OS X is highly capable . Just throw in few productivity applications -LRB- e.g. , Adobe Photoshop , Microsoft Office v.X , Quicken -RRB- and download some freeware -LRB- e.g. , Mozilla -RRB- , you have nearly full-featured system.Dare I say it ? The Mac OS X is the best client operating system there is . Yes , it is not YET as polished and matured as older systems such Windows XP and Mac OS Classic , but on the plus side , it has little or none of the `` old operating system '' baggage . Mac OS Classic compatibility box is kept separate -LRB- so much that it no longer comes bundled with OS X -RRB- , with modern Cocoa and traditional Carbon APIs to attract large number of developers -LRB- there are now more developers writing Mac software than ever before -RRB- . Although OS X takes a lot longer to boot than Windows XP , its rock solid foundation makes it a moot advantage . I 've experienced some crashes under 10.1 , but none with 10.2 . My PowerBook frequently felt sluggish under 10.1 , but with 10.2 , it is quite speedy -LRB- still not as fast as my IBM ThinkPad with 1.6 GHz Pentium 4-m processor , however -RRB- . I highly recommend OS X to power users willing to explore new OS , students -LRB- particularly graphics and engineering students -RRB- , or basic users looking for stable and easy to use platform .
 I 've been working with OS X for several months now . MY resistance to upgrading to Jaguar -LRB- OS X. 2 -RRB- was based primarily on the fact that I bought a new iMac last year and did n't want to shell out more money for the new OS . Finally , I gave in . And it was worth the time and effort.Jaguar has a cleaner , faster interface to work in . Start-up is much faster . It 's a more stable system than OS X -LRB- which is saying something , because OS X was already the most stable Mac OS -RRB- . The Mail client is also improved immensely over the previous version.Jaguar includes iChat -LRB- instant messaging software -RRB- , Mail , Address Book , and downloads are available for iSync -LRB- basically allows you to port your info from home to work and back seamlessly -RRB- , iCal -LRB- scheduling software -RRB- , and the new Safari web browser . -LRB- A warning though , at this writing Safari is still in Beta testing and definitely needs refining before going live . -RRB- Put this together with the iLife software package -LRB- iTunes , iPhoto , iMovie , and iDVD -RRB- , and you 've got yourself one great computer system.As usual , Apple is letting third parties write their manuals . You 'll have to buy those separately if you want them . However , this time they 've included an interactive `` Getting Started '' CD which will get the novice up and running in Jaguar without too much stress .
 I am a recent switcher to the Macintosh platform , I , like many of the reviewers , have used Microsoft and various other OS . I have used MS OS since DOS . I must say that Jaguar is a beautiful OS , and to add to the beauty is the UNIX core that lies underneath . However it is a bit sluggish even on G4 machines , when compared to Apples previous OS9 . I have an 800 MHz Titanium PowerBook with 512MB of RAM . The CPU get eaten up by intense applications , moreso than it did when using OS9 with those same applications . For everyday users this is not a concern , but for people working on grpahics and computer media , sluggish performance is unbearable . I do however love the fact that it is almost fully customizable.PROS : Astonishing LooksExceedingly stable -LRB- compared to Windows OS -RRB- Excellent Memory ManagementInfinitely cutomizableGood selection of third party software for graphic designersNice Apple Apps for the so called `` digital hub `` iTunes especially stands out with MP3 fanatics -LRB- light years ahead of Winamp for Windows -RRB- Seamless integration with both Apple and Windows networks.CONS : Somewhat sluggish performance compared to OS9 -LRB- due mostly to the Astonishing Looks above -RRB- Being codenamed `` Jaguar ''
 When Mac OS X was first launched last year , it was a work in process . Facing increasing pressure to get `` something '' out the door , and having gone through several failed attempts to unleash a modern operating system to replace the aging , original Macintosh operating system , Apple threw OS X -LRB- 10.0 -RRB- at dedicated Mac users as , essentially , a pay-to-play beta test . Why , you might ask , would Mac users pay to play with a not-yet-ready for primetime OS ? I suppose you should ask Windows users the same question . At lease Apple was kind enough to tell people that 10.0 was not for everyone and was going to be revised substantially.Then came 10.1 -LRB- now at version 10.1.5 -RRB- . It improved the speed and features of 10.0 and made it ready for universal adoption.OS X 10.2 completes the cycle . OS X has now been optimized . It 's fast , elegant , and groundbreaking . It has been radically improved to work seamlessly with Windows computers and Windows networks . It has built in , easy to use Bluetooth support . Over all , it has about 150 additions and improvements . There is no doubt that it is now the most sophisticated , stable , and appealling operating system out there . With its UNIX core , it appeals to techies , too.A great OS just got greater . Much greater .
 I am one of those who has been very cautious about changing from OS 9 to OS X. Although I had occasional crashes and conflicts using OS 9 , it seemed to perfrom ok and I could put of with those few glitches . I am not one who is interested in living on the `` bleeding edge '' of technology.When OS 10.2 -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- became available , I decided it was time to hold my breath and take the plunge . I ca n't tell you how happy I have been since making the change.I prepared myself by ordering copies of my most often used software including Office X , Quicken , Photoshop , etc. . Although I expected there would be problems during the installation , it went without any hitches ... that is ZERO problems!I used an Epson 860 printer which worked immediately . I did n't have to go looking for drivers or any other software . My external CD/RW firewire drive worked without problems as did my USB flashcard readers . I have now had Jaguar installed for about a month -LRB- since it was released -RRB- and I have not had any hangs or crashes . There really was more frustration in my using OS 9 than I had realized . Certainly I think this is the time to consider moving to OS 10.2 if you are still marginally satisfied with OS 9 and have been waiting for a great new operating system.I did buy David Pugue 's `` Mac OS X '' book -LRB- O'Reilly -RRB- along with the software . I am happy to have the book as a good reference as it is very helpful for those of us who have moved from OS 9 to OS X . However I also find that the new operating system is so easy and intuitive and I have not spent a lot of time looking up details in the book.So if you are one of those users who is still wondering if it is the time to change from OS 9 to OS X , I can confirm that the process was very easy and went without any problems for me . I also enjoy the look and feel of the new desktop . I really has been a very easy transition.P.S . I like the new interface to the . MAC account as well as iPhoto .
 Having bought an iBook this past summer , I was hesitant , to say the least , to toss out more money to buy an OS upgrade from 10.1 to 10.2 . The logic in my mind was that it was a '' .1 '' upgrade , as many of my Window-only friends like to tell me . I figured it would be somewhat like upgrading from OS 7 to OS 8 , giving me a slightly faster and more stable computer.Indeed , my friends , I was wrong . Just as Mac OS 10.1 sped up from the previous OS -LRB- 10.0 -RRB- , OS 10.2 increased the interface 's `` snappiness '' drastically . The greatest of all improvements in the entire OS is the new idea of `` Quartz Extreme . '' By utilizing the computer 's videocard -LRB- must be 16 MB or higher , though -RRB- to render the GUI , the CPU has an enormous task taken from it , allowing for the system to run much , much more quickly than any other OS before it.The Beauty of OS 10.2 goes beyond that . From the new Mail application which filters junk mail to the new search bar added into the file-system browser , OS 10.2 allows users to be much more efficient with their time on the computer.The new software which Apple and other companies are releasing for OS 10.2 make life in general more productive . iCal allows for users to better manage their time . The new address book is more intuitive , allowing for quicker access to the need information . Safari , Apple 's new web browser for 10.2 is beautiful . Rendering pages at speeds much faster than any other browser , it makes waiting for websites to load a painless process.Indeed , Mac OS 10.2 is THE OS that brought me into love of the world of the modern , UNIX-based OS line . I had decided for a while to go back to using OS 9 because of my dislike for OS 10.1 . However , 10.2 showed me that X is the choice when it comes to operating systems.Mac OS 10.2 is not only the flagship of the Apple OS line ; it is also the flagship of of all OSes in existence .
 After installing this on a couple of Macs -LRB- iBook G3 700 and Power Mac G4 400 -RRB- , I can say that this has about a 50 % speed increase over OS X 10.1 ! Not only that , the new Finder is finally what we have been waiting for - many more options , SLF , etc. . There are a lot of little things I have noticed and like too , the updated Aqua buttons , check boxes , etc. and the translucent Dock are just a few . Great upgrade , worth it 100 % .
 Best OS I have ever used and I have been in the industry for 25 years . If you have n't moved on from windows yet , now is the time that you really should . This is the OS that everybody should be using .
 I eased into OS X with the early versions -LRB- so I had to buy OS X twice - ouch ! -RRB- , but 10.2 is now my production OS -LRB- mostly running Adobe 's Premier and Photoshop , and MS 's Office Suite -RRB- . This is one stable OS - I have n't had a crash since installing Jaguar!If your a Unix -LRB- esp . a BSD -RRB- person , you 'll love getting in and accessing all your old friends like `` ps '' and `` sed '' et . al. . But Apple 's taken all the complicated stuff -LRB- like managing permissions for example -RRB- and moved it up into the user interface.Lastly , it 's a great multiprocessing system . I routinely have 7-8 applications open at once ; it 's easy to bounce back & forth between them.Only thing I miss are hierarchical menus -LRB- though you can get some 3rd party utilities that accomplish the same thing -RRB- .
 I really resisted going to OS X , but the reviews were good for 10.2.2 -- Jaguar -- and I decided to take the plunge . I love it , even though my CD Writer -LRB- Que USB -RRB- & scanner -LRB- Umax Astra 2200 -RRB- do n't work with it and there are no updated drivers for these two . I can switch back to OS 9 to use them . For my printer -LRB- Epson SC 800 -RRB- there is a generic driver that I downloaded.Advice
 it will make your mac faster .
 After playing around with 10.2 almost everyday for at least an hour in the apple store , I decided to buy Jaguar , I have immediately put all the features to the test and they work flawlessly . I put a great amount of strain on my computer and especially my OS , but there was no problem with 10.2 , it ran very fast and smoothly . Do yourself a favor , and buy Jaguar !
 There has been a lot of griping among the Mac faithful about the price of upgrading to Mac OS X 10.2 . I am not one of those you will hear complaining . I had the chance to play with a beta of 10.2 at an Apple Store this weekend and it was impressive . If this upgrade delivers on the expectations it will be -- by far -- the most powerful and most usable desktop operating system on the planet .
 Jaguar is 2 steps above OS X. 1 ! The Price is right on the head of where it should be , It is a full version , not an upgrade . Apple calls all of it 's releaed OS software upgrades because you get the full version when you buy your mac ! Find me another OS besides Linux that gives you the awesomeness of mac OS X and applications like iphoto , imovie , itunes , and all the other included software Apple offers . P.S. I have a . mac account , and it is also well worth the money ! Find another company that will include all that stuff for that price !
 This is by far the biggest upgrade of an OS since ... well , EVER.OSX has gotten more stable and more productive since the first beta build , and this release in August will increase that stability by leaps and bounds...Built-in Instant Messaging , bulit-in Windows network connectivity , a FREE mail program with as good of a set of features as you 'll find in Microsoft Entourage -LRB- combined with the new calender program - iCal - of course -RRB- . If you 've ever had the inclination to make the ` switch ' over from a PC , NOW IS THE TIME !!!!
 Jaguar is awesome . I ca n't wait for Panther .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram...Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for ... a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 I confess , I 've been using OS 9.2.1 for a long time , and I still use it a lot of the time . But I wanted to make the transition to OS X , and OS X. 2 has been quite a lure for me.I really like it . A LOT . I had zero problems installing it on my older G4 `` Yikes '' -LRB- PCI graphics -RRB- Mac . At 400 MHz , it 's not the fastest Mac out there , but it still runs OS X. 2 just fine . -LRB- I 'm sure the 512 megs of RAM I have helps too . -RRB- Also , this G4 's 16 MB Rage video card ca n't do the Quartz Extreme thing , but so what ? There 's plenty to like about OS X. 2 besides that . I am enjoying my time with OS X. 2 more and more . Highly recommended .
 The best Mac OS yet . I 'm amazed each day at the capabilities of this operating system . I have n't had to restart in nearly 5 months ! This IS the smoothest , best looking , best running operating system I have EVER used !
 You simply have to see it to believe it .
 Apple has made a huge leap with this `` Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar '' . The several components , -LRB- as well as the respective features contained in them -RRB- , are well-integrated and stable . I am particularly thrilled by the ease with which its ` Rendezvous ' linked my device to other devices , without requiring any sort of configuration . All other components work just as fine.Like the big cat it was named after , this OS waxes strong . It is resilient too !
 OS X 10.2 Jaguar is the best operating system ever designed . Hands down , the best !
 I have been using it since it came out . I have had no major problems . I stick with standard commercial applications and few games . I did use the archive and reinstall once when I messed up my vidio drivers . I have 10.1 on one of my drives and it boots up from that drive for no appearant reason about once a week . I run software update and use the Repair Disk Permissions feature of the Disk Repair Utility frequently .
 Mac OS X was the best OS in the world at the time of its release , and this version just puts it over the top . Bravo Apple ! Microsoft ... you are dead in the water with this baby !
 Mac OS X 10.2 is a great operating system , but save yourself some money if you already have OS X 10.1 and wait for 10.3 codename Cougar ;-RRB- You 'll do yourself a favor , instead of shelling out another hundred on every update!If you do n't have OS X , get Jaguar ! It 's great and stable , and worth it .
 You probably have seen or heard about Apple 's switch ads . You know , the people that have switched over to Apple for one reason or another , or even multiple reasons . Well , I am one of them ... and OS X 10.2 is one of the primary reasons why.I have been impressed with OS X since I first became familiar with it a few months ago . Now , since `` Jag-Wire 's '' unveiling at the MacExpo New York show , I can not wait to get my hands on this OS.The new stuff including Rendezvous for instant communication among peripherals , iCal for my calendaring needs , and of course the updated iTunes make this product simply amazing . Not to mention it is simply breathtaking to look at.But Jaguar is not all looks . The stability of the UNIX underpinnings of this OS really have me sold.This is what an operating system was meant to be . Easy . Reliable . Not in the way.Let OS X 10.2 make your computing experience fun again .
 Jaguar is the best thing to happen to Apple since the Mac itself ! It 's not just a new OS , Jaguar feels like I have a brand new computer altogether .
 Mac OS X Jaguar is a heavy duty operating system ... Fun , too .
 Best Kind of Computer Is One that Works!Some of the reviewers here have odd complaints . Does anyone remember what a computer is there for ? Making things easier!Rather than going on slowly on the spur-of-the moment thoughts -- like other reviewers , I will quote a portion of a usability paper on computers , relating to Jaguar , which I wrote.Summarizing the beginning of the paper -LRB- which I will not include -RRB- , a computer needs to be able to be compatible with what is already there -LRB- i.e. Windows -RRB- , needs to work around things it ca n't do with alternatives -LRB- such as good conversion filters -RRB- , and most of all , needs to be able to communicate with other computer systems.Your work must be worth something somewhere besides your own room.So , I quote : `` What a computer needs to be most useful for yourself and for all your jobs is the ability to -LRB- 1 -RRB- exchange files with other computers , -LRB- 2 -RRB- talk the languages of other computers , and of course , -LRB- 3 -RRB- let you do your work . `` Luckily , I was savvy to Jaguar at the time , and I carefully noted how it fulfils all these requirements in its own specific comment . -- `` quote '' -- -LRB- Excuse my salesish language . -RRB- Jaguar , or Macintosh operating system X. 2 , is an incredible solution to these problems.In terms of file exchange , consider that X. 2 : * Has all Microsoft office software available . * Supports the latest and best interactive media . * Provides the strongest platform for new software.X .2 talks the languages : * With all Unix/Windows/Macintosh networks . * To printers both old and new . * Between itself and the whole Internet.And X. 2 is so easy : * That you can use it your first day . * When it can do all your work . * So you can actually have fun . -- `` end quote '' -- Those nine things are very important . Jaguar is decent.I am somebody who ought to know -- And even if you hate it , Jaguar is still a nice name . : - -RRB-
 I became seriously upset reading the 1-star reviews of MAC OS 10.2 . What are these people doing ? How can they hate it so much ? Are they really using the same glorious OS that I now am ? In talking to a few people in and around Pittsburgh 's design community I 've come to a conclusion
 my mac used to crash 5 times every day when i was running mac os 9 and below . i had to restart the computer each time . when mac os x came out , i did n't restart my computer for 8 months . 10.2 promises to be the best , most powerful and most innovative version of Mac OS X ever . i played with it at an apple store and it was absolutely amazing . it was faster , more responsive , it had many , many more features , and it was prettier also . i would recommend 10.2 to anyone at all . i do n't care about the 129 price tag because it is just too amazing to pass up .
 It 's clear that Apple is listening to users and developers alike as never before . There was skepticism of the original release of OS X from critics because it was so thoroughly different from any other operating system , not to mention skepticism from Macintosh users because of a gigantic step from previous Mac operating systems . I feel that with the release of OS X 10.2 , Apple continues to move its self back into the comfortable notch that the single-digit OS 's once held , and proves that Apple makes the fastest , most user-friendly , and absolutely gorgeous operating systems in the world .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram two thousand dollars Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for six thousand dollars a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram ... Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for ... a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- money -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- money -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- $ -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- $ -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- money -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- money -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 The beta version of this system is absolutely magnificent ! Smooth and fast and yes ... reliable . Apple , you are leading the come back of what -LRB- Mac -RRB- computers are all about and Windows people only dream of even in Microsoft 's backyard . Thank you .
 You get what you pay for and Apple has always been the leader in the new and the latest . In my opinion the reason why no ` upgrade ' price of 10.2 was released was from a widely published -LSB- upgrade -RSB- that made the free 10.1 packet you could get at any Apple reseller a full install . Apple is a business , bunissess make money . Enough said . Stop complaining and take the time to LEARN something for a change instead of belly acking about how this isnt OS 9 .
 Installing Jaguar on my G4 Cube was a great , easy , quick and stunning ... BR > But seriously MAC has always been better / easier than Windows -LRB- even though i think Microsoft is a great company giving good support for MAC users -RRB- with Jaguar , Apple just makes life TOO easy . OSX has grown into a powerhouse system.Ignore gripes about printers and whatever , just enjoy the easy interface , improved software and amazing networking opportunities.IF YOU ARE HESITATING ? DON `` T !!! Just buy it and see the future of OS.We all love our macs , we all love the stability of classic OS ...
 I have seen this operating system at work . It is the smoothest , most flawless OS available . Right now I 'm running 10.1 and my computer has never froze . 10.2 is not only faster and more stable , it also has a whole lot of extras which I am willing to pay the full -LSB- amt . -RSB- for . I am an AIM fanatic and seeing iChat is , by far , the coolest messenger program I 've seen . Also , the speed of the graphics is an absolute must see . Thumbs up Apple !!
 Though I experianced serious problems during the install that forced me to reinstall twice I believe this was because my current version of 10.1.5 was in bad shape . However , since the install I have experianced few problems , though it took me several days to download all the software updates . Virtually all problems I experianced in 10.1.5 have vanished , my isub no longer causes a kernal panic , and Internet Explorer no longer crashes after being launched . I have also found the Safari , Apple 's new internet brower is far more stable and faster than Internet Explorer ever was . One of the main reasons I upgraded however was because so many programs required a minimal of 10.2 , since then a wealth of new programs have been made availible to me . Jaguar was definitly worth the upgrade , anybody running an older version of Mac OS X should upgrade .
 Mac OS X. 2 -LRB- 10.2 or Jaguar -RRB- is one of the sturdiest operating systems i 've used . I know most pc users out-right hate Macs ... I do n't OSX including OSX .2 has UNIX built in . This allows great things to be done . And supports older Mac software . I ca n't wait for OSX .3 -LRB- Panther -RRB- ... This will add more great features such as Expose , a new version of Mail , a new finder -LRB- they allow labels to be used like in MacOS/System 7 & 8 -RRB- , and even fast user switching . iChatAV will remake the face of instant messaging . Panther is the only way you could make Jaguar better ... Panther will even come with X11 -LRB- Xfree -RRB- to allow Linux programs that use XWindows to run .
 Do n't be fooled . Do n't join the masses . With Apple 's new G5 systems , Macs blow everything else out of the water . Sure there are more Windows users than Mac users . There are also more cockroaches than humans . Does that make the cockroach a superior being ? -LRB- Well , the immunity to radiation bit is in their favor . -RRB- Jaguar is the latest release of OS X . A true multitasking operating system based on UNIX . Yes , there is a REAL version of UNIX under the hood and the hackers among you will drool over the possibilities . Apple is beginning to take advantage of the superior hardware design capabilities of the Mac with OS X.The best part , OS X hides the UNIX underpinnings in a superior Graphical User Interface -LRB- known as Aqua . -RRB- So , if you know nothing about UNIX , do n't worry , you do n't have to know UNIX to use a Mac . Ease of use has been the hallmark of Macs since their introduction back in 1984 . You have the ability to create a true multi-user enviornment . Multiple userids , multiple processes running simultaneously and protected memory . This means if you have a program crash , only the one program will crash , everything else keeps going and going and going . -LRB- Sorry Energizer Bunny , I could n't resist . -RRB- If you are a UNIX lover , Apple provides the Terminal application which gives you full access to the UNIX kernel system.If you are among the long-time Mac user community , you may have come to love the capabilities of OS 9 -LRB- or 8 or earlier . -RRB- Some Macs still have the ability to boot into either OS 9 or OS X. Newer Macs only allow OS X booting . If you still have programs from the days when you could boot into OS 9 , you can still run many of them in `` Classic '' environment . Classic is an emulator , running on OS X to allow you to still run older programs requiring the older OS . Admittedly , there are programs that wo n't work in Classic . Mostly programs needing custom-made extensions or Control Panels may not load . Also , most of the still-existing software companies are creating native OS X versions of their programs.If you insist on running Windows XP or 2000 or 98 or 95 or DOS , you even have the option of running Virtual PC -LRB- which , by the way , is now owned by Microsoft - think about that for a moment . -RRB- There is also a Mac version of Microsoft 's Office Suite . This allows you to exchange documents with your PC counterparts , seamlessly.Macs have superior video capabilities and OS X takes full advantage of this.OS X has some superior software to go along for the ride - iMovie , iDVD , iPhoto and iTunes , to name a few . These are all free.With OS X , Mac users will be leaving others in the dust.Superior hardware design coupled with well-thought-out software design makes the Mac environment hard to beat . Add to that the ability to use state-of-the art hardware and nothing else even comes close . Long live Mac !
 OS X is supierior in every way to anything Windows has to offer . I 've been running 10.2 since released last August and have had zero , thats right , zero crashes . I 'm forced to work with various flavors of Windows , including XP and none can compare . Stability , ease of use , cutting edge technology , true plug and play -LRB- unlike Windows plug and pray -RRB- . Why would you choose anything else ? I do n't feel excluded or left out . I feel empowered by a computer that does everything I can think of and more .
 Mac OS 10.1 was flawed . Very flawed . It was basically the beta test for ironing out 10.2 . Why did n't the call 10.2 10.1 ? This is great , and the aqua interface is velvety soft . Why do n't icons always look this great ? I have never , ever crashed 10.2 , and I do everything that is not recommended for it . I open up 4 web browsers and Sherlock and the OS glides through the applications . This is the best OS I have ever seen , and Windows has yet to top even 10.1 .
 I just upgraded my G4 667 dvi Powerbook to 10.2 from 10.1.4 ... OS X is a very good OS.The powerbook is my first Apple and 10.2 make it the main computer I now use . I still have a desktop with XP Pro but I just do n't use it as much anymore now that I have the powerbook and 10.2 . Compared to 10.1.4 , 10.2 has a lot of nice new features for the general user as well as the experienced user . I love the ease of connecting to my XP machine and browsing any shared foldes I have setup . I never got this running under 10.1.4 but under 10.2 it was a breeze . The OS found the workgroup and allowed me to connect to the shared folders in no time . I also like Ichat , Itunes 3.0 and the new Sherlock . All of the applications offer ease of use and great functionality.With OS X 10.2 I feel we are finally getting to the point where for the average user there will be no compelling reason to only think of Microsoft XP . OS X the and software that comes along with it or that you can buy does just about everything that average home user needs.If you are a Mac user I recommend this upgrade , if you are a Windows user thinking of changing ... now is the time .
 I installed the OS X 10.2 as an upgrade from 10.1.2 . Easy installation . No problems.It made my Epson Stylus Photo 890 work flawlessly . Epson was uncooperative with old system 10.1 . Epson 's old printer driver was a mess . Overall this OS X 10.2 Operating System seems to be a significant improvement . I am glad I bought it and glad I own a Mac .
 After being ready to jump ou of `` Windows '' for years and making volumes of blue air over the `` blue screens of death '' , I converted to Mac and OS X last year . It is like going to Heaven after years of pure purgatory . The transition was practically painless and my beautiful desktop was joined by a sturdy iBook this year . I have no problem sharing documents with my still be-shuttered Windows friends and my home office network works just fine with 2 macs and 3 PCs , all chatting comfortably together . Do n't hesitate a minute !! Join 10.2 and stop defenestrating .
 If you like this sort of thing , it 's the best . I do n't know what else to say . I end up sitting infront of the computer a lot , and this product makes that time very tolerable ... maybe even fun at times . I 've had a few periods where I did n't restart the computer for many MANY weeks at a stretch . Always reliable , rock solid ... and I mean TRULY . When it comes to stability , reliablility , predictability , etc. . . to the point where the user notices they are much more relaxed during their time in front of the thing ... no other -LRB- consumer-type -RRB- OS does the things this one does .
 This landmark upgrade to the innovative Macintosh Operating System reminds us of why we choose to use a Mac over a Windoze PC . It 's speedy and stable and includes so many innovations that Windows XP users will want to switch in greater numbers .
 i work with windows at work , and play with mac at home . jaguar is by far the superior in so far as stability , elegance and speed . again , as with most pc vs. mac debates , aside from gamers , most end users should be fine on either platform ... the difference being whether one wants to enjoy their time on their computer or struggle with the usual windows snafu 's . the look and feel of jaguar is elegant and responsive . i had os x 10.1 when i first got my ibook , and i immediately noticed a snappier response when opening apps and files when i upgraded to jaguar -LRB- even though my graph card ca n't fully take advantage of quartz technology -RRB- . the only gripes i have with jaguar and os x is the difficulty in personalizing the desktop and general look of the os -LRB- although like i said , the default look is excellent -RRB- . there are ways around this , although the hacks and apps are endorsed by apple , so do so with caution .
 Jaguar is significantly faster than 10.1 and takes advantage of hardware acceleration for some systems , including the Powerbook DVI I 'm writing this on . I am hearing-impaired and was glad to see that there are options for disabled users -- being able to have the screen flash so that I do n't have to have my hearing aid on to know I 'm being beeped at is a plus.Jaguar also has a more plasticky look to some of its interface components , such as some toolbar buttons and list menus . It does not , however , include that updated slick look on window close/min/max buttons or scroll bars , but I 've improved this with a thirdparty theme . Menu Extras do n't work in Jag without a thirdparty utility that , fortunately , is free . Such inconsistencies are relatively minor and hopefully will continue to clear up in the future . Rumor has it that 10.3 , Panther , will include further speed boosts.Areas that could stand improvement are its inclusion of Internet Explorer as the default browser -LRB- fortunately , far easier to remedy on Macs than Windows ; just drag it to the trash after you 've used it to download your browser of choice -- with the thirdparty Pinstripe theme , Mozilla looks great on my desktop -RRB- ; the Terminal client could use better ANSI color emulation , though relatively few users will find that a problem ; the number of built-in color schemes is limited to just the standard scheme and to a Graphite scheme that 's designed for graphics artists ; and the built-in firewall needs a friendlier interface . This can be fixed with thirdparty utilities , but unfortunately , the good ones are n't free.Still , 10.1 is a very good operating system -- it 's rock solid , and does n't have the antitrust and security problems of a certain other OS . I do n't have any major gripes with the system , and I love being able to make full use of the BSD subsystem that 's hiding underneath and many users do n't even know about . With the Developer Tools installed , I can even compile the vast library of GPLed Unix software out there.If you are in the market for a computer and have the cash , get a new Mac -LRB- you 'll get Jaguar with it . -RRB- If you have 10.0 or 10.1 , go and upgrade . Now .
 i unfortunatly bought a new ibook on july 16 , one day before the release of 10.2 , so I had to pay full price for the upgrade ... The upgrade is , even at full price , well worth the cost.I had been origionaly disappointed by the performance of my ibook . It seemed sluggish when compared to my desktop pc . With 10.2 however I noticed a marked improvements in everything.Internet pages load fasterMicroSoft word documents are converted fasterCDs convert to mp3 format slightly fasterViaVoice , which I origionaly bought for 10.1 , was fasterandMy printer finaly workswith 10.2 my lowly 600mhz ibook seems to be comparable in performance to my 1.6 ghz desktop pcBUY AN IBOOKBUY 10.2 BUY A BOBLBEE BACKPACK TO KEEP IT ALL INyes a boblbee backpackexcellent protectionexcellent qualityperfect if your in college
 I am a relatively new user of Mac 's . Having ditched my Win NT unit in 2000 , I now have three iMacs of various styles that belong to the kids , my PB G3/500 which I relegated to the wife when I bought my G4/500 Titanium PB . I have installed Jaquar as a upgrade on 10.1.5 with little or no trouble . The OS is smoother and peppier than the previous version on my Titanium and is blindingly fast on some of the 700 and 800mhz units I saw it on in the local Apple Store . There are many improvements touted in 10.2 that to me are probably not useful due to other 3rd party tools that I use -LRB- such as Office V.x -RRB- , however , the mail app is greatly improved , and sherlock is very different and better . Lots of new options in Sherlock and the selection of drive and ID for indexing and search is gone - thank god.All in all , worth the purchase . Amazon did a great job delivering the OS the monday after its Friday night release - very very surprised as I expected it on Wednesday.Tom
 Jaguar adds so much to the Mac OS X experience that it would be impossible to live without . Earlier reviewers stated that only Apple developers have access to Jaguar-only partially correct , because anyone who attended Macworld New York got to play around with it . In addition , Jaguar is already loaded on some new machines from Apple that are shipping today . Therefore , it 's not only Apple developers who have seen Jaguar .
 Mac OS X does not disable built-in floppy drives . Mac OS X runs better on computers that are built for it . Running it on a Beige G3 is like running Windows on a 486 ; you can do it , but it does n't mean you should . Crashes occour from poorly-designed APPLICATIONS , not OS X. I have had OS X for over a year , and I have had only 2 ` kernel panics ' -LRB- full system lockups -RRB- . hbj200 is wrong about the 1 % . it 's more like 8 % and growing rapidly , and everyone uses Windows because they believe Bill 's propaganda . There is more documentation about digital cameras that networking in OS 10.2 because of Rendezvous -LRB- Stable , Efficient Networking for Dummies -RRB- I
 Stop worrying . Believe the reviews . Just buy it .
 One of the best Apple OS 's ever . Worth every penny.Better speed and quicker startups -LRB- for both G4 and G3 -RRB- . Very smooth feel , solid operation . Mail app -LRB- with new filters -RRB- and Address Book are indispensable , reliable tools . Axis print server with Epson 740 works exceptionally well with 10.2 . Apple has delivered with Windows networking - easy to use and reliable . -LRB- Of course , Mac networking is a snap to set up . -RRB- Helper apps are very handy . Sherlock is much improved . And a quick Find has been added to the OS . Plus , a Midi tool has been provided.And alas , Spring Loaded Folders are back !! I have n't even touched on the ever useful Developer Tools -LRB- included in the box -RRB- . This upgrade has something for every level of computer user . And it works out of the box ... no fuss , no headaches .
 I am a longtime Mac user and I have never been disappointed with any of their products , Needless to say , that this version of 10 operating systems is as good a product as I expected it to be . Never a disappointment from Mac and never a disappointment from Amazon.com . Thanks ever ! Glenda Smith
 I have been procrastinating the switch to OS X from OS 9 for a number of reasons . First , I felt it to be a real hassle always having to switch to Classic when I wanted to use my software . Second , when I tried an earlier version of OS X , none of my peripherals worked . And third , I was loathe to give up an old and trusted friend who I had gotten VERY used to - The Mac OS -LRB- from version 7-9 -RRB- . I finally broke down and bought Jaguar because these three criticisms , and many more , have been finally , and fully addressed . Every software title I use save one , is now OS X native , all of my peripherals work fine if not better -LRB- as is the case with my tempermental external CD-R -RRB- , and I am quickly becoming used to my new friend , who has turned out to be a vastly superior OS.OS X -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- is a pleasure to use and is n't as difficult as I thought to get used to . Now is definately the time to switch if you have n't already done so . OS X is the future of the Mac and it is bound to make that future a bright one .
 I loved 10.1 due to the superior interface and stability of the unix-based platform , but there were a number of annoyances . These have almost UNIFORMLY been fixed in Jaguar -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- and I can not recommend it highly enough . I 'm running it at home on a high-end -LRB- if 2 year old -RRB- machine - dual processor G4 machine with Radeon graphics card and on a 6-month after debut iMac -LRB- from way back -RRB- , so i feel i have a good experience of using it . First the best news : * Neither machine has crashed since I installed 10.2 . And the iMac was real flakey with 10.1 . whatever -- it now is solid * It 's faster to startup , initialise OS9 and just plain do stuff . Especially noticeable on the iMac . * My QPS!Fire CD-R/W drive can now burn from iTunes and desktop . In 10.1 it could only do it through Toast * All my other stuff -LRB- IR mouse , ancient serial line X-10 control system `` MouseHouse '' , KeySpan USB-serial interface , palm interface -RRB- works just fine . * USB Printer sharing !!! Phew . Now I can share my canon printer and not have to export stuff around the house and run from room to room.Other nice news : * Smooth and clean fonts * Sherlock yellow pages and other modules is awesome * Hog heaven for unix hackers like me!Overall , for me , the big wins were supporting way more peripherals natively than it used to , speed improvements and stability . As an example , I used to reboot in a `` nothing can interrupt '' configuration to burn CDs -- no network or anything . Now I browse the web and download software while burning at 32x . Last night the -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- web browser crashed whle I was burning a CD and I had to kill the browser -- BUT THE CD KEPT BEING BURNT THROUGHOUT . Mega-nice . I usually like to write balanced reviews , but from my perspectives , there were NO drawbacks to upgrading to 10.2 except $ $ $ . I see that others have had problems with peripherals and print drivers -- my experiecne has been exactly the opposite . Everything from ancient RS232 serial ports running through a Keyspan serial to USB converter has continued to work , and stuff which previously did n't , now does .
 I was skeptical of making the jump from OS 9 , but now that I 've been using OS X 10.2 for several months now , I must say I am totally impressed . It is rock solid , with a wonderful look and feel , and iTunes and iPhoto , in particular , are quite elegant and extremely useful . It recognizes your digital camera , imports the pictures easily , and provides great ways to share the photos -LRB- email , webpage , etc. -RRB- . Check out in particular the `` slide show '' option for viewing your photos ... it plays pre-selected music with the pictures -LRB- a great way to view them -RRB- , or allows you to select a song of your choosing ... I saw a guy do this and thought he must have spent considerable hours putting together this slide show when in fact all he did was select `` slide show . '' Similarly , iPod syncs with iTunes flawlessly and quickly . I 've also really like Entourage and use it as my default email program . Anyway , now that I 've been using OS X 10.2 , OS 9 looks drab to me . If you 're hesitating ... do n't . Make the move -- you wo n't regret it .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LRB- Money -RRB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LRB- Money -RRB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 OS X 10.2 is outstanding . I am neither an Apple ee nor a developer ; just someone who has been lucky enough to play with a pre-release version , and I can honestly say that the glow reflected in these reviews is real . 10.2 is a revelatory experience .
 If Apple had this OS 5 years ago , they 'd have a 30 % market share now . What they have here is a modern Unix-based OS with a truly friendly and useful interface but with all the power under the hood . The Mail program that comes with it is quite nice , and contains the best and easiest client-side spam filter I have ever encountered . iCal is nice , but is n't industrial strength.This OS never crashes - the only times I reboot are when upgrading software . Applications crash all the time , but the OS moves right along without a hiccup . Airport works seamlessly with DSL , even with my older base station . Firewire and USB are truly plug and play with no hitches . Quartz looks sharp . PDF is very well supported , and print-to-PDF seems to work well everywhere . Some of the Finder deficiencies of 10 . l have been fixed.My only major complaint is that the Java support needs to be updated . I hear that 's coming , but I do n't want to wait.Minor quibbles
 I rated Mac OS 10.1 at 4 stars , for a couple reasons . Primarily because it was slow on my Mac G3 400mhz with 256 mb RAM . Window resizing would take forever , sherlock 2 would crash frequently and not be useable until a restart , and lack of built in Samba networking support.Now with Jaguar I give it 5 stars . The window resizing speed has been increased so it is actually bearable on my old slow mac . I am networked in with a windows network and printer , which was a simple process . So I am sharing files with my university accounts , and printing to the network printers . The overall look of the OS and extra small features make it more complete in my opinion , about like the difference between MS Windows 95 and 98 . They work very similarly but the later is far superior.Mac OS X also works great if you run FTP servers , Web Pages , etc , because it has a lot of built in support for them , and I think Jaguar adds firewall protection for the computer . Useful for me since I am hooked in 24/7 . The install was simple -LRB- I installed from 10.1.5 to 10.2 -RRB- , there are a few options , to upgrade your old system -LRB- if you already have 10.1 -RRB- , to save your old system to a backup folder and perform a full installation , or to simply wipe everything and start from scratch . Total install time was about 1 hour on my machine.The biggest problem with Jaguar or any OS 10 that I have found is the lack of printer support . You may want to make sure if your printer is included in the supported printer list . See Apples website , - > Support - > discussions - > Mac OS X , for a good discussion list where you can ask questions . I would like to add that the printing has gotten better , my Epson 740 Color seems to work just fine with Jaguar , it always acted up with 10.1.5 , but there are still a few times when I try to print and it wont respond until I turn the printer off for about 2 minutes and turn it back on . Sometimes my help program will crash as well , if I get carried away and try to double click on everything.Overall I would say it is worth the money to upgrade , especially if you get the education discounts that Apple offers . I have been very pleased with Jaguar , and when I get a newer mac with dual processors , I am sure I would be happier . But it is still pleasent on my Mac G3 400 , and even on a friends iMac 333 it runs great . I would make sure you have 256 mb or more of RAM , especially if you do gaming . The iMac initially had about 160 MB in it , when I upgraded to 288 MB it was better . If you only have a G3 , I would avoid the games , I can play Diablo II and Warcraft III but there is quite a bit of hesitation , so I have to set to the worst graphics modes , but it works perfectly with MS Office X and other such applications.If you are switching from Mac OS 9 , I would suggest getting updated applications that make use of Jaguar 's improvements . Out with the old and in with the new is a very fitting statement for Jaguar -LRB- and OS X in general -RRB- , if you have a lot of expensive applications that need more than just simple updates , it may be wise to wait until you need to update them for another reason.And finally , many large software manufactures are now providing support for Mac 's new operating system . One of which is Mathworks , MatLab is now available again for the Mac running OS X. I am sure many more will follow . Finally Mac may have a great software base again , which is a big reason why people bought PC 's .
 I finally switched over to jag from 9.2 . i just love it.i can go from 9.2 to jag and back.I 'm using a powerbook-speed 667-ramn 768 . I tried out the browser `` omniweb '' . I went back to netscape 7 . I think its still the best browser , and I used them all.Now back to jag.Its the best thing out there , and i , ve run them all.From macs 7.6 all the way up , including windows 95-xp . Nothing runs like a jaguar.If you got a mac that can handle it-do it.you wont be disapointed .
 I purchased my copy early and have not been disappointed since . OS/X Jaguar is great ! Lots of tools included with the OS , it 's faster than the previous release , and has support for more devices . Plus there are so many enhancements and new features . A great deal!No regrets , I never looked back .
 10.2 is not so much an update , as it is an entirely a new OS . There are so many changes , some big , some small , but all are welcome . From interface changes , nice features and overall improvements in speed , this is what you have been waiting for . Great apps like iChat , Sherlock 3 , great features like internet sharing , CUPS printing with support for thousands of printers and Quicktime 6 , with MPEG-4 support . Do n't forget Rendevous for networking that just works and Inkwell handwriting recognition . The address book is brilliant , as is Mail and the spam filters . Like all the other Apple features , they are n't just easy ; they work . There is also expanded Audio -LRB- MIDI -RRB- support , GCC 3.1 , a much improved Preview and so many more features than I can list here.There is so much in Jaguar , there is something that will appeal to everyone . This is a mature release of OS X and while it has a many features for ` serious ' computer users , it is also , fun and a joy to use.Do yourself a favor and buy Jaguar . At the very least , drop in on an Apple store and use it , but bring your wallet ; if you use it , you 'll be buying it .
 Have an older iMac that had OS 9 . This was the highest OS X version the computer could handle . Had a program that required OS X and this worked fine . No problems at all to report .
 The product was as advertised AND included the ability to register the software . This is exactly what I needed to get my inherited iBook to function again .
 The Mac OS X 10.2 Jaquar -LRB- Old version -RRB- worked wonderfully in my mac comp . Made it run smoothly and effeciently . Was very pleased with product and the fast response to my order . Everything went smooth as glass . Great experience .
 this is the best operating system period ! the mac 's had to change their operating system ! its the best one out there . its cool because every application is n't apart of the operating system , so if the program crashes , your whole computer does n't crash ! if you have a mac/thinking about switching , you have to get this one !!!! or wait and get panther -LRB- 10.3 -RRB-
 Some people have mentioned that Windows XP is a much better OS than the 10.2 Jaguar . I have something to say about that : The OS X Jaguar is the most stable , reliable , and initiative OS ever made from Apple . Windows XP is an Operating System for computer newbies . I personally use Linux most of the time -LRB- Slackware -RRB- but when I am not using that , I am using Windows 2000 , which is a much better Operating System compared to Windows XP.Now back to the OSX Jaguar , I was very impressed with how little it crashed compared to my old OS . The email program specifically would crash very often , and the Jaguar really fixed this problem . Yay , now I have less to worry about when I get 300 pieces of spam mail in my inbox ! I found the Networking capabilities with PCs a nice bonus to this OS . Apple has realized that to partially win the battle , they have learned that if they ca n't beat them , minutely join them ! Networking the Apple and the PC together is a nice feature . Being able to share printers is also great . I was never able to do this with my other versions of Mac OS . I do n't know , maybe I was too stupid to know how , but on Jaguar it was a few clicks away and I was finished.I noticed that the graphics have been upped a small notch which is also a great feature , and ofcourse I see it taking more and more advantage of my G4 every day . I recommend this OS to any extreme Mac user .
 OS X 10.2 , code-named Jaguar , is a must have upgrade for modern Macs . While OS X was perhaps a little to sluggish on my rev.A iMac , on my iBook 700 , it has become my computing home . Yet , there were shortfalls in the initial versions of OS X. Features and polish that I was accustomed to , being a Mac user since Version 6 , were lacking . Jaguar makes OS X complete . Performance , functionality and user interaction are up to the level one expects from Apple .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 Ghz dual Intel cpu 2 Gig ram -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- Pro-Graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- I Have been drawn to the light of OS -- X.So to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computer I went to Apple.I bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Win 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so ! Not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 ; this 10.2 is faster and better in every way and in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt CAD software to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- money -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- money -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Thought Jaguar is a great update from 10.1 , it would be a much better move to wait for Panther which I 'm told will be released on October 24 . I will include all updated included in 10.2 , but you get faster previewing , user switching , and espose . You can see all the updates at apple.com . I have a developers gold copy , and it is really sweet .
 Interesting to see all the whining about various things and user threatening to go use Windows . Go ahead . Deal with the Microsoft nonsense , the nonstop security updates and the constant virus updates for my virus scanner . I just bought an ibook with OS X 10.2 installed in it and I love it . I am a NT/2000 Systems Administrator and I have 2 Windows XP machines at home but I thoroughly enjoy using OS X. I use it exclusively to do work at home leaving my XP machines to be expensive doorstops . I recommend that users buy one of the OSX books that list the hidden features/recommended settings to get full functionality of the OS . We NT/2000/XP user 's have to buy these books also because nothing in Windows is documented and Microsoft has everything turned on in it 's OSs at install so everything -LRB- including security -RRB- is wide open which is bad because a lot of applications/services that ordinary home users have no need for is hogging a lot of memory . Although I must admit paying so much to upgrade to Panther when it comes out is something that I am not looking forward to .
 All 's I can say is wow . I had been fearful of buying this OS , thinking that it was n't going to work on my older powerbook . It 's such a shame that I waited so long.The GUI is beautiful , the renderings are quick , and my machine has n't been restarted in weeks.Now that apple has released so many new products at Macworld , I 'm even happier . I ca n't wait to utilize Safari and the new iMovie , iTunes and iPhoto.If you are having any doubts about switching your OS , you should visit an apple store for an hour and try and make one of their demo computers crash . It ca n't be done . This is beautiful software .
 Jaguar recognized my USB CF Card reader , PCI/USB Card , and other peripherals without any additional drivers . It has lots of new features that make 10.1 look like the base model -- while this looks like the feature-packed deluxe model . A worthy upgrade .
 With the release of Mac OS X 10.2 , Mac OS X finally shows it self as a real OS . Since the release of 10.0 a year ago , Apple has been working around the clock to fix issues related to speed and cmpatability . With the release of 10.2 Jaguar and . Mac , these issues are for the most part solved . My Power Macintosh G4 and iBook systems run just as fast if not faster than they did under 9.2.2 and all the features are right there at your finger tips.Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar adds back in the features long missed in the first relaseses such as pop up folders and more control the customization of your computer . For those that are trying to compare 10.2 Jaguar to 9.2.2 stop now . This is a new operating system and leaves the old Mac OS behind embracing the Mac OS X heritage of the BSD Unix sub-system . Although Mac OS 9.2.2 is no longer included with Mac OS X , it is not needed anymore with almost all the apps now out for either Mac OS X or Unix . This is a must upgrade !
 I 've used OS X since the Public Beta and can remember feeling a bit anxious when I first saw how differently things were arranged . I was concerned that the Mac experience was about to be irreparably altered . As it turns out , each revision to this OS has improved on the original theme , and with `` Jaguar '' OS X 10.2 I find myself a confirmed OS X user ! I 'm in OS X 100 % of the time - returning to OS 9 has become an uncomfortable and disorienting experience -LRB- I would 've never thought it could happen -RRB- . While it is true that the best experience will come with updated hardware and software , I have found that most recent products are well supported in the `` Classic '' environment . And when updated products are used their application is seamless
 I have always been a big fan of Apple products ; from using an Apple IIe in grade school , to a Mac IIsi in high school , to the very first iMac , and now to a brand-new G4 tower . Thankfully I have converted my husband as well . But when we needed a second computer in our house in addition to our iMac DV , we opted for a PC because of its lower cost . We thought it would be really great because it had XP and we 'd be able to play more games on it . Bad idea . After a year and a half of use , it became so bogged down with spyware and adware that we had to reformat the hard drive twice in one week . Also , we needed to have a computer with a beefier video card than the iMac has , and unfortunately iMacs are only upgradeable in its RAM.Frustrated , we shopped around for a new Mac to replace the iMac . This time we decided to do it right and invest in a G4 tower . We bought directly from Apple , with 10.2 Jaguar installed.This machine works like a dream . My main problem with OS 9 was the fact that although it had the capability to setup different users on one computer , it did n't work all that well
 I , too , have been a loyal mac user for 17 years , and I can honestly say that this is the best OS I 've ever used . I do hard-core graphics work , and the difference between OS 9 and OS X is like night and day . I have ten programs open at once -LRB- Photoshop , Illustrator , InDesign , Word , Mail , Entourage , etc. etc. etc. -RRB- and this OS simply will not crash . I give it lots of speed -LRB- modern Macs -RRB- and RAM -LRB- 1 GB + -RRB- but who would n't ? This runs like a dream . It 's installed on all the Macs we have . Highly recommended .
 I saw the Jaguar beta demoed at the Atlanta Mac Users Group and was very impressed . Even in an unfinished state , it seemed to be noticeably faster and included spring-loaded folders -LRB- missing since OS 9 -RRB- , improved Sherlock , finder search function , and centralized contact database . I do n't think the price is out lof line since Apple has to make money somewhere to stay in business.I have n't been disappointed in OS 10.2 . My installation went flawlessly -LRB- it idid take awhile - at least 2 hours -RRB- and I 've had no OS-related problems since . Jaguar is definitely faster , especially booting Classic and opening Classic appliacations.I 've been using OS X since last fall and ca n't remember the last time I 've had to reboot due to a system crash/kernel panic . Since I have an iBook 2001 -LRB- no fan -RRB- , I never shut down the computer and instead just put it to sleep . I routinely achieve uptimes of 30 days or more . I only have to restart for the occasional software update , handled flawlessly by the Software Update system preference . By the end of 2002 I would like to be totally weaned off OS 9 although that may be a little optimistic .
 The 101 Dalmations Animated Storybook is remarkable ! It makes my nephew 's day when he can come over and play with it . His eyes light up when he sees the puppies on the screen . I think this is an EXCELLENT program and would recommend it to anyone . The print studio is another EXCELLENT bonus to this program . Coloring pictures that are printable are my favorite . Overall , I think that this program is one of the best available .
 Netstudio is a great piece of software when it comes to creating unique graphics for websites . For beginners , it 's one of the easiest graphics programs to use , and includes templates and a very friendly workspace . Beginners will be turning out custom graphics in no time . More experienced users can import and modify images , or create more complex graphics . I highly recommend Netstudio over PaintShop and some of the other pieces of graphics software .
 I started out with this graphic program and still have great use for it today in flash 5 8 -RRB- Buy , use it , create with it , love every minute of it !
 I 've been conducting web-design tutorials for three years now , and so far NetStudio is the BEST web graphics creation tool I 've ever come across ! It takes about an hour to learn and beats the learning-curve of Photoshop or anything else ; it 's not as complicated and has the convenience of step-by-step wizards . Nothing quite like it out there . I also use NetStudio when I do presentations for clients -LRB- I 'm a freelance designer also -RRB- , because you can create a website -LRB- in front of your client ! -RRB- in a few minutes . As teacher and user , I recommend !!! And by the way ... NetStudio has a very literate support staff -LRB- meaning , they talk in full sentences -RRB- . That 's something new in this industry .
 When I first bought the product , I did n't think that it would come close to Britannica or Encarta . But when I first used it , I found it very resourceful and a very cool tool to use to gather information on one topic . Since I was a Greek Mythology expert , I tried finding information on Greek characters . And there it was ! Some of the people and events that I did n't even learn was right on there ! It also has cool features like media center , which allows you to choose to search for one kind of information , for instance
 I used this to create estimates , then it lets you transfer that estimate right to an invoice . Very user friendly , It keeps track of all the invoices for future use , so you can see what the customer paid on a yearly basis , no need to upgrade very useful for small businesses or handyman type businesses .
 I would say that even by looking at the boz cover and reading the back of it would really make you think , `` Wow ! This is really cool ! '' I said that when I saw this software game .
 I have used PC Study Bible for a good 10 years and there is no question that this is the easiest to use software available for the money . Unlike other software programs , all resources are automatically linked so you can immediately go to a related reference or references in commentaries , the Hebrew or Greek , etc. . Plus , in every resource , there is a window to view verses so you do n't have to go back to the Bible program . You can also view up to 8 versions of the Bible at one time . I could go on and on.I noticed the reviewer who rated it only two stars had a problem with it but that is because the new version is so hefty , you simply have to have a more recent computer . I had some initial problems with the new version as well -LRB- did n't work with NT and 2000 -RRB- but they have cleared all these up and it now runs like a charm -LRB- all new versions have the update -RRB- . No question ... this is the best product for any layperson who does n't want to do verb parsing , etc. . There simply is n't anything that works as well and is as easy to use .
 I love this software , and I love it for the capabilities it gives me . At the click of a button , I can see how the verse is translated in a number of translations.The commentaries come from a variety of perspectives . If one author 's view of Scripture does n't match yours , another may be more to your liking.But the feature that I think is worth the price of the software alone is its look at the meaning of the words in the original languages . I do n't know a jot or tittle of Greek or Hebrew , but the Lexicons offer a tremendous explanation of what the words really meant when the author penned them . If you want the benefit of the original languages without the blood , sweat , and tears that would go into the learning of them , this software is for you .
 This is an excellent Bible Study program . I work at a large church and we find this software invaluable . No other suite is this easy to use and contains this much reference material . It is easy and powerful for both the novice and the expert .
 It is a great and complete Bible study tool.It is especially helpful in examining any original Bible word using its Greek/Hebrew study tools which allows you to find all the same Greek/Hebrew words in the entire Bible .
 When I took the plunge several years ago and purchased Bible software , I read every review I could get my hands on . I compared features , cost , expandability , and the long-term projections . While every bible software package has weaknesses and strengths , I am very pleased with this purchase . The updates have been fairly inexpensive , and this Complete Reference package provides a good foundation for in-depth research . I like the ease of moving between translations , commentaries , dictionaries , etc. . The levels of cross-reference are substantial because you can follow an idea from one passage to commentaries , dictionaries , and more at the click of a button . This version comes with an authoring feature that allows you to add you own materials and books . No software is perfect , so this ca n't get 5 stars . Some of the drawbacks include the following
 I have used PC Study Bible since version 1 with complete satisfaction . The supplied Bible versions and other tools for study that are included provide a wealth of information that makes studying the Bible not only a breeze but a joy to do .
 I believe this is an outstanding software product , and what convinced me to buy it for its content was a single one-star rating by a postmodern liberal , who like our culture , rejects truth and absolutes . `` What 's right for you is n't necessarily write for me , '' does n't cut it with God . God is absolute , and so is His Word -- no warm and fuzzy stuff to make us feel good about ourselves . Thanks for convincing me to buy this product , Mr. Liberal !
 We have an old copy of Number Maze on an old Mac , and my kids still love to play it ! It allows you to set various skill levels for each user so it can grow with a child 's level . The kids like doing the mazes and getting their castle rooms filled with things . They will play it for hours . Wish they 'd bring it back so I can get a copy for my pc .
 I have been a user of PC Bible Software for over six years , I highly recomend this program , it is a great resource and will certainly enhance your Bible study and knowledge . It is user friendly and has a built in macro that works with Word to automatically add Bible verses to your doc . with a click of the mouse . GREAT PRODUCT !!
 As a early childhood educator & special ed . teacher for more than 15 years , I find that children , especially those with reading problems , like the computer . It offers a patient , fun approach to difficult tasks.I have used Reading Maze for several years and the children really like it . Given an extensive software library to choose from , it is a frequent selection.The game play is easy to master and the levels increase in difficulty slowly enough to foster good feelings and quickly enough to allow a challenge.I recommend this title for ages 3-7 or 8 depending on ability.I use it with my own kids at home aged 2 and 4 ...
 I used to pretend to play this game by searching for objects in this program around my house pretending I was a police officer investigating a house for criminals . While the objects in ReadingMaze are all on tables , in my version of the game I could hunt for the object located anywhere in any room . Since there were 26 mazes-one for each letter of the alphabet-I once did one object search game a day as a countdown to the end of my school year and made a miniature bookshelf out of a tissue box and folded miniature pieces of paper in half to be the books in which I 'd record the objects I found in each game . And yes , I 'd have somebody be the elf transporting me from room to room .
 My older son used this software to learn maps of the world for tests in middle school World Geography . I started looking for it again when by younger son started the same class 4 years later , we wanted an updated version . I am stupified that this product is n't on every educational software site because it is SO WONDERFUL.My older son is ADD and trying to get him to study hard copy maps for hours on end , learning countries , capitals , rivers , mountains etc. was more than a chore - it was painful . This product was recommended by his teacher . It turned this into a game , but one without extraneous activities . Carmen San Diego may be fun , but it is too easy to get off task . World Discovery Deluxe is like a map version of concentration in a computer game . My son actually reached the point where he could mouse click on every country in Africa with 100 % accuracy , without any country borders drawn on the continent . This software challenged him to beat his own time records.I understand that the use is very specific , more general textbook information is not included in our 1996 version , i.e. commerce , political structure ... But you will not find a better tool to teach a child in middle school or high school map information .
 WOW !! I ca n't believe this product has been discontinued . It is the greatest , most fun way to learn U.S. and world geography I 've found . I 'm trying to find a second CD Rom because the thought of not having one if ours gets ruined , practically gives me hives ! My first child learned her states , capitals , countries , and flags by playing against me or the clock when she was in 4th grade . My second daughter is in 4th grade now and we 're still using this tool . She has 90 % of the world 's countries and regions memorized and can beat anyone she challenges . We do n't even look at this as school -LRB- we homeschool -RRB- , but more as a game . The whole family plays . We 've recommended it to friends and teachers and everyone loves it . Please , please , bring it back .
 I am so disappointed that this terrific geography game has been discontinued.I had this game and it was not only fun , but I learned so much from it . Why has n't someone come out with a new one . With todays tech it could really be amazing .
 I was planning on using Christmas money to buy one of much more expensive Sonar programs but my brother bought me this because he knew I wanted to set up a home studio . I 've really enjoyed this program so far . If you are a beginner to computer recording you might want to consider Music Creator 2003 . I used the extra money I was planning to spend the Cakewalk Sonar software to get a quality soundcard -LRB- M-Audio Delta 44 -RRB- , condenser microphone -LRB- AT3035 -RRB- , and preamp . The results have been great so far . I use a Dell computer with Windows 2000XP and have n't had any of the problems others user claim to have had . I just downloaded DirectX version 8.1 from Cakewalk 's website and downloaded the updated drivers for my Delta soundcard from M-audio 's website . Everything has worked like a charm . Soundwise , the results have been very impressive . I 've spent lots of money to record in studio 's and the results have not come out nearly as good as the results I 'm getting on my computer right now . I put $ 40.00 aside in order to get the ` Music Creator 2003 Pro ' upgrade from Cakewalk 's website . I 've been so pleased with this program I decided to forget the upgrade and put the forty bucks toward getting an extra microphone . So if you want to get started recording music on your computer and are on a budget I suggest getting this program and using the money you will save to buy other recording equipment . This will keep you plenty busy for a while.Just to note
 I decided to buy this in the `` PC Music Pack '' version because I needed a midi to pc cable . I was impressed with it and began using it exclusively . Compared to other software at this price range , this is the best . It is in fact a lite version of Sonar , which will run you $ 400 . This is a good way to start learning to use Sonar and recording . The included synths are great if you have an Oxygen8 or other MIDI controller . You can use Livesynth for more pro sounding instruments , but between Edirol and Dreamstation , you will be busy . The MIDI effects , like arpegiator and echo delay are great and realistic . I 'm still making new Dreamstation sounds . Music Lab products work great , I use Slicy Drummer . There are a few extra steps than when you use sonar , you need to add an audio track and the DXi as an effect , then select that in the midi out , whereas in sonar you click `` insert synth . '' I think the pro version fixes this now . I found the only setback was the limited amount of effects , but the effects included are good and usually the ones I use most . I have tried Sonar and this basically has everyhting I used in Sonar . Now for $ 39 I am upgrading to Music Creator Pro , which has the 24-bit capability and some improvements , so I highly recommend this and the upgrade . For a total of $ 70 , I will essentially have everything I need for pro recording , and when I can purchase Sonar 3 , I can open my files and work with the unlimited effects and production even further , but I will be able to produce what I need with CMC Pro and Sound Forge Studio XP .
 This thing is very impressive ! I 've been able to put together some serious music using the built in software synthesizers and loops , then plugging in a mic to my sound card . It never seems to run out of tracks so I can keep adding new ideas to my songs . It 's a snap . The design is nicely laid out and there are a still a boatload of features that I have n't even touched yet . I wo n't be changing my virtual music studio anytime soon . Nice job Cakewalk !
 Very solid release from Cakewalk . Especially for the price . Ca n't beat it . It is very easy to navigate and you 'll be making music in no time . But despite the fact that is easy to get started , this is still some powerful software . Plus it comes with a great bundle .
 This is a wonderful program that lets you compose your own great MIDI music , and even lets you record both audio and MIDI . It is easy to use and lets you sample notes before you use them . There are over 125 instruments -LRB- some of you will be glad to know that Cakewalk calls them `` patches '' -RRB- to choose from . You can type in durations to last for as many beats as you want . You should go one day at a time and learn its features like I did . All the stuff I wanted to know were n't even in the manual . But anyway , great job , Cakewalk !
 Cakewalk Music Creator is a great program for anyone who wants to compose for any purpose . It allows easy access to a wide range of MIDI and audio functions . It is not at all hard to figure out , and the results sound great .
 This is a great product . It has an excellent user interface and good help files . I have been downloading free Soundfonts from the internet -LRB- I have a SB Audigy sound card -RRB- and playing them with the midi sequencer . Wow .
 I bought this program to record songs on my computer and to record more than one track to a song . when I first brought it home it was a little hard to use but after about two days it was so easy . I am able to make awesome songs and the sound quality coming from the instuments is good . It hardy ever screws up or breaks down , its reliable , its easy and its fun . For the price its the best MIDI program out there and you can always trust cakewalk , belive me even if you are just a beginner get this .
 I bought this program to record songs on my computer and to record more than one track to a song . when I first brought it home it was a little hard to use but after about two days it was so easy . I am able to make awesome songs and the sound quality coming from the instuments is good . It hardy ever screws up or breaks down , its reliable , its easy and its fun . For the price its the best MIDI program out there and you can always trust cakewalk , belive me even if you are just a beginner get this .
 This is the best program I have ever seen for music . Not only can I create sheet music of songs I have written I can also create accompanyment CDs for any song I have sheet music for . It is well worth the cost of it .
 This is the first cakewalk sequencer I have purchased since the one bundled with Sound Blaster AWE32 soundcards , which was very basic . -LRB- Sorry ca n't recall the name -RRB- It is very good value compared to the competition , ie Acid or Ableton Live , but is less intuitive in terms of the user interface in my opinion , which tends to be a bit cluttered in some ways.Plasma is essentially a midi sequencer -LRB- in the feature packed tradition of cakewalk products -RRB- with the ability to record audio straight to disk , and to sequnce that Audio in the form of Loops much like Acid from Sonic Foundry . Unlike Acid to use a loop more than one time in a track you can not simply draw the loop with the cursor . You have to actually load it in again from the loop preview window , or copy and paste from the last occurence of the loop . This is somewhat annoying when you are in a hurry to complete a mix of reasonable length , and is not near as intuitive as Acid 's loop drawing feature . As usual midi sequencing is very good , with plenty of different and usefull quantize and midi editing features , as many have come to expect from cakewalk.A great strength of plasma is it 's bundled effects module known as FXPAD , it is quite usefull for getting a quick idea of the type of effect you are after , though -LRB- to my ears -RRB- it is somewhat lacking in sound quality compared to stand-alone third party Directx plugins.Another great feature is the bundled loops , which are on the same install CD as the software itself in the form of . wav files . They are mostly usefull loops , though some of them are a bit cheesy sounding , also only some are marked with actual speed in BPM in the filename , which causes headaches if you are in a hurry . There could also be more hi-hat patterns and lead-ins in the percussion section.What I like the most about plasma is actually the sound engine itself . It is very LOW LATENCY in terms of the time for a sound to enter the soundcard , be processed , and be output . This makes it great for use with realtime effects and softsynths . -LRB- Be aware though that it only supports DirectX plugins , no VST -RRB- . It achieves it 's low latency performance , by bypassing the microsoft API known as KMixer which is responsible for latency issues for realtime audio processing under windows . Kmixer can cause latency to be minimum 30ms -LRB- + that of your particular soundcards drivers -RRB- which is terrible for live recording/performance . I got 20ms latency on a duron 800 -LRB- KT-133A chipset -RRB- , using the built in AC-97 Codec and the latest drivers from VIA ! Even better realtime performance -LRB- less than 10Ms ! -RRB- is available using a run of the mill soundblaster Live card plus driver from the Russian Kx-Project . -LRB- I can not recommend enough for SB owners to switch to these awesome replacement drivers , which by the way are free , and about 3MB in size compared to Creative 's 20MB garbage -RRB- Try doing a search in google for this.It is very good in my opinion to have such good realtime DSP performance -LRB- Thanks to the well optimized SONAR Engine -RRB- without having to shell out for a Pro-Spec soundcard such as those based on the Envy-24 chipset . They are great cards but are not cheap.Cakewalk Plasma is basically Sonar minus a few features . The feature that I personally regret not having is the ability to use more than one soundcard at a time . There are more differences that I do n't have the time to cover here . Cakewalk are quite helplfull answering questions -LRB- I have found -RRB- so write to them to clarify the differences if you are seriously considering buying this product.I am currently mixing together a rap demo-CD for a friend from the pre-made loops plus his freestyle rapping . Overall it has been a hassle free experience so far ... : -RRB- All in All - Cakewalk Plasma is A good Value Product , with plenty of Bang-for-Buck . I hope this review has been usefull to you . Best of Luck ~ Cameron
 Creating new music is easy with Plasma.It does n't matter what you want to record-keyboards , vocals , live turntable scratches , CD samples , or any other sound source.And you can do it all on the PC you already own - no expensive hardware is required.yeah this looks cool to all the peoples in town well what u think about this go get this gear and be adj ! .
 this product is off the hizzle fo shizzle dizzle ! i made some hot beats on this sheez .
 My 4 year old daughter loves this program . After spending time with educational programs she needs a fun break . She has created the most beautiful horses of every color , style and breed . It 's easy to use and she has n't gotten bored .
 This software is similar to the first Magic 3D one , except this one has more varieties . Great for kids 6 and under . Cause once you get to 7 years old , 2nd grade , this type of coloring would become boring .
 I hesitated in buying this game , but glad I did . Has so many colors and also has the option of coloring by numbers or letters . There is also sparkle crayola and animated pictures . Very nice for kids 8 and under .
 This is our second Crayola electronic coloring book and the kids love it . We had no compatability problems with windows xp . It seems to work fine .
 I just bought this CD for my son and he adores it . This is his favorite CD to play with . He 's attached to my computer and I ca n't keep him off it .
 This product was wonderful and I reccomend to anyone !
 As a support person for over 200 PC 's , I got sick and tired of the enduser 's complaining about Roxio EZCD 5 . The only thing EZ about it was how `` easy '' it was to cause memore grief.Upgrading to EZCD `` Platinum edition '' fixed most of the enduser 's complaints.But the EZCD that came with the CDRW drives was supposed to `` save us money '' . -LSB- Meaning that we bought a certain cdrw drive which provided a copy of EZCD , supposedly saving us the price of buying a cdrw software burner package.Instead we had to buy upgrades , meaning the Platinum edition , which is n't cheap -RSB- . Having seen the problems with EZ , I bought Pyro for my own use.I have used Pyro 1 and now Pyro 2003 . The only thing I did not like about Pyro -LRB- which is an issue with the maker of pyro , Cakewalk -RRB- was their upgrade polcy.A lot of companies will let you upgrade to the latest version , at a reduced price.The price for previous owners was basically the retail price.No decent pricebreaks for previous owners .
 Well , after discovering the almost obvious method for renaming audio tracks , I am writing this to add to my earlier review in which I said that you could n't rename the tracks . Oops ! Have made several audio CDs with no problems . Have n't made any data CDs yet , so no useful comment on that .
 This is the best -LSB- X -RSB- that I 've spent in a long time . I 've been using another higher priced piece of software that never ran correctly in Windows XP . Pyro was a cinch to install and runs rock-solid . Also , the interface puts all of its features in one workspace which is my favorite part . Now I easily organize and rip MP3s , transfer my old cassettes and records to CD and clean up the clicks and noises , make mix CDs with cross fades and easily make the track volumes even throughout . Pyro gives you complete control when naming or renaming tracks that are ripped or downloaded . This comes in handy because I like to shorten names so they appear complete in the window of my portable MP3 player . Incidentally , I use Pyro to upload and download to my portable as well . Also , I now use Pyro to burn standard data disks and backup the important files on my hard drive . I do n't need to use any other CD burning or MP3 software . This thing rocks !
 So far , this has been a great product . Within 3 minutes after installing , I was on the way to making a compilation and got through the entire process without ever even glancing at a help file . The interface is simple and easy to navigate . The ability to manipulate crossfades , track volumes , and markers all on one simple screen is wonderful . I have just briefly tried the noise reduction feature , and it also seems to work just fine . Another plus for this product is that it does not insist on trying to retrieve CDDB information like some other programs do every time you load a disc . I might have deducted a half star if it was possible , for the simple reason that when you extract audio to a file , you ca n't name the file . It automatically names them `` Track 01 '' , etc. . I know that is why you have the ability to use CDDB , but I do n't think that would help much with some of the more obscure CD titles . Anyway , this seems to be a very good piece of software , and there were no installation problems .
 Compared to first version of Pyro , the 2003 version is way out front , in fact almost unrecognizable . It takes a little getting used to but the editing capability is terrific . The only problem is that when you learn enough to edit downloads and live performances you want more editing capacity than Pyro 2003 provides . The basic program allows volume leveling , cropping , fading in and out , overlapping tracks , and splitting tracks and that 's it . In order to do more editing one should look at Sound Forge XP Studio , unless your a professional and need Sound Forge Professional or Pro Tools.For everyday home editing I 'm very happy with Cakewalk 2003 . Maybe even in their next version they will put some more editing tools in .
 If you 're into making a lot of CD 's , do n't even hesitate , buy this product . Like most times when I download something new I think , `` great , ca n't wait to see the documentation on this one ! '' Well , you wo n't even need any . The interface is so easy and combined with the help screens , you will be making your first CD in about 5 minutes . It runs flawlessly in my Windows Me environment , not at all slow . I can burn an 80 minute CD at 12x in about 4 minutes . If you 're into live recordings , the edit and crossfade options are a must . You have complete control of the length of fade in/outs through a simple slider you can drag over the sound file or you can overlap tracks by specifying down to a 10th of a second . You can crop out unwanted noise or blank spaces . You can also add or move track indicators at any time if you 're not happy with where they are . It has an automatic volume setter which makes the volume of all the tracks consistent throughout the recording , or you can set each track 's volume manually and it even has a VU meter so that you do n't accidently set the volume too high and distort or saturate the recording . It is true that when you edit a track , you have to save the edited track before you add it back to a project , but I did n't find that so bad . I have to admit that it confused me a little at first , but once I figured out that was how to do it , saving the edited track only took about a minute . It actually saves the edited track separately in your music folder , not writing over your original , so if you really mess up your edit , you still have your original file to go back to . I 've had no problems , so I can not speak about any support issues and I have n't used the De-noise feature for cleaning up LP 's and Cassettes yet . It 's really strictly for audio or data CD 's of course , so nothing for DVD . If you 're brand new to CD burning or not overly technical , beginners may find this product a little too sophisticated to start with . However , if you 've been doing it for a long time and have been searching for a product with really cool features that 's extremely easy to use , this is the one . You wo n't be disappointed .
 After having a bad time with Roxio EZ Creator 5 , I went to the Pyro 2003 and had a pleasant surprise . It works ! It might not be as fast or in some cases as easy as the Roxio was , but at least the damn thing works .
 This program rocks ! Install was quick and simple and runs flawlessly on Win XP . At half the price of Easy CD Creator , it has double the controls . If you 're shopping for a CD burner program , stop here and get this one before the company realizes they could double the price and still outsell the competition . Highlights for me include the ability to adjust the volume of individual tracks prior to burning , the music editor , and fading controls . The price was just welcomed surprise from a software company .
 I wo n't lie to you it took me about an hour to get it.Im the typical male who wont read the instructions to anything . But even so I got it down in about an hour or so.Im use to the Roxio burner , and Pyro is day to night to that burner . But once I got eveything down it was smooth sailing from there . Of the recordings I have made I have had no problems at all . Pyro lets you fade , volume control etc. . The only drawback is that it is a little slow burning compared to Roxio . Great for those new to burning also .
 My kids love this CD ! Even I had fun playing with it Great graphics and lots of fun activities
 Bought this to complement Disney Magic Artist ... well ... it does n't even complement Windows Paint in quality.You get a blurry 640x480 screen with spattering low quality graphics . If you 've been spoiled with good quality software , you may find this one unacceptable.Yet , I gave it 4 stars because my daughter declared that she likes it anyway .
 I bought this CD for my son and he loves it . He calls it `` Masterpiece '' and he 's created beautiful masterpieces with it . He 's attached to my computer .
 I love this program . You can type in all sorts of problems and it shows you how to solve the problem . I use it for Algebra but it has a lot of other features . Do your homework and learn on your own , but when you really get stumped , this software will really help you -- 5-star program ...
 -LSB- ... -RSB- the Calc . Assistant I bought from you is the absolute best software on the market that money can buy . Not only does it help you specifically with Calculus , but it carefully guides you through specific topics of Algebra and Pre-Calc as well . Plus , it will guide you through any problem you can think of , with all the algebraic and higher math steps involved ! I never knew how much help I needed with group factoring until I bought your program ! I 've bought Mathematica and Calculus Wiz and they 're nothing compared to your ingenius exercises you 've devised for the math enthusiast . Ease of use and straightforwardness is additionally an invaluable advantage .
 This web tools provides a lot of useful predesigned graphics . It made my job easier and looked better . I would recommend this tools to anyone who loves to play with web page . It 's easy to use and it will make your page looks very professional .
 At first I was skeptical about this product . I 've never heard of them before and this was the first time I 've tired something new . I was having the worst time with my Norton 2007 . I would lost my internet connection everytime i turned on the firewall . My computer started to process super slow ! Enough was enough , i decided . I went ahead and uninstalled Norton from my computer but it WO N'T UNINSTALL !!! I called their tech support and they could n't remove it either . A friend of mines told me to use a MS removal tool which did the job . what a disaster . Well ... on the brighter side , when i got my computer back up and running , I went to my local computer store and saw this System Suite 7 and thought why not ? It ca n't do anymore damage than what Norton did . Turns out this was the best decision I 've ever made . It fixed everything on my PC and its now super fast ! Oh , did I mention that my internet works now too ? WOOT ! WOOT ! VCOM ROCKS !
 Besides the nicer-looking interface , Systemsuite 7 's really not a big change from Systemsuite 6 . I did n't notice any improvement in performance in tools like JetFrag -LRB- Hard disk defragmentation -RRB- or Registry Fixer . I actually noticed that certain tools in version 7 actually seem to run slower than version 6 . However , new to version 7 is a tool to edit the list of startup programs . If the Startup commander recognizes a certain driver or start up program , it 'll have a description and recommendation -LRB- keep , recommend to delete , up to user , etc. -RRB- . Also tool I noticed -LRB- which may have been in version 6 too -RRB- is the ability to create a rescue CD disk , to be used if your computer gets into big trouble.I 've read of numerous complaints of people using Norton Systemworks , mainly because of the computer resource drain and compatibility issue . Systemsuite 7 seems to run fine on my comp and probably does all that Norton Systemworks does . Overall it was a great value because I paid $ 19.99 for an upgrade download instead of the regular price.One caution though -LRB- and the same applies to Systemsuite 6 -RRB- is that the RegistryFixer may detect entries that are valid , and deleting them can have an undesirable impact on your machine . RegistryFixer tends to detect over a few hundred errors each time I use it , and it could be because it can get a bit overly-aggressive with the detection.P.S . I did n't try Systemsuite 7 's antivirus , antispam , and firewall programs . I use Zonealarm for those instead . So I ca n't comment on the performance and quality of those
 First , to those reviews with their complaints the firewall or antivirus or spyware does n't work as good as it used to I say so what , there is no one perfect all encompassing program ! Buy this software for the incredible utilities inside it and do n't use those features . I certainly do n't having trusted others for my firewall and virus and spyware protection but this software is a great collection of tools and the Recovery Commander has saved my bacon time after time when windows restore did not work and recover the system . I would pay the price for that one utility , let alone the defraggers for the registry and hard drives and auto scheduling capability for the many utilities . Quit whining and just point out this is not an all in one answer but a good choice for computer maintenance and recovery planning . I have used the software since version 5 when I stopped using Norton 's System Utilities and found this product way better . So buy it , and be happy with what it does for you ! No one has a better utility package and buy your firewall/antivirus elsewhere with those you trust to have the best in your mind . By the way , I am running Vista and it works fine .
 I have been using this software since version 4 and have been very happy with it . I updated to version 7 and like everyone else had problems with the firewall starting correctly.This now seems to be fixed and the software is working fine on both my computers , and doing a good job.You get 3 licences with this version which is good.I have only given 4 stars as it was cheeky of them to release software that did n't work properly in the first place , and put everyone through the pain of trying to make it work.I rate this above other brands as it just works nicely without continually hassling you while you work .
 I had an older version of this product , and because it seemed useful I bought the new version . I ca n't vouch for the antispyware and antivirus modules , as I do not use them because my suspicion is that other free , share or pay products such as Spybot , AVG , and McAfee perform better in these regards . All the other modules , such as Clean up , registry cleaner , disk defrag , and registry defrag appear to work well , but to be honest I 'm not sure I detect much improvement in system performance after their application . Better safe than sorry , I suppose .
 Worth the price for what it does . Actually their previous versions did more . I think Advanced System Care Professional is probably a better option today .
 I 've had SS7 installed on my my computers since it first came out . No , I do n't use the firewall -LRB- outdated -RRB- or the antivirus -LRB- obsoleted -RRB- . But there are a number of amazing tools for the advanced technician that can make an old PC new again . - File cleanup filtersYou can set custom filters , from simple to complex , to delete old files . I have filters to delete all files in c : \ Documents and Settings / -LSB- user -RSB- / Local Settings/Temp that are NOT text files . This deletes a lot of junk while leaving useful logs that may be needed later - Delete web cache , history , and trash for all usersGets it all gone in one click - Delete all * . tmp files ` nuff said . - Registry FixerThis puts all other registry fixers to shame . While CCleaner finds nothing wrong with the registry , the Registry Fixer found 1200 entries that needed to be deleted . After backing up my registry -LRB- duh -RRB- I let Fixer delete those entries . One reboot later and you 'd think I had doubled the CPU speed - starts up 30 % faster and opens programs and files in a flash . MUCH more responsive computer . Better than `` professional '' programs that cost $ 40 or more . - Disk FixerBetter than Window 's scandisk with more options , this fixes hard drive errors . - Smart Disk CheckYou always ignore this until one of your drives fails . - Create CheckpointThis is another amazing app . More comprehensive than Windows System Restore , this backs up registry items along with system files . Also allows you to do a partial restore . I had a user get a nasty email virus -LRB- new as of that day -RRB- and while Windows System Restore did n't help , restoring from the VCOM Checkpoint restored the computer to working order while also removing the -LRB- well hidden -RRB- virus . - MoveYou can back up any installed application - files and registry items - and create an installation package that you can use to install on a new computer.There are other useful applications like hardware diagnostics , clock sync , and more.It 's important that , if you install this program out of the box , you must immediately install the update to update it from v7 .0.0.0 to 7.1.1.19 . Without that crucial update you might get the problems others here are having .
 That 's right , another called SYSTEM CARE PROFESSIONAL . Same V-COM support and utilities . Same add-ons . Same everything except SCP has more features than this `` new '' version under the VCOM label , which was given a different name and prettier box . If you want 5 stars , see my review of System Care Professional . This one is fine , but if you want all VCOM offers , check out the offering when packaged under the Vanquest label -LRB- which is far cheaper in a Brick and Mortar store -RRB- , now that this one is being promoted heavily.Just passing along the info . I usually find out about this stuff after I bought the lesser version . 4 Stars because the best is in an uglier box.For those with horror stories about this program , it is most likely : A -RRB- Used on a system that did not meet minimum requirements.B -RRB- Used on an O.S. that was incompatible.C -RRB- Failure to remove conflicting programs or close all Windows programs that were running before installing.D -RRB- A pirated disc bought off eBay or some other auction site .
 I bought this version after running v 6 for a year . It has worked just fine . No crashes . Speedy defrags . Regular updates.My decision to give it a 4 is to avoid grade inflation . I never trust any of these products and tend to blame them for all my computer 's ills . This one has n't created any , that I know of .
 I use it for everything including defraging . It simply works very , very well . It is remarkable for an all in one product .
 Was weary of this product based on previous reviews . My Norton anti virus was expiring and I was tired of how system works slows my system . Installed system suite and must admit it did n't seem to work right . I then downloaded the most recent update and that solved the problem . So far so good . Norton would take an hour or longer to defrag a 120 Gig drive , system suite does it in about 15 minutes or less . I really like the startup commander . It tells you what all the junk that loads when you start your computer is and tells you if it is safe to disable it . I have run the registry cleaner and my computer still works !!
 I am a fan of the System Suite pc security products . I have used them for several years , and find them very well constructed and easy to use . I had used another security service in the past , but they did n't supply me with the protection for my pc that this product gives me . I highly recommend it .
 I bought System Suite 5 several years ago when I got my Sony Vaio desktop.I was very pleased to find one product that did so many things for my computer . I was very happy with the Anti-Virus , and Net Defense firewall.Vcom even updated my Anti-Virus for 2 years ! I have not had a major problem with my computer that System Suite could not handle.Well when I was looking to upgrade I naturaly looked to the newest version 7 of System Suite . Well imagine my suprise when I started reading bad reviews on this new version . Reviewers seemed to have problems with Net Defense , which has protected my system from a serious attack . This was a major part of my decision to use System Suite.So I contacted Avanquest tech support and they told me that they had a patch to fix the program . So first I deleted SS5 from my computer then I loaded the SS7 using the custom setup and did not load Net Defense at first . I made sure every thing else seem to work ok then I loaded Net Defense from within System Suite . I had no problems with this , and Net Defense has worked very well . I did have an issue with Easy Update , but Avanquest answered my Email and that is fixed as well.I like the new interface that makes it easy to see how your system is preforming . I have Defraged my disk drives , which ver . 5 had stopped doing , erased useless files , fixed my start up , and my system is working much quicker since I installed SS7 . I had several ad ware programs , Spybot , AdAware , etc. . But SS7 found many more hidden files that the other programs just skipped over.Do not be afraid of this program , IMHO it is the best priced , most comprehensive program of its type . -LRB- As other reviewers pointed out Norton also dogged my system -RRB- . I have always been happy with Avanquest Tech Support , they have always responded in a reasonable time frame and worked with me till the problem is fixed .
 I have been a user since SS4.I received SS7 in a direct order from nothingbutsoftware , where it was just $ 9.99 . -LSB- and by purchasing it , I obtained FREE shipping vs having to pay about $ 10 . xx S&H. ; So I bought it , as it was a money saving deal -RSB- . In years past , I used SS4 , SS5 asnd SS6 for their utilities like defrag , reg cleanup and disk repair.Under XP , my favorite tool is powerdesk -LSB- since microcrap no longer offers a file manager type utility -RSB- . I recently installed 2 of the SS7 's 3-user licenses on my home pc 's . I will say that the Anti-malware or anti-spyware portion of SS7 did a very good job at finding a few `` pests '' that my other anti-malware software missed.I have n't tested my firewall portion of the SS7 suite yet ; but the previous reviews I read today have me more than a bit concerned.I try to get away from any `` MEGA '' utility bundle or `` MEGA '' utility suite , as I do n't use all the utilities anyway.For the ones I do require , many times I find it easier to buy separate products.The following is my .02 cents for software utilities :1 . V-com - I signed up for their newsletter.At least 2-3 times in 2007 , I was offered POWER DESK PRO 6 for 75 % off -LSB- was $ 39.99 , on sale for $ 9.99 -RSB- . I have 3 copies of powerdesk pro 6 . It has a great file manager + zip utility + FTP + synching , etc. 2 . registry cleaner or repair : - JV16 power tools or their standalone Registry supreme pro . - pc tools Registry mechanic3 . drive defrag - O&O ; software -LSB- they give you 5 or 6 ways to defrag . Plus , they sell server defrag software we 've used at work and has NEVER messed up our server drives ; even RAID sets were SAFELY defragged by O&O. ; - RAXCO 's Perfectdisk - I use it at work , for VMS and windows.Not as flexible as O&O ; , but gets the job done . -LSB- I keep hoping diskkeeper will get their product up to a comparable level like O&O ; or RAXCO -RSB-
 I have had 5 , 6 and now 7 . love this product as it is one program that does it all . So glad you made it
 I have n't seen a better product on the market . My computer was so infected and slowed down due to viruses , trojans , ect that it was almost impossible to use . Since I installed System Suite 7 my computer is working better than it did when it was new . To let you know how bad it was , it took about 4 hours of running diagnostics and cleanup before it was back to new . I have used the previous edition before and was very happy with it , and that is why I chose this product , I knew it would work .
 Does practically everthyhing . A little more refinement would enable me to rate it 5 stars .
 This was a blast to work on . Lots of layout drawings . My skill was n't as good back when this was made . But some of the art looks quite nice.There were some talented artists that worked on it .
 I bought the first game of Purple Moon 's Rockett 's New School when I was in the 4th grade . I wanted to play the game again just to relive some of my childhood memories but Rockett 's New School does n't work on XP so I bought Rockett 's Tricky Decision and I was so happy that I was able to play it on my laptop.The plot of Tricky Decision is how you decide Rockett should give back the secret notebook she had found to its rightful owner by clicking one of the three bubbles of Rockett 's possible reactions . Also , Rockett would be given a chance to join the CSGs but the 3 CSG members are questioning the validity of Rockett 's claim of being a fellow Sagittarian.You get to look through other student 's lockers and you get to visit the School 's News Room , Teacher 's Lounge , and look through the teachers ' mailboxes too .
 The Make a Masterpiece is great ... both my kids -LRB- ages 4 and 7 -RRB- love the variety of tools , colors , wallpapers , sounds , and effects . They especially love to `` blow up '' their creations in a variety of ways when they are done . This is the best paint-brush type software we have used .
 This was a gift for a special little girl , age
 I was freaking out over the fact that I only had 5 weeks until my junior year when I would be taking AP Calculus . I found this product and figured `` Why not ... it cant hurt ? '' Little did I know that it would be the most helpful thing I 've ever bought . Using it for a few hours a week helped me get through the class easier than I could have ever expected ... BUY IT .
 This product has got to be one of the best for small business ' who need a server class network , but do n't have the money to spring for Novell or Microsoft 's latest price for licensing . Netmax has made the intricacies of Linux disappear , and made setting up a basic file/print/web server easy for anyone . The web based interface is easy to use and learn , and the Netmax handbook walks you through every step -LRB- hint
 This diary software is very attractive to kids . It starts at the beginning level of writing and has many ways to draw kids ' attention . Kids can start writing from their familiar persons and stuffs . Because it is a diary , it really works out on a daily basis . My seven-year son love it . Now he starts writing sentence and some stories on daily basis . We highly recommended this software .
 This is a great game for my kids , They love trying to find the clues and playing the games . I even have found myself enjoying it and trying to take a turn . Wonderful game ! @
 My children love the I-Spy games and they will choose it over almost any other computer game they own . This one is great because it is almost like a scavenger hunt . Kids learn a lot from it , but I still like the original Treasure Hunt better just because it actually seems to have one central theme instead of the randomness of the school days .
 This was a gift for my 5 year old son . He loves anything I Spy . We have pretty much every book and our computer library is growing as well this is our forth game . I figured that I would get this one for him it looked different and the suggested age was closer then the others we have . What I found out is he can defiantly do this one by himself and in comparison to the other games we have it is easier then his other I Spy games that we have which is fine he loves it none the less . We love the I Spy products keep them coming !!
 I 've had this I Spy for a long time . I played it a lot and had a lot of fun , and I still like to play it once in a while . My favorite level is `` Block City After the Paper Hurricane '' . I like it because it 's the most challenging level of all of the Block Cities , and I like challenges ! My Mom thinks the I Spy books and computer games are a great value for the money , because my friends and I play them over and over , and the images are spectacular !
 The I Spy Series of books and software are a very good learing tool for all ages . It keeps my grandson who is 3 , busy , interested while he is learning for hours at a time .
 My son was turned on to I-SPY computer games when he was four years at his friends house . We bought it for him after much insisting on his part . When it came time to buy a gift for his boy cousin who is 9 months younger , my son picked this out to buy for him . We also love the I-SPY books too !
 My son loved it - and enjoys the entire series of ISpy books and games .
 Just a great fun game with so many rooms and levels . My 7 year old loves it and it helps in learning to concentrate ! I like watching her play . There is a room where she can make her own clues for an I spy game . How fun is that and gives a child the room to invent and create !! Buy !!
 My 4 year old loves this game and I do n't feel bad if she sits and does it for a while because it is educational as well . I was worried that it may be too hard for her since she is under the recommended age but she has not had a problem with it at all . In fact , she has discovered things on it that we did n't even know about .
 We originally bought the digital download from Scholastic . But after two computer crashes , they refused to give me my code for a third time . I bought this for a FRACTION of what I paid for it from scholastic . My son is crazy about I Spy and this game is wonderful .
 If your child likes the books , he/she will love the CD-ROM . The great thing is that it is interactive so it 's not pure sit back entertainment . The only negative thing is once they have mastered all the things , it becomes boring . That 's O.K. if the price remains reasonable .
 For the reviewer looking for technical support for this program , you can go to Scholastic.com for web , phone , and email technical support for all the I Spy programs : http://support.scholastic.com/I_Spy_Series.asp
 this is a fun game to play . it keeps me on the computer for along time and my brothers get mad at me . It is sometimes hard to find the hidden pictures , but I love to try . My brother is 12 and he has a hard time finding things . I always find them first . I like the school I spy the best , but the spook house is fun too . I think it is fun to play because you see things that you see every day in school so they are easy to spot as long as you go to school . It also helps teach me to consentrate for long periods of time .
 I am a computer lab teacher in an elementary school . Last year , I used this software for quite a few weeks when my Kindergarten through Grade 3 students came in for activity period . Students in grades 4-6 would beg to get a chance to use the software when their assignment for the day was completed.It was a stretch for Kindergarten to find some of the items , because they did not recognize some of the items in the riddles , but I made sure to point these out in lessons and then circulated to help them more.It was exciting to watch as students became absorbed in this activity , and most of them grew in their visual and verbal awareness . Children in grades 1-3 could either click to hear the descriptions or read for themselves.Yes , it is on the shelf this year , but will taken out to be used in two years . This year I bought I Spy Spooky Mansion for use , and next year hope to get the Spy Treasure software if I can find the funding .
 Please use caution when purchasing this product . It is labeled Windows XP Compatible , but it is not . You have to reconfigure your entire system to get the software to work . Once you change your settings , then the software is great and my son loves it . I wish I could explain what you have to do to your computer to get School Days to work , but I had to consult with my brother who is a computer technician ... I followed his instructions which were very complicated . He even had to search on google to find out how to fix the error message that kept popping up every time we tried to play it .
 My 6 year old daughter loves this game . It is not easy and keeps her thinking . I some times find some of the items hard to find but with persistance you will find them . It is never boring . The whole family enjoys this software .
 I Spy , a great game is great on a rainy day . Too wet to go outside , no broblem ! Just hook up `` I Spy . '' Can you find the hiden objects ? Travel to many diffrent rooms . This is as fun as living in Disney World . Practice in reading , build vocabulary , and more . Enjoy this this game . Be smart , and have a sharp eye !
 My daughter and I play with I Spy 2-3 times a week . Not only does it have the `` find an item '' games , but it has organizational and grouping games . For instance , in one game , there are several items on the screen and two circles . In one circle , you need to put metal things , in the other circle , you put money . But , the circles also overlap , and in that overlap , you need to put metal money . It builds upon that concept with several other ggroups of objects , and it has taught my daughter a lot more about the world around her .
 For those who say this is boring , maybe your kids should just stick to video games . My son is loving the books and the computer games . He conquers them pretty quickly and we have to buy more but hey , it 's getting his mind working looking for hidden items . We went for an open house at his school a few months ago and the teacher picked up an I Spy book and said that it was the main thing all the kids fought over in class . We love all the books , computer games and the gameboy game that is out . Good investment for little thinkers out there !
 I was extremely upset when I misplaced my `` original '' copy of this cd-rom and repurchased this product , because of its inherent value.I thoroughly enjoyed this product , because there are many things to look at and search through . There is a library of `` books '' that you can go to and read profound concepts which are very important and useful . `` Books '' on confidence , persuasion , charsima , and more help you learn concepts that can be asymilated into your personality and help you on the road of life as well as business . This program is meant for anyone seeking an edge in life and yet seems to also cater to beginners of the self-improvement field.Brian Tracy always manages to blow you away with a plethora of knowledge and wisdom that will keep you on point in your game . If you have a computer , then you owe it yourself to invest the small amount to check it out ! -LRB- I paid the FULL retail price when it was first released ; It was worth it then and still is ! -RRB- . Get your copy now to begin refining your life like a laser beam .
 Brian Tracy is the epitomy of welath building and this publication takes the cake . Tracy simplifies money making and wealth building . The only thing missing is a more step-by-step approach such as is MILLIONAIRE 101 . I highly recommend this book but only if you are going to read it and follow Tracy 's plan . Emmanuel Sarmiento millionaire101.net
 I have been experimenting with relational databases for some time now and I have used both Microsoft Access and Filemaker . Without question , Filemaker has consistently been the easiest , most intuitive of the two products . I am not a programmer but simply an end user who likes to delve into spread sheets and databases as the need arises . Microsoft Access may have more advanced features , things I would probably never use , and conversely it is much more difficult to navigate and it is not as user friendly from someone who is n't a programmer.The beauty of File Maker Pro is that in about 2 hours of sitting down and going thru the help files , you can literally be up and running in the rudimentary aspects of relational database protocols , and you can also produce some fantastic , professional looking interfaces and reports for your data . I upgraded from version 7 and I really enjoy the new calendar pull down menus and the creation of PDF records within the program and sending via e-mail . It also features several new tools that help in importing and exporting data and in creating better looking forms and reports . If you are a savvy database user , the cost to upgrade from 7 to 8 may not be worth it depending on your level of expertise . I like to stay current on all of my software so if I use an application on a regular basis then I stay current with the latest version - that is my motto . People needing to find a relational database application and who need a quick , powerful tool to assist them need to look no further .
 So glad I can now finally email a specific record using the PDF feature . Been waiting 6 years for that . Now program does everything I need it to . Amazing that I wrote my own programs with no computer training at all .
 This was a great software to use when I was editing . I had a few other editors I had purchased previously in the past , but when I saw this one , having no review , I was a little nervous . As it turns out , this was the best way to go . I could just throw the other ones out the door , I love this . It gives you freedom to do whatever you want , and time to get on with making your movie , not reading an instruction manual . A great buy , and the amount of money you save on buying it at Amazon is huge . A great buy for any actor or movie maker !
 This is a great product . I would highly recommend it . I have used TValue for years . In finance , I used it to do deal structuring . As a CFO , I analyzed and prepared loans and leases . This ia also an excellent tool to do ROI and IRRs calculations . A much better tool than Excel as it is so flexible easy to use .
 In the late 1980 's I needed something that could produce amortization tables for the multiple loans we took out to purchase the business from the former owner . The TValue amortization software program did that with ease . I believe I still have the original install disk - a 5-1/4 '' floppy . Yes , I have been loyal to this program for all of this time.Since the late 80 's I became a licensed Realtor in addition to my family business and once again TValue software came through with ease and accuracy . During a continuing education course I caused approximately 20 other realtors to make the TValue product a part of their productivity tools . There is nothing better than giving a purchaser an amortization schedule and then showing them the benefits of prepayments , point reductions , etc.In 2006 we became involved with some property development projects in New York City . Again , some structured financing was needed and TValue was at my side.I 've embraced technology for over 20 years and I have seen software come and go . I 've seen it transferred to other ownership that destroys it . I 've seen brilliant software die due to lack of support . After all these years , the company TimeValue Software continues to produce a consistently enhanced product with ease of functionality and dead on accuracy . Time does have a value - it is the most expensive thing we can spend . TValue saves us time every time we use it . It is a small investment with a great rate of return.TValue -LRB- 5-user Pack -RRB-
 After test driving one of the cities from the CitySync site I bought the software and I have not been disappointed . I decided to test drive the software by trying a city that I was familiar with and , thereby , check the accuracy and usefulness of the information provided.I found the information to be basic for someone familiar with a particular city , but it was accurate and potentially useful for a tourist . After buying the software I loaded another city . -LRB- Even after buying the software you 're limited to loading no more than four cities , so carefully select the cities you will use most . -RRB- I loaded Vegas prior to my last trip there and , even though I 'm fairly familiar with the city , I found the information to be useful.The restuarant reviews may be somewhat typical and brief , but when you need to make a choice on the run a quick check of the Palm can be very helpful . Also , once you 're familiar with using the software the maps can be useful and much easier to carry than a paper fold-up map .
 The book this CD is based on was effectively a joint catalog of the locomotive equipment available from manufacturers in the United States in 1922 , from whole locomotives to every detail part , even the nuts and bolts . It contains a huge amount of stuff , and if you 're interested in locomotives in this kind of in-depth way , it 's marvellous . The physical book sells for hundreds of dollars , if you can find it at all , making this a bargain indeed - let alone the fact that they 've scanned it all for you and even provide a utility to print out images at various scales .
 These 5 CD 's are a great value , with many , many high quality samples . I use them primarily for sound tracks on videos , but they should also be valuable for mixing into musical compositions . They have apparently been discontinued by Magix , so get them while you can ... or buy the Magix Soundpool DVD Collection with 10 CD 's worth of loops , but not these CD 's - more electronica type music .
 I am not a computer person , but this software is so easy to use . I 'm using this software in my afterschool program and the kids , whos ages range from five to eleven , are having a blast making everything from gift bags and boxes to placemats and pillows . Everything is self explanitory and if you do have trouble there is a tip button that covers most everything . Most importantly , the graphics are good and there are so many to choose from . This program has proven to be easy for all ages . I have certainly gotten my moneys worth
 This is great software that allows you to print crafts straight from your computer . You can print off a box to hold a small birthday present in in just a couple of minutes with one of the many already made designs , or design it yourself . You can choose from several themes - baby , floral , pets , and many more . It has a cute puppy frame , a pretty floral box , and fun outer space pictures . It was n't exactly what I thought it would be , but I still think it 's great . If you love to make and/or design crafts , this is a must have .
 Man this is thing is awsome . If you do n't have this you do n't have anything . It changed my life by getting this . Now everything runs so smoothly . Like butter . If you need a great server this is it . wow . It was coolBig Truck
 Well , that about sums it up . I have used versions of this product since the early 90 's
 I 've worked with various volunteer groups , and inevitably inherit the jobs requiring simple database management . -LRB- Swim Club Membership , PTA Volunteers , etc. -RRB- Most have used Excel in the past , but trying to pass it along to the next year 's volunteer requires that they are familiar enough with Excel to not screw up the database with incomplete data sorts , etc. . This program is so darn easy , it 's almost impossible to screw something up . It took me about 45 minutes of dinking around with test data to get the feel of it , but once I got the hang of it , the data entry and report formatting was a breeze . -LRB- And I am not that computer savvy -RRB- . Creating a custom database is just typing titles and dragging them to where you want them on the screen . I customized my data entry screen to look just like my form that people filled out , so entering data is very streamlined . I stood up at a PTA meeting and touted this software as the best -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- I 've spent in a long time .
 A great little product . We 've been using MyInvoices since 1992 starting with a Mac Classic and we now use it on and iMac . We 've never had a problem through several system changes . It 's simple , flexible , and easy to use .
 I have been looking for 3 years for a program that simply does invoices and keeps track of that information.I did n't need all the bells and whistles that the more expensive book keeping software out there.The program simply does invoices and estimates and keeps track of the information . It allows you to enter payment info and keep track of who is late and create your own style of invoice.It 's not exportable to other programs , true . If you just need to create and keep track of Invoices this is the most cost effective choice .
 I have been looking everywhere for a labeler for the Macintosh . It 's not easy to find so when I saw this I was very pleased . It is a wonderful addition to what I do as a graphic artist and helps more than I can ever say ...
 Used this for many many newsletters for teachers . It is a very fun and easy way to make the headlines stick out . It has an index of samples of all the fonts , the same fonts broken down into categories , and even a favorites section ! Type Artist is an ultimate tool for creating awesome headlines .
 Good program -- fast delivery . The only negative is the limitation of the designed alphas , ca n't add additional ones to it . Fun and easy to use .
 You could n't ask for anything faster . The only time-consuming thing is selecting the design you want to use from 90,000 + combinations . It 's so quick and easy , you can create several designs and pick the one you most like . Easily change colors and fonts . It 's simply fun to use . I guarantee you 'll like this software !
 I like using this product - It jazzes up your work and it 's easy to use - Love it ! However , I would like to have the option of changing more than just the background color .
 We 've used this product for years . Every Christmas we print mailing labels for our family news letter . It 's easy to learn and use . You can customize the information you keep , too!The only drawback encountered was arranging fields for printing . The interface is a little too clunky .
 I 've used this product since it 's first issue . The one I am using now is 4.5.1 . This revision is for 8.6 and under . Iwant to purchase the upgrade so it will run with MAC OS 9 . I really like the software as it is easy to use and dependable .
 This is a good invoicing software for anyone starting a small business that is a beginner in accounting and computing . It is easy to use , keeps track of your sales tax and gross sales , and makes estimating and invoicing easy . We used this for the first 2 years of starting our small business , and had to change software as our business grew . But if you are just starting out and need something basic and affordable I would recommend this product .
 I have installed this on a laptop computer and a desktop and it works fantastic . The only device it could not recognize was the internal winmodem . I also installed Windows and that failed also to recognize the modem -LRB- this is a given unless you happen to have the original software -RRB- . Nor could Windows , unlike Mandrake figure out what do to with the CDRW . I now have had a computer with Windows on half the partition and Mandrake-Linux on the other for a while now . I ca n't remember the last time I booted up Windows . It always seems totally claustrophobic . Once you grasp the wonder that is virtual desktops it is difficult to settle for Windows of any version . For the uninitiated Mandrake like othe Linux distributions gives you four separate desktops that are instantly accesible from a small panel at the bottom of the screen . It is a major step forward over the old-fashioned Windows and MacIntosh method of shrinking and unshrinking programs to see someting that is overlapped on the screen.The software that comes with it is incredible . Openoffice.org is a major piece of office software that includes the ability to read , write and create in a myriad of software formats including Microsoft Word , Excel and Powerpoint . But unlike Microsoft Office it includes a a program that allows a novice to create web pages . That and it allows you to create PDF files -LRB- MS Office does n't -RRB- Also included is a high end photo editing program called the GIMP for Graphical Image Manipulating Program . In terms of what it can do the only standard over the shelf program I 've seen that can compare is the $ 800 + Photoshop software . They are both very similiar in the way they work.This software is highly recommended . When I installed it I used Partition Magic to split the hardrives into two halves
 We are disappointed by what we expect ... NOT by what we find . Mandrake is anything but `` disappointment in a box . '' And with all due respect to the individual who wrote that review , the object is NOT to get Linux working WITH Windows ; the object is to get RID of Windows !! I am told that Mandrake will install alongside of XP and even recognize NFTS partitions . But , hey , I jettisoned Windows and Macintosh years ago and have never looked back.Don ' t listen to those who down Linux or Mandrake . I do not discount their experience but I have had nothing but great joy and satisfaction in running this OS and Mandrake Linux especially.I would invite those who are interested to download Mandrake 's Download Edition first . Then when you have that great experience , you can come back here to Amazon and buy the boxed set with all of the goodies -- including documentation.I enjoy this distro so much , I recently wrote about it at Newsforge.com . Check it out!This distro is definitely setting the standard for other desktop distros to follow .
 After all these years , I look back on how Filemaker has grown and I am amazed . I started out using version 1 of filemaker when it was still made by Nashoba Systems and the software came on a floppy disk.If you are new to databases , Filemaker is for you . As I write this , I am currently using version 8.5 . Let me suggest that if your looking to get into databases , spend the extra money and get this latest and greatest version . It adds a lot of functionality.I find myself creating solutions to handle new problems all the time . With this advanced version , I can them compile these solutions as stand alone applications that I can then sell or distribute as I please and the folks who use it do n't have to own Filemaker themselves.There is simply no other database out there that is as easy to get your head wrapped around as Filemaker.Whats more , Filemaker is cross platform ! That means that you can buy the package and run it on both Mac and Windows . So when I create solutions , I can create runtimes for both systems . It is all amazingly easy.I have had to wrestle with the database needs of lots of different companies in the past . I have had to create everything from bug tracking software to equipment cataloging . In many cases , I came into a company that was using Access or some other database only to discover that it was actually easier to simply create a whole new solution using Filemaker than to try and get the existing database to do what we wanted.If your looking for power with flexibility and the ability to really quickly get a solution up and running , Filemaker has got to be your first choice .
 After going through the first few chapters of this book , i feel that this book is all you need to get you going in oracle , especially if you are a beginner.Beginners to oracle for linux might want to consider getting their hands on this book .
 Cant beat this bundle ! Grab it if you find it , ou get so much , for RVing is the Best ! Web plug in for updates and customizble maps and more . Found it very useful on our trip to the Grand Canyon . We even located places to stop and rest that could not find in our printed map . Very useful plus you get a Bonus Full version Street Finder . Highly Recommended
 After testing both this program and the Real player jukebox , I found this one to be the better of the two . The sound quality you get from this program beat the real player in almost every test . The recording speed is twice the speed of other programs and the net radio is the best I have heard . Plus any mp3 portable can be used with this program . I suggest you go to the music match website and check out all the specs . I dont think you will be disapointed .
 I purchased a Diamond Rio and quickly realized I needed quality software to collect and organize mp3 songs -LRB- I 've since switched over to a Nomad II and since Music Match has plug-in 's for both I can use all the mp3 music I had organized for the Rio immediately with the Nomad II -RRB- . One thing you find out when you start to accumulate a lot of mp3 files on disk is that the disk directory structure and directory and file names is important if you ever lose your database or want to move the files around on disk or to another disk -LRB- especially if you are going to `` rip '' a lot of CDs so you have them available to quickly download to a mp3 player -RRB- . Music Match allows you to create a very organized disk directory structure to hold all your songs . For a given mp3 file ripped from a CD , the file is stored under the artist folder , then the album folder . This is more important that one would at first realize because it is often necessary to move the files around and then re-import them back into the music database . Music Match makes this trivial and it 's easy to find your music on disk even if something happens to the Music Match database , you can just start over and import all or some of the files within minutes . This became very useful when I started to fill my hard drive and decided to use a re-writable CD in my CD burner to hold some of my music files . In a few minutes I was able to copy several complete artist directory structures to the CD , and re-import the songs back into the Music Match database . I guess I appreciated this all the more because I started off with Real Jukebox which stores all the mp3 files in a single directory by default and the original track order of a CD was lost once the CD was ripped so moving the files was tedious and retaining the original CD track order required creating a playlist for each CD -LRB- too much work ! -RRB- . Once you load the music to disk , Music Match lets you sort your songs by artist , album and original track order among others.It 's also very fast at ripping CDs and you can also burn new custom CDs from a playlist of mp3 files if you have a CD rom burner . This program really brings it all together . You can collect mp3 files either by download or ripping CDs . It 's then easy to create playlist of any order to download to a mp3 player or burn a custom CD . This program is all you really need .
 This is the tool for creating MP3s ! It could n't be easier and can do a whole Auido CD in around 10-15 minutes depending on the length of the CD . You can also access the web so you dont have to type in the track listing - this works really well.The Recorder works and the player is good but is no Winamp . A nice thing about the player is that is has a lyric sheet for songs if you want to put the lyrics in -LRB- as well as a bio -RRB- . There is also a database for organising your songs and what I liked was the ability to convert Wave to MP3 and back again . I found this very useful when I wanted to integrate waves in other applications.A very recommended product . Loses out on 5 stars as I still use Winamp as my Default player - but then Winamp does rock !
 There are a lot of CD-ROMs out there , but this one is engaging and fun for our 3.5 year old son . The fundamentals for reading and even math are well established
 This , like all the other Richard Scarry titles we own , keeps my son engaged for a long time . There are activities at different levels so it does not get boring fast and the characters are darling . If you like Huckle and Lowly you 'll love this program .
 This book not only has the birds pictured that are most common in the titled region , it 's easy to use ; lies flat ; great pictures ; info-at-a-glance . I highly recommend this book for backyard birdwatchers .
 I must say that I was a bit poisoned against the idea of corel continuing the legacy of bryce . Somehow it seemed that metacreations was at it 's heart . But I have had to eat some words after checking this upgrade out . Really it is about the best thing to happen to bryce since it 's creation . The animation and surfacing tools are greatly improved . It still has lots of pretty interface but seems to be more productivity geared . The new tree system is a BIG plus . Before there was only one tree I found useful and it was only 2d ! Now you can crack up any tree , entirely unique . If you are or ever were a bryce person you will defiantly want to check this out.I 've moved on as well to bigger and better programs but bryce will always occupy a special place on my hard drive . It is always a great tool to create great results in a short space of time .
 Corel Bryce 5 is what every hard core Bryce user has been asking for ! Network rendering on multiple machines , new rendering options , metaballs -LRB- organic shapes -RRB- , a new tree lab , new light lab ... the list goes on and on ! The best enhancements in my opinion has got to be Network Rendering and the Tree Lab -LRB- real trees not the preset ones ! -RRB- . This uprage is smokin ' . Check it out you WO N'T be disappointed !!!
 Upgrades these days are n't even worth the money . When I first heard that Bryce 4 had an upgrade , however , I could n't wait to try it . I downloaded the trial version , which is essentially the same as the full , with a thirty day restriction . This program is amazing ! The tree lab , new presets , and simplified User Interface all made this even better than Bryce 4 . Additionally , it renders more quickly . It even looks more realistic . Buy this program , or at least get the trial . You will not believe it was possible to create such lifelike imgages .
 Have you always wanted to create realistic looking 3D landscapes ? Well this is your program . Bryce offers it 's users the ability to create beautifully rendered 3D landscapes . The program is fairly easy to learn and can be used by everyone from beginners to experts . The new interface makes Bryce even easier to use . Also , the new additions of the Tree Lab and Metaballs add an unlimited amount of new ideas and creations one can come up with . It comes highly recommened .
 When I purchased Bryce 5 , the first 3d graphics and animation program I ever used , it was wonderful . I had no problem creating my own world . Bryce 5 is very easy to use and , once you learn more about how to use it , you can create life-like scenes and animations . About the render time
 This iteration of Bryce has been in the wings for a few years , and was in a sense a test to see what Corel would do to the product line when it was acquired from Metacreations . The quality of the rendering engine has been greatly improved and lacks nothing apart from speed . The rendering time -LRB- the amount of time the software takes to create a finished picture from the designed 3D scene -RRB- takes significantly longer than the previous 4.x version . Serious 3D enthusiasts might look askance at the model forms , as instead of creating and editing the model forms themselves , Bryce is reliant upon primative booleans . However , there are many importable object file options and a terrain editor that almost makes up for this lack . Those new to 3D designing and hobbyists will find no features missing from the Bryce 5.0 package .
 ERwin is a great product for modeling and generating databases and DDL scripts . However , this product has n't been significantly upgraded in years , especially since Computer Associates bought it . It does all the basics but does not allow for much in the way of optimizing the SQL that it generates , particularly for views . Fantastic for Logical Modeling , Adequate for Physical Data Modeling . Do n't count on platform specific extensions -LRB- Oracle , Teradata , etc. -RRB- . Do n't count on them being added anytime soon either .
 In my experience , the database model almost always is a critical factor in the final ROI for a software application . Maintainable , reliable , bug free software is almost impossible without an effective and correct data model because the quality and elegance of the data model makes possible much simpler and therefore more reliable and effective application code . Erwin provides better support for creating , documenting and maintaining quality data models than any other tool I have seen . Another plus is the relatively shallow learning threshold for the tool to be used effectively . Another words , it can be immediately useful on simple projects by less experienced developers , and yet support the largest projects and most sophisticated modelling concepts when asked to do so . $ $ $ may seem like a lot of money , but it is expensive only if the costs of poor data modeling practices are hidden . You will pay 10 times the cost on your project for ineffective modeling , and still have a buggy , unreliable , inflexible application result even at that cost . When the true cost of amateurish data modeling practices are taken into account -LRB- managers of database hackers take note -RRB- , Erwin may be the best bargain in the IT industry .
 I used this program in an online music composition course and it was great . It 's easy to figure out by yourself , it prints out sheet music , converts to MIDI , and everything else ! It 's a must for any budding composer !
 This is software that you have to spend some time with to understand . But if you spend the time , the software delivers and leaves the competitors behind . Most of the negative reviews I have read point out shortcomings that really do n't exist if you understand how the software works.I initially thought that the program lacked certain features or had some of the same shortcomings mentioned in other reviews . A few minutes on the phone with their Tech Support people to supplement the manual and the help feature and I was pointed in the right direction . In most cases the software could do what I was trying to accomplish , the problem was that I was not far enough up the experience curve . One thing I did do was upgrade to the Professional Home Design for another $ 20 dollars . It is worth it . My overall experience with home design software is that you have to be patient as it is not simple or intuitive as gaming software.Two shortcomings - No strong undo feature so you need to save before you try something new . Also , there is a limit to 3 floors , so if you have a finished basement , a finished attic and two floors , you can only show 3 of the 4 floors ; although you can complete the remaining floor in another file .
 I 've been using Punch Products for about two years now . Prior to that I tried many others without sucessfully completing a home design secondary to being too difficult , not having the tools needed for certain functions , and poor , slow , cartoonish renderings . Punch ! was the first program that allowed me to complete a Home!I 've read the reviews and some of what was said related to 5 in 1 is partially incorrect . Walls that move in even numbers is related to the default when the ` snap to grid is on ' . All one needs to do is shut the ` snap ' off . All doors and windows are customizable to any size , height , width , and trim . All roofs are customizable to pitches other than 12:12 . None of the walls shrink when moved separately or as a whole . I 've used this particular program for 6 months before ugrading , and 90 % of what I 've read in these reviews in incorrect secondary to a person 's lack of knowledge and inability to make use of tools available in the program.This program is a great starter program if you 're looking to buy anything for less than $ 50 . Since then I 've advanced to Punch ! Super and then to Punch!Pro , which is only $ 25 more than ' 5 in 1 ' . As mentioned I 've tried all sorts of programs over the years , and none of them contain all that one needs to design their home , however , Punch ! 's products are the closest yet in focussing on people 's requests and producing quality 3D views . In addition , the 3D furniture workshop is a bonus in itself where alterations , and creativity can be performed to create stunning objects for the home , and alter any that require adjustments for better fit . What more can I say ? Punch ! is far superior in comparison to other programs of the same cost !
 First I tried Broderbund total 3D home . Big mistake - I 'm still waiting for my refund . Unless you want square , pre-designed rooms that do n't connect , leave it on the shelf . Then I tried Punch 5-in-1 . Within a half hour I had an entire floor design complete , with the dimensions I wanted , something the other brand did n't even support . I added a basement , second story , roofs , stairs , etc. easily and accurately.Downsides
 I 'm really impressed . I just poped the CD into the drive ; installation came off without a hitch . In half an hour I had sketched out my home 's layout , done some basic landscaping added a deck and made a quick 3D tour . All this without touching the manual ! Another half hour later and I had colored walls , furnishings standard and custom . The tools are really straight forward .
 I have now tried 4 different home design programs . From Sierra to Broderbund to Data Becker . After reading the reveiws for Punch ! programs I decided not to purchase any of them . That was a waste of money for me . I tried 3 programs and still was not satisfied . Finally I looked at the Punch ! box again and I thought this really ca n't be as bad as people say . I was right . It does every thing I need from interior to exterior to landscaping , and gives me more option for customization than any of the other . I paid $ ... and sent in for the $ ... dollar rebate . Next time I will not read the reviews of amatures before I buy .
 I 've used this product and the Broderbund suites and have definitely been pleased with this one . This product gives me the flexibility i want for doing design work . I 've used the program to create a model of my home -- its working fine . Has a topography tool , which I 've used to sketch my backyard . Even has a user support site.My only major complaint ? The undo functionality is highly limited . You might accidently erase a wall thinking you can undo it -- think again .
 The purpose of purchasing Select Phone was to have a source for multiple listings in specific regions . Select Phone delivered . It is easy to use and the geographic target and neighbor search features made it a bargain . The only draw back is the limit of 2500 records for the software when exporting . Additional records must be purchased thru customer service at InfoUSA at 8 each .
 This is a great product . It has every thing you need to digitaly record CD 's . It is great for making your own custom CD 's . This product is also easy to install , and you can begin to record instanly . `` Thank you for letting me voice my opinion on this great product ''
 This product is a Great product when it is used properly . Users who expect to do mass mailings with an under $ 99 product are not being realistic about the product . I use this product EXTENSIVELY for finding detailed information about potential target clients , as a Super effective reverse directory and when you begin to understand the SIC coding it is especially effective . You MUST do specific refined seraches . It will not help you do MASS mailings and attempting to use it for this purpose is frustrating , since the product was not intended for that . Also it is purposefully impared from operating on a network , since the company offers a network enabled version for a more realistic price . I feel they are very reasonable in this regard . Tech support and attempting to get information from InfoUSA is a different story . Complete chaos and inconsistancy in their support people would be giving them a kind rating . They DO NOT even admit this product exists in most cases , since they want you to buy the much more expensive commercial version . This is what your other reviewers really require , not this product . I have used this product for 3 years and do n't know how my business could function without it . I leave the CD in my drive because I use it EVERYDAY !
 I contacted a few web developers to set up an e-commerce web site with my current company and received quotes ranging in the thousands!I was then recommended ecBuilder , and it has been excellent for me ! for under $ I was prompted through 12 screens from company information to catalog items to what design template and colour scheme I would like to pick . In a short afternoon I had my 100 catalog items set up with shopping cart etc. to start selling . I loved the fact that the SSL security was provided with the product and hosted by the manufacturer . I have finally been using my scanner at home , and updating my catalog items and pictures regularly . In one click I can simply change the price of one item to a sale item ! very dynamic and I totally recommend this product to anyone who wants to get on the e-commerce train!I hear that their new version ecBuilder Pro 4.5 supports real time transactions and up to 5000 catalog items and I will be upgrading very soon.I am also able to export my ecOrderdesk into my contact manager Maximizer 5.0 in turn keeping up good customer relations!Brilliant Multiactive Software , keep up the good work !
 My microphone and its software were collecting dust on my hardrive until I found Microphone Pro . I was extremely impressed with how simple the software was to install and to use . I really wanted something that would allow my voice to transmit clearly online , talking with friends and recording video with my cam , and this software and mic did just that . I 'm a pretty hard guy to impress when it comes to my computer , so I would definitly recommend this to anyone , young or experienced .
 Drumbeat e-commerce is a powerful e-commerce and asp design tool but unfortuantely comes with very little , not to say too little literature on how to put the aspects of the site together . The asp elements are well explained but the e-commerce tasks and instructions come in a brief guide that does n't answer all questions relative to building an e-commerce application . If it was n't for this lack of instructions in the user 's guide , which Microsoft is well known for , I would have given the software five stars . Think about buying Drumbeat for Dummies to complete the product .
 I have been using Drumbeat 2000 eCommerce edition for approximately 6 months now and absolutely love it ! The `` Starting Points '' -LRB- pre-written website applications used for examples of various aspects of the app -RRB- really hammer home the basics . Macromedia has a very handy online database of tips & tricks for using Drumbeat as well . One thing that many ` hardcore ' ASP/HTML coders will miss is the ability to view the source code as you go ; this is only accessible after publishing the various pages and viewing source in another editor or in something like notepad . The shopping cart is a cinch to setup , and the overall layout of Drumbeat is very comfortable . I have created an online record store as well as 3 other sites - using Drumbeat for everything but image manipulation . This is a good application and a dream for people who 's strength lies more in the design than the coding . You can lay everything out exactly as you want , right click on the elements and add Java/VB-Script to them to assign various interactions . Piece of Cake !
 I bought Drumbeat 2000 eCommerce edition back in November of 1999 . I have since used this application to create approximately 10 data driven web applications and websites - in 1/4 of the time that it would have taken me to create them in Visual InterDev ! The user interface is laid out very well - a very comfortable environment to work in . -LRB- One note on this - you need to have your screen resolution set at 1024x768 to have adequate room to view all of the elements -RRB- The `` drag & drop '' javascript `` contracts '' and `` site elements '' make creating dynamic pages a snap . After you run through a couple of the `` Starting Points '' -LRB- pre-constructed mini-web applications/sites with explanations on how to use them -RRB- you will get the hang of what elements do what and how they can interact with the other pages elements . Using Drumbeat 2000 eCommerce , I was able to create an online music retailer site - with full checkout / shopping cart functionality - in less than two months ! I was amazed ! One thing that some will find odd about Drumbeat is that there is n't any way to view the HTML/ASP within the application . You must first publish the pages to your web server -LRB- IIS or Personal -RRB- and then open the pages in another HTML application or in notepad . I found this mildly irrating at first , but since Drumbeat does almost all of the coding for you - you can just go with what it has propogated .
 Paradox 9DE is the single best introduction to real programming . People with a database background will find it easy . I found it to be the easiest Visual development program that comes with a complete language . It is funny that I am also a beginner and it gave me the first taste of programming power with its ObjectPAL . Paradox Developer Edition has an `` Application Framework '' with the basics pre-programmed for you -LRB- much easier than doing an interface from scratch in VB or Delphi -RRB- . Then you start to build your application inside that framework using `` forms '' . There is a book named `` Database Design for Mere Mortals '' by Mike Hernandez . It served me as the `` key '' of what can be accomplished in Paradox 9 DE . You can find the book here . I was looking for `` authoring '' tools and eventually spent a few hundred dollars on them . I have a friend who is a good FoxPro programmer and he told me `` do n't spend the money on prosthetic brain replacements , study programming and when you start to grasp the power of a language , authoring tools will appear like a child 's toy '' and he was right . I was always hunting for the most powerful `` authoring environment '' when the simple fact is that if you work hard with programming concepts for a few months , one day comes when it all starts to make sense . Paradox is unique in that you take a piece of code and attach it to an object -LRB- button , checkbox , etc -RRB- . It will do what you tell it to do . It makes learning easy for aspiring programmers without compromises in what can be done . And last but not least everything you need for building SQL and Client/Server applications is in the box . Period . JPdox is a separate included application -LRB- feels like Visual Basic -RRB- that builds JAVA forms for the Web , which can connect live to your Paradox database -LRB- if you 're familiar with TCP/IP and want to run a serious , solid JAVA data-driven website from your NT server -RRB- . Application developer ? The end product you build will look , feel and WORK like any other Windows application . Data-driven web using Java ? All the monkeys are in the box . Authoring - did you buy an `` authoring '' tool to make a small program only to discover it lacks database support , it does n't support checkboxes and it 's variables hold only 256 characters ? Did it cost a little more than Paradox ? Well , no game or multimedia authoring tool is complete without Paradox , whether it has the ability to query a database or not .
 Best development tool for companies with heterogeneous data sources
 As usual the PKWARE software makers have published an easy to use , functional file compression -LRB- decompression -RRB- utility . It is well documented by text files on the diskette . The program is a no brainer to install and use . The user screens and menus are a bit crowded but all in all it is a fine addition to your utilities library . Woud be nice if it came on CD rathewr than 3.5 disk .
 Nice program for the price ! Before buying this product I downloaded a trial copy of Turbocad2D and found it very difficult to get it to perform as I wanted . Not the case with QuickCAD . The multi-snap function makes this a breeze quickly bring any drawing to life . Do n't be fooled by the experience levels control , it just turns off certain buttons for beginners and then on again for experts . Go ahead and use the expert level -LRB- you have to anyway to get through the `` getting started guide '' that comes with the software -RRB- . The manual that also comes with the software is extremely informative and must be referred to several times until you learn all the tricks and hot keys . Once again , I feel this is a GREAT program for the price !
 When I was in college , I studied AutoCAD r 12 , back then I believed it would help me when I turn pro . But I discovered Quick Cad and been using it since then . It 's great for simple to complicated 2D plans . AutoCAD is great , but only for big firm with a lot of people sharing or working on the same project . For individual designer , Quick Cad is the fastest and easiest cad program to use , and it is compatible to AutoCAD if you need to share it .
 I 've been using Generic cadd for years for furniture and project designs and recently purchased this program when I upgraded my computer . I found it easy to learn and enjoy it more than I thought I would . It is much easier to dimension a drawing or change elements than in GC . The 3 levels is just hype ; all it does is shut off tools that even the most elementary of drawings is going utilize .
 When I retired 8 years ago , I was using Autocad -LRB- I think it was release 10 -RRB- when I needed cad . I recently needed a cad program again and bought QuickCad , noting that it was written by Autodesk . I was amazed and delighted at the features and flexibility and the way it merged the features of Windows . I am now buying a copy for my granddaughter , believing that it will help her in a design course she is taking . A cad program to be useful must have many features . I am not able to imagine the needed features coupled with simplicity , but if the user has the patience to work with QuickCad , I believe he or she will be as pleased as I am .
 If you own it or ever used it in someone else 's PC you knowwhat i am talking about ; complete , easy interface and what you need and more ! I say no more . I recommend it over the full complicated versions of Autocad withthe zillion cds and tons of books , this has everything to get you started as soon as you open the program . -LRB- An excellent Autodesk product ! -RRB-
 I bought the early version of Quick CAD 3.02 in 1995 for $ 99.00 and have used it ever since . I have designed chemical plants , inventions and now I am designing houses . It does have some limitations but for 2D layout it is very easy to use and final drawings in large format are very professional looking . I am now buying the newer version .
 This bundle contains two handy utilities , each of which are among the best in their class . While WS_FTP Pro 8 is suited to non-technical users and IT professionals alike , WS_PING is aimed at technical users who perform network troubleshooting . If you are a non-technical user I recommend skipping this deal and getting the standalone version of WS_FTP Pro 8 -LRB- ASIN B0000C66VY -RRB- . If you do need both this bundle is a bargain over purchasing each application separately.What you get : WS_FTP Pro 8.0 . What sets this ftp application apart from any other I 've used is the ability to not only view graphics on the local and remote systems , but to also edit them . This , more than any other feature , sold me because I manage a commercial site for an associate that has a high turnover rate of graphics . It 's one thing to sift through a listing of graphics files that are only identified by name trying to figure out which ones are no longer necessary . However , when you can see these files as graphic thumbnails the task of identifying the ones that should be deleted becomes easy and prevents mistakes.In addition to being able to view graphics as thumbnails on both the local and remote systems , you can also edit them in place - this is a highly useful feature , especially if you want to crop or reduce the color depth in a remote file to allow it to load faster over dialup lines.Of course , editing local and remote HTML and other text files has long been a feature in WS_FTP , including their older limited edition versions . Another useful feature is called Hotdrop , where you can have a Hotdrop folder associated with a specific site , and use Explorer to drag files to that folder , which then automatically launches WS_FTP and completes the transfer . This is a time saver , as is the ability to set up unique profiles for each ftp site you regularly work with or visit . I maintain a large number of web sites , so the profile feature is another time saver.If you work with UNIX or Linux systems another nice feature that has been carried over from earlier versions is the ability to use check boxes for RWX for Owner , Group and Other to set rights masks . This feature makes it easier for home users hosting a personal web page on a Linux system , for example , to ensure the proper security level is established for files and directories without learning about chmod.WS _ PING PRO . This is a handy , lightweight utility that is best suited for IT technical professionals who are tasked with service or support delivery . While it does n't do anything that can not be done from a Windows or UNIX command line , it groups the most often used TCP/IP application layer and ICMP utilities in an attractive Windows-based user interface that includes a few bells and whistles missing from the command line versions.The basic utilities are ping , traceroute , whois and finger . There is another function called lookup that gives the DNS name if you input the IP address , or returns the IP address if you give the DNS name . The real power comes from the scan function - you can scan a subnet to discover every IP address on the subnet , as well as ports . You can scan the entire range of a subset , as well as resolve names . In addition you can filter your scans to look for any combination of services ranging from http , snmp , dns , pop3 , etc. . This is a nice feature for support personnel doing a quick security check , but a scan can also trip security alerts , so if you use this feature make sure you inform network and security personnel before you do.Another feature included in on a tab titled WinNet , which allows you to discover all Windows services running on a network or subnet . This is augmented by another tab titled SNMP , providing discovery services for devices that are SNMP-enabled . The throughput feature is also useful in that it allows you to test the throughout between your workstation and any target host on the local network or Internet.Other tools include an LDAP browser , HTML validator and time server synchronization.System requirements for both applications : Intel 486 or Pentium processors with Windows -LRB- 98/Me/NT / 2000/XP -RRB- . Note that while the WS_PING PRO will run on a Windows 95 system WS_FTP PRO will not . I am running both versions on an old 600 MHz Intel system under Windows 98 SE with no problems.The vendor , Ipswitch , provides excellent customer support .
 Corel Gallery 380,000 has very user-friendly search and browse features . Not only does it contain thousands of clipart images , but the sound clips and video clips come in very handy for presentations as well . The 7 CD set is easy to install , and very easy to search/browse . Overall , this is a good product at a great price .
 I learned how to use this software literally in one minute flat . If you have ever made a CD , you can do this . All you have to do is import a tape or many scenes from a tape in a VCR , internet , etc. , and go to work . You can move scenes around by clicking and dragging . Add music from CD-ROM drive or WAVs from your computer . Text can be added easily . Why use 2 VCRs to cut and record your home video . With this software you can easily make fading and other types of cuts between scenes with the click of a button.Avid software took this product off the market because it found out that professionals were using it for their work . I got my copy off eBay.com . Go there to get yours ! I give you my personal guarentee that you will be making movies in no time at all . I recommend practicing with a few home videos . Say you like the arena scenes from Gladiator , but do n't like the talk ... put the tape in your VCR and record the fight scenes on the computer and paste them together . Now you have a version of Gladiator that nobody else has!I will be using this software for a video course I am taking . along with many other projects , the final one is a 15 minute movie that I have to make
 yeg nesh gu gesh du dush de ding . DANG YISTOMYER INCATSRO MAGNIOPIA ! FLANKOSTA MYOSTY INGABADOO !!
 LO VI TRABAJAR CON UN AMIGO Y CREO QUE ES EL MEJOR SOFTWARE PARA EL TRABAJO DE EDUCACI&Oacute;N Y PRESENTACIONES INDUSTRIALES
 THIS IS GREAT ... easy to use and wonderful interactive tour that shows you how to use the program . I reccommend this program for all classroom teachers who are trying to do multimedia and animation like they do at ... this is the best money you will spend for non-linear editing !
 I 've been using CorelDraw since 1998 . In my opinion , it is a very nice vector drawing tool , a lot more stable than CorelDraw 8 , and more user-friendly and less expensive than v12.Built-in PDF support is one feature worth mentioning . Printing to PDF Distiller from v8 took ages , and results were unpredictable . The built-in support makes PDF creation a fast and easy process .
 I 'm a graphic designer who uses this product on a daily basis at work , and HAD to buy my own copy for home because I loved it so much -- it is an extremely versatile product and can be utilized for so many functions -- At work we use it to set up screenprint designs to burn directly on screens and send files directly to a material cutter -LRB- for embroidery applique and vinyl heat press -RRB- . You can simply click a couple times to copy any picture from your own files or the internet into a file , and set up any type of document from magazines to birthday cards . It comes with additional programs that can turn any picture into a vector graphic with some really cool looks ; it even comes with something like 1000 fonts -LRB- not many specialty ones , however -RRB- ; it 's just great ! The only reason I do n't give this program 5 stars is that I am a trained designer and I 'm not positive that someone who just wants to pick this up and use it will be able to without taking some time to study and learn how to use the program -LRB- mostly because of terminology and such , it is really pretty user friendly -RRB- . And I got my copy at a GREAT price -LRB- why spend hundreds more for a new version when this one works really well ??? -RRB-
 I 've been a designer for over 25 years and I 've made my transition from the drawing board into the virtual world using Coreldraw and only Coreldraw . Its interface and tools are so simply , elegantly and efficiently arranged that if you have any -LRB- REAL -RRB- talent they will become an extension of yourmind and a means of tranposing your thoughts into our realm.I 've been using Coreldraw9 for over 5 years now and I 've only had complete satisfaction for artistic drawing as well as technical design . I do not want to upgrade to version 12 -LRB- because you can not upgrade perfection -RRB- and would never under any circumstances touch ANY Adobe product.P.S . I forgot to mention that I learnt how to use Coreldraw9 solo in the span of two weeks without any training aids , teachers or the internet .
 I must take exception to the only review shown for corel draw 9 - in particular the mention to save money buy just buying the upgrade as no key is necessary . Software manufacturers are already losing millions of dollars due to piracy . If you are a serious computer user , purchase the original at some point then upgrade as necessary . Anyone who expects a program to be totally bug free is not being realistic . If you feel that way go back to the typewriter !
 This is actually a first rate product . Consolidate your windows desktop with an X server . A little too pricey for home use unfortunately , but definitely worth it if you work with both environments in a corporate setting .
 My preschooler loves this CD ! She asks for it EVERY TIME we get in the car . And , she 's learning her addition facts ! We practice one verse at a time in home-school , and look at the facts on flash cards . We work with manipulatives separately . She is sailing through learning her addition facts , and loving every minute of it . It uses memorable rhyming verse in conjuction with a pleasant melody -LRB- I really like that it 's not a rap or rock style - I do n't want something that is going to make my little one `` wound up '' or hyperactive -RRB- I wish I had had a resource like this as a child ! As it is , I am mastering some of the facts myself using this CD . It 's very well written , catchy tunes , and the kind of thing that does n't grate on Mommy 's nerves the 1000th time she hears it ; -RRB- I highly recommend this CD .
 We had previously purchase the ` Multiplication Songs ' album in this series , and had had really good results with our oldest boy . When the younger boy began struggling with his addition families , we sought out the addition album . It is a solid program , but a bit cheesier than it 's brother . Of course , it is targeted at younger students .
 Though lacking the extreme customization of Linux , MacOS X Server 10.0 enables even novice users to set up and administrate networked and web servers with ease , while providing a power UNIX-based core . Based heavily on FreeBSD , OS X server provides industry standard Apache web server software , Samba file sharing , a mail server and every other feature found in UNIX operating systems without the need for the command line interface . Furthermore , if you are feeling adventurous , or feel the need to get under the hood , OS X provides the same command line shells as linux and Unix . Plus , Server ships with Quicktime streaming server and Apple WebObjects support.Despite what the other review states , OS X Server runs well , even on older machines , providing file and print services which are equal to , if not faster than our OpenBSD on Intel systems , or our Sun SPARC file servers.Still not perfect , OS X server is very well put together and continues to grow stronger with every revision .
 For my home connection , I use this software , which is real good and excellent connection.I am going to upgrade now for latest version .
 This program is wonderful . It has really helped me keep organized , not just in my everyday life but for events like my upcoming wedding . It 's a must have .
 Harvard Graphic was exactly what I was looking for to present aschool presentation . It had most of the capibilities of `` Powerpoint '' without spending the money . Easy Directions , great color ! For the presentation beginner , this is all you 'll need .
 The videos are very helpful and give you lots of info on how to work the software . Through the videos they talk about creating a file in photoshop , arranging the work space , scanning an image into the cumputer then cropping the images . Also examining cmyk and explain the difference between gif and jpeg and animating layers . So if yout are really intrested in photoshop then get this .
 The 4D world opens a plethora of opportunities to create custom databases that work either in a single user or a multi user environment . There are many vertical and horizontal market applications which use 4D as a basis for the application . It is both a Rapid Application Develeopment -LRB- RAD -RRB- environment and a true database environment rolled into one . For more information you might try subscribing to the 4D news Group .
 I have been using 4th Dimention since its debut in 1988 . It is by far one of the easiest and most comprehensive development languages you can buy . It 's unfortunate that the marketing of 4D has been so poor and it never really caught on in the mass market .
 I 've tried a bunch of other MP3 players for MacOS , and been disappointed each time . SoundJam on the other is a sheer pleasure to use.The application is well designed , the integrated encoder and CDDB access is wonderful and it never skips while I 'm working . I 've encoded my entire CD collection onto the hard disk of my PowerBook G3 and am loving every minute of it.Just buy this software ... its worth the twice the price .
 Anyone will love this Software , anyone will recognise the menues , extra skins are fast downloads , and have a wide range of styles . The Equalizer has more options than you might think , with presets like , Hip-Hop , Arena -LRB- good for live songs -RRB- , Rock , Pop , Piano , and Deep maximises sounds , also make your own pre-set . I 've used this program from when I had my 20th mp3 . Now I 'm over 1000 files , this program has covered my needs through out . Playlist are totaly costomisable , quickly change the order from by Album , to by Size . Anything you want . Also Auto-create playlist is avalible.The mp3 encoder is wonderful , with intuitive controls , varitable bit rates , and optimised to work with the G4s so encoding works as fast as your drive can spin the CD . BTW , when you insert a disk , it calls the CDDB and fills in the track names , ablum , artist , and more.Extra tools such as convert ID3 tags , graphic plug-ins are all included and the company encorages you to try your hand at building your own and download others from Casady and Greene 's web page . Not to mention , the program wont miss a beat , load IE or Navagator , and it plays though . Even when I loaded Baldur 's Gate!This program didnt skip a step , included everthing you need , and more . Buy this software and you will never need another MP3 player again . EVER .
 Sound Jam is a great Mac product . Easy to learn , easy to use , and well-designed . Convert unlimited CD audio files to MP3 , and automatically play downloaded MP3s . Easy to create & modify playlists . Nice keyboard alternatives . I 've tried a few other Mac MP3 products , and this is the best .
 Even if I did n't like music , I 'd love the SoundJam MP3 player . Its playback is consistently better than other players . It also handles being backgrounded elegantly , even if a lot of I/O is going on . And it has all the bells and whistles we got used to with the freeware MacAMP , including audio and video plugins , equalizers , dynamic indicators , telltales , etc. out the wazoo.But where it really shines is the user interface . This program is the best example of the Mac UI to come along for many , many years . Drag and drop to and from the Finder and other apps is seamlessly supported . Want to play an mp3 ? Just dump it on your desktop alias of the SoundJam icon . It plays.MP3 file management is greatly simplified by being able to form unlimited playlists ; playback options include truly random shuffle , repeat 1 song , repeat all , and EQ on/off . Display is fully customizable by means of ` skins ' . Encoding is also top quality and extremely speedy . And if all that were n't enough , the program is seamlessly integrated with the Rio500 portable MP3 player - it 's literally plug and play . As soon as the Rio is plugged in and the app launched , the Rio window opens ; when the device is unplugged , it disappears.I would buy this piece of software again , if only to support Casady and Greene 's unquestioned dedication to the Mac software standard .
 Sounjam rocks just because cassady & greene is always updating the soundjam player . and also because you can make mp3s from you own cd and share them with your friends :O -RRB- . And also because it has now many more features that makes the soundjam player the best mp3 player of its kind for the mac SOUNJAM TOTALLY RULES !!!
 This latest version of 4D really helps keep it up with the competition , but in terms of turning out applications for small and large numbers of users quickly , it 's got to be one of the best tools on the market , especially in a mixed PC/Mac environment.Rather than being a RAD tool with a database engine bolted on , 4D is a completely integrated , database application development tool containing everything needed to create everything from single-user to large multi-user client-server systems . There 's also an ODBC driver available for 4D server and 4D can act as a client to SQL and ODBC backends such as Oracle , MS SQL Server , Sybase , etc.The new webserver in 4D 6.5 now makes it far easier to produce intranet/internet applications than ever before , and it makes it far easier to let web designers do all the design work.The productivity increases with this latest version keep it well up with the competition , plus the engine speed improvements and additional internet features are an even bigger bonus . Add to that the interface improvements and loads of other new features and it 's got to be the best value product ACI have ever released .4 D is a great tool for any sized application from single user to 150 + with the added benefit of having even more users connecting via the webserver , all in one box . It 's even got a proper machine code compiler.This package has everything you need to get started with 4D development as it comes with the compiler , plus the most popular plug-ins from ACI .
 This software is good , but could be great if it worked with GPS receivers that use USB cables . All is not lost , as long as you pay $ 19.99 for the TOPO ! Streets & 3-D Views , Expansion Pack , which will give you USB capability .
 I got Pocket Money back in 2001 shortly after getting my first Palm pilot . This program alone justifies my need to have a Palm PDA . I have used it for keeping track of my money transactions for since then . I can have several accounts stored in the program , and run transfers between them . The very first transaction is dated July 24 , 2001 and it still appears on record.It 's even helpful for budgeting . When I deposit money , I get on this program and start deducting off future bills and upcoming expenses . The convenient part is I can mark these accounts as `` not cleared '' which means I can see two different totals , one being the actual total and then the `` Cleared Totals '' only.Repeated transactions can be done automatically as well . Just set up a transaction and then tell it how often that transaction will occur.You can password protect entry into the Pocket Money program . Also , notes can be added to transactions -LRB- so you can store receipt numbers or other info -RRB- . You can set limit alerts on particular account . If you pass that limit , the program displays a message.You can also set categories for particular transactions . For instance , if I buy something for my business , I just mark it under the category ` business -LRB- or anything you want -RRB- . Then , when Tax time rolls around , I can view just the transactions under the business category . Makes it easier to remember what needs to be deducted.I 've had this program follow me through my Palm M100 , a Handspring Prism , yet another Handspring Prism -LRB- first one met an unfortunate demise -RRB- , and finally my Treo 650 . Its especially convenient that Hot-sync backs up the database . I 've had a few harsh crashed and I 've been able to get my database back every time -LRB- minus un-synced actions -RRB- . When I was considering getting a smart phone , the ability to load a good working money management program was a priority , so it made getting the Treo a good deal.While I do really like this program , there are some quirks I 've noticed over the years .1 . I have one automatic transaction that I ca n't seem to stop . I no longer need the program to stop repeating this particular transaction but for some reason it wo n't stop . In the end , every 15th of a month I have to delete that action manually .2 . Despite what the box and instructions said I never seemed to manage importing/exporting into Quicken or Microsoft Money . I 'm using Version 2 so maybe the Version 3 they are selling works better . I was a little upset about this at first , but I think I like it better as a Stand-Alone . I use Microsoft Money for verifying my accounts and Pocket Money for in the field record keeping . Besides , every time you sync your device IT WILL BACKUP the Pocket Money database , which is good enough for me .3 . Some higher functions , like `` rolling up transactions '' crash the device . This has happened every time I try to do those functions and on every device I have had . I do n't know what the deal is , but I have n't needed those functions so I guess its not important.I 'm giving a review based on Version 2.0 of Pocket Money and they 're selling Version 3.1.2 now . I 'm sure there might be some changes and improvements , but based on the screenshots from Handmark 's website , it looks very similar to my version . Just a few added bells and whistles . I 'm considering moving to the newer version , and probably starting fresh -LRB- four years of records can a database really large . -RRB- Even with those quirks , I still give this program 5stars . I ca n't believe how simple and easy it has been for me to keep up with my transactions with this on my PDA . It has helped me keep a closer eye on my bank accounts and also helped me be more aware of my spending habits . This program really is worth trying out .
 I 'm fairly new to Pocket Money - I bought it to go with my new Palm TX . This program helps me to be even more productive and organized than I thought possible ! I no longer have to lug around my laptop PC when I travel ! Now I can keep good track of my financial transactions on my PDA . I can easily keep up with my credit card balances and not be surprised at the end of the month when my bill arrives . This program also tracks other things like my bank balance since I can store several accounts and can conduct transfers and other business transactions while on the road/go . As the various account balances change , I can keep up to date with changes in my net worth as it tracks all my various account balances . Simply put , you spend , you track which account you spent from , and the PDA does the rest ! This is so helpful with tracking budgeting also . I 've tried so hard to keep to a budget but tracking spending is the difficult part - problem solved ! When I 'm ready , I import information to my quicken program.What 's really great is the ability to generate reports on the whole thing ! And , I do n't have to worry about my information falling into the wrong hands since it is all password protected - use a password ! Finally , I sync with my home PC so I never have to worry about losing my valuable information . I can work on my PC or I can work on my PDA and just sync the two ! This is a great program - and a great buy !
 I bought this for my 3 year old and she loves it ! The games are a great for improving ABC skills and it also has a cute little animal game just for fun . I had purchased several computer games that stated they helped with ABC order or learning ABC 's but they were either too easy or hard . This game is perfect for preschoolers !!!
 I 'm not a designer by any stretch of the imagination , nor have I ever used fancy CAD programs . My fiance is an architect , and I 've always watched in amazement while he conjures up plans from out of the blue but -LRB- let 's face it -RRB- had no idea when they meant.I used this program as a hobby to visualize my dream home - or really , homes . I have so many that it 's hard to pick ! It was a little difficult to use this program , mostly because it required so many details , but the final product was EXACTLY what I had envisioned!I ca n't comment on the blueprints or anything outside of the computer , because I ca n't afford to build this home just yet . . or possibly ever :-LRB- . . so there was no need to print out blueprints or show them to my fiance , but it was a lot of fun to `` build '' my homes on this program !
 I thought the software worked well . Took me some time to learn to use it , but then I was very happy with the results . Would recommend it to others who need this type of software .
 THIS IS AN EASY TO USE 3D HOME DESIGN PROGRAM , I WAS ABLE TO CREATE MY HOUSE WITHIN 30 MINUTES , I STILL NEED TO ADD DETAILS BUT I ONLY PLAYED WITH THE PROGRAM FOR 45 MINUTES . *** TIP *** USE THE FOUNDATION WIZARD , PICK ONE THAT IS CLOSE TO YOUR HOUSE SHAPE THEN MODIFY THE OUTSIDE WALL DIMENSIONS TO MAKE IT EXACT .
 I 've been using this product and versions of it 's predecessors for quite a few years now . One thing I will say right away is that learning this for a newbie can take a little time . It can be fun , but it is difficult to take a space that is already in existence and build it with the program . As a person with CAD and design experience , I can say this is something I would use just for fun.My biggest problems are the limitations of what you can create . Often my houses end up looking too much alike . Not to say you ca n't make a good variety of home designs ; its just difficult or impossible to take what is in my head and build it with this program . Some of this is just because the different finishes are nice , but do n't fit the interior design schemes I would like to create . I also have problems with the program randomly freezing , causing me to loose my work . It seems to happen in spurts . I also could not get the program to work on my husband 's computer at all , and his is newer than mine.All that being said , I have spent many hours creating homes and their interiors . I do like using the kitchen builder and playing with the landscaping tools , though they have their limitations too .
 I have had this software package for a month now . Outstanding and Excellent ! It comes with a Morris Proctor training CD . The Scholar 's package includes 330 resources . Logos tech support is both quick and competent . Why did I need tech support ? The training CD initial window was a * . hta file type which needs to be set to a Microsoft HTML File , not a Herrera Thumbnail Archive . You probably wo n't have this problem . Also , the musical hymns were muted in my audio settings . YES , there are 366 hymns in this set.INSTALLATION
 I have been using Logos products for over ten years , expanding and upgrading as funds permitted . As a full-time Baptist pastor , my library is a very personal thing to me -- my books are the `` tools of my trade . '' Libronix is MUCH more than just Bible software , although in my opinion it is the absolute best biblical software available . Libronix is a complete digital library system , allowing one to access from a hard drive what was previously accessed from a pastoral book shelf or a seminary library.Over the past ten years , I 've been transitioning to a digital pastoral library , and Libronix is my format of choice . I 've considered other popular software programs , but nothing comes close to Libronix . It has unsurpassed Biblical tools , PLUS a vast amount of reference titles and contemporary authors.One great thing about Libronix is the amount of pricing options available to get started . Although I own the Scholar 's Library Gold edition -LRB- widest selection of titles in one package -RRB- , a person can start with a less expensive package , such as the Christian Home Library . Do n't want the Hebrew and Greek selections ? You do n't have to buy them . Want more contemporary authors and less classical works ? Craft the system to your choice , buying only the titles you truly need.Another outstanding characteristic of Libronix is their customer service . I have NEVER in ten years had any problems whatsoever . There is also a newsgroup of users available to discuss various issues from beginning to advanced.If you 're wanting to go digital in your Bible study and/or your Christian library , Libronix provides the best way to get there . I recommend this program highly . I have used various editions of it for years , and am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
 I received the software on time . Installation was a breeze . Everything installed as it should . I also bought A Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament and Other Early Christian Literature Third Edition -LRB- BDAG -RRB- directly from Logos . It works . The application has no clunkiness in the interface and the search times are excellent considering the volume of information that is scanned.While a multimedia tutorial is included , the package ships with no written , comprehensive user guide or reference guide . This bugs me . So far I have been able to find what I need in the help.It is a joy to explore Bible passages and topics with this product . I would wish this joy on you .
 I purchased the Scholar 's Library 2 years ago , and loved it so much that I quickly started to add more books to my digital library through Logos Bible Software . The Scholar 's Library contains 330 resources , which is a great package for the serious bible student . There are 7 different packages to start with , ranging from 68 - Christian Home Library to 700 resources - Scholar 's Library Gold . The resources in the Scholar 's would cost you approximately $ 6,100.00 in print , but in the digital format only $ 472.46 from amazon . That is less than $ 1.50 per book - an incredible investment for your Christian Theological Library . The other advantage of the digital library is that it does not take up shelf space , plus it can be portable , as you can place it on your laptop , and your desktop.This is the most powerful , and easiest to use software available today . After installation , you open the program and it displays a home page , providing 3 easy ways to search your library of books . 1 . By Study Passage 2 . By Study Word , 3 . or Study Topic - enter content and click go , it 's that simple . The program searches 1 . Commentaries 2 . Cross References 3 . Biblical People 4 . Parallel Passages 5 . Compares Versions 6 Shows Sermons 7 . Displays Maps 8 Suggests Music 9 Provides Topics within the passage , and 10 . Illustrations . - All that by entering a passage and clicking GO ! You just open each resource by clicking on the link and it opens your book to the right page . It is like having a research assistant opening up all of your books to the right page that deals with the passage , word , or topic ! It is an incredible time saver . It also provides an incredible amount of information to draw from.For deeper study , you would click on the Exegetical Guide , and it parses your passage , helping a person who does not know greek or hebrew get into the meaning of the words and passage . The program is easy to use for the english only students , and can be used extensively by the Hebrew or Greek Scholar . It is incredibly flexible . You will not be able to outgrow this program . Logos Bible Software has the largest amount of Christian Theological works available in their Libronix -LRB- from Library and Electronics -RRB- digital books . There are over 7,000 books that are available to add to your library.On a personal note , Logos features a Bible Reading Plan that I customized , a Daily Devotion that you can select by book , and a prayer List for you to enter the requests , and update the results . At the conclusion of a year you and your family can review the prayers and share the results of how God worked in your lives . - Incredibly Comprehensive , yet at the same time so easy . So easy that it makes bible study fun!You will not be dissappointed , but be absolutely thrilled . Buy it today , do not wait to make the investment in that which is eternal . The Word of God , and the tools to study it .
 If you are looking for an electronic Bible , this one may very well surpass your expectations/needs . It has many useful functions within it , many of which I have yet to explore , and too many to relate here in full.Here is a taste of its functionality from my experiences ... - Can have multiple windows -LRB- of varying sizes -RRB- open from various resources ... For example
 There are lots of Bible Software systems on the market and choosing one is not easy . I am so glad that I chose the Logos system . It amount of time it saves me on a regular basis is lifesaving.I am a seminary student who will be going into the Army Chaplaincy . As a seminary student , this is such a tremendous help with original language work . Word studies and parsing is just a mouse click away . This is such a great help . As a future chaplain who is facing a likely deployment to Iraq I know that I ca n't bring many books with me . I can however , bring logos . Therefore , I am building up my library electronically so I can always take it with me wherever the ministry takes me.The most amazing this about this software is its ability to integrate your library into your work . When I look up a passage -LRB- say John 4 -RRB- it gives me my preferred bible -LRB- ESV -RRB- and then it runs through my library to find where John 4 is referenced in all my electronic books . I click on a commentary -LRB- like the Word Biblical Commentary -RRB- , and it takes me right to the section on John 4 . With one click I can see every book in my library that has my passage referenced . What a huge time saver.This product is truly great and not once have I ever regretted my investment . I am learning new feature and how to do new things on this software every time I use it . They have thought of everything.Thanks logos for a great product .
 This version 3 is not Obsolete , even though version 4 is out.I personally would not pay $ 1,300.00 for the newer Version 4 Scholars Library Gold , however , I believe around $ 400.00 - $ 500.00 is a great price for an older Scholars Library Gold Version 3 considering the printed value of all the books is around $ 14,000.00 , and you get the same books as version 4 provides.I have version 3 Scholar 's Library Gold and found out verson 4 is a free download from Logos . The version 4 core system upgrade -LRB- without books -RRB- is a free download from the Logos Website . If your version 3 Logos Libronix Digital Library is installed on your Hard when you download and install Version 4.0 upgrade . The new version 4 will recognize the unlocked licenses for all your books from version 3 , and will automatically download the newer version 4 updates of every book from version 3 and install them unlocked on your computer free -LRB- no upgrade cost involved -RRB- . The version 4 free upgrade can also be installed as a stand alone original install , that you can purchase individual books to build your own library . Logos calls it an upgrade , but it is really a full install stand alone , but without any book libraries . The upgrade is a bare bones install.Pros
 I recently ordered the Logos Scholar 's Library software . I must say this is a totally awesome product !!! I have just begun to explore it , but there is so much good stuff -LRB- more than 300 titles/books -RRB- that it will take years to exhaust . I highly recommend this !!! And Amazon.com was by far the best way to get this product . As always , Amazon was professional , efficient and excellent !!!
 Truly a blessing to be able to have this product . Atremendous help !
 THIS SOFTWARE WAS DEVELOPED BY A PERSON THAT WAS OFFERED A HUGE SUM OF MONEY FROM MICROSOFT TO DEVELOP THE TYPE OF FRAMEWORK FOR THEM WITH MICROSOFT LIBRARIES . JUST SO YOU KNOW ... IT IS VERY POWERFUL AND THERE ARE ONLY ONE OR TWO SOFTWARE PACKAGES THAT ARE EVEN COMPARABLE ... I DO WISH THAT THEY OFFERED MORE DISPENSATIONAL MATERIAL IN THERE SCHOLARS LIBRARY ... ANYWAY ... HERE IS SOME PBB FILES FOR WHEN YOU BUY THE PACK ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 -LRB- EMC7 -RRB- is an outstanding product . It installed without a problem , it was easy to learn how to use , and provides a breadth of capabilities all under one integrated suite of products . The Home Page offers tremendous flexibility in how to use the product :1 . Task List
 I 've had a magical experience working with EMC 7 . All product features worked as listed on the box . Editing and burnng to DVD worked just fine . The vast capture , create and edit programs provided me with all the tools I needed to turn my home movies and pictures into beautifal projects that I burned onto cd/dvds . I seriously considered other products , but my friends swear by Roxio as one of them purchased Nero and had nothing but system lock ups and conflicts . He got so fed up with `` Zero '' , that he trashed it and bought EMC7 and now just raves about it 's ease of use and great editing tools . He convinced me to buy EMC7 and I will listen to his advice from here on . This is a magical product , its easy to learn and use and the videos and slide-shows I create all look excellent.It 's mystifying to read a few of these reviews as I 've had nothing but a good experience with excellent results .
 The integrated suite of software provides excellent capabilities under one roof . The intuitive interface lets you quickly learn and get productive with the product . If you are stuck , do n't worry because there are many ways to get help . There are how to videos , searchable PDF user guides , an online forum and knowledge base on their web site , plus I found their email tech support to be quite responsive . Editing digital photos was clear-cut and easy with Photosuite , and with Storyboard you can create slide shows with mixed digital media -LRB- photos and videos -RRB- and include , pan and zoom effects , special effects and transitions , overlays , and multiple audio tracks . Sharing these productions with family and friends is easy with DVDbuilder , which lets you create projects for burning to recordable discs - DVD , Video CD , Super Video CD , or DVD on CD . Easy Media Creator 7 is an excellent product and if you are n't using it you 're missing out .
 I tried some of the competitive products while taking an evening class a few months ago , and decided this was the product to buy . I 'm sure glad I did , Creator 7 is a terrific product . It has all the features I need , it was by far the easiest to learn and use , plus it comes with excellent documentation and support tutorials . I have now become the videographer and photographer amongst my family and friends , because they love the slideshows and videos on DVD that I build using Creator 7 . I recommend it to everyone who works with digital video or digital photos and want to create their own DVDs .
 I?ve only been using a PC for the last few years since I retired , so it takes me a while to feel confident doing things . I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to learn how to use this program and create some nice looking picture slide shows of my grandkids . I even used the DVD builder and created DVDs with chapters and everything . If an old fart like me can do it , then anyone can .
 Tightly integrated product where all components look and operate similarly with seamless interaction , not like some suites of products that are really a bunch of independent applications `` bundled '' in one package . Well thought out design and interface makes it easy to use . The `` Home Page '' offers various ways to use the product : -- Task List
 This latest version lives up to its name , Easy Media Creator 7 and then some ... It was extremely easy to learn , use , and create some stunning looking media projects . Outside of the slow install , I 've had no complaints using it since buying it 3 months ago . It has operated perfectly on my 1 year old Dell PC running Windows XP Home edition . Having burned 100s of data and music CDs and automated backups , I 've only created 2 coasters , which were my own fault.Easy Media Creator 7 is much more than an entry level CD/DVD burning program ... It has many powerful features for working with digital photos , digital videos and authoring DVDs . For an integrated software suite , the photo editing tools are pretty darn good , including handy features like auto fix , red eye removal , cloning , photo stitching , object alignment , transparency , etc. . The slide show creator and auto capture directly from your video camera are very cool features . Some of my friends who bought competing products are jealous how I can create dazzling slide shows with a combination of photos , video , and transistions with music and narration audio tracks . Authoring DVDs is a snap with the DVDbuilder component , and it even lets me place movie and menu buttons anywhere I want.I highly recommend Easy Media Creator 7 for anyone looking for no pain and lots of gain !
 I purchased this product on amazon and have had nothing but success since . -LRB- It even arrived a day early -RRB- I went with my gut and ordered it despite VERY negative reviews . I must tell you . IT WORKS ! No matter what they say , it operates exceptionally well if you have a somewhat new pc , XP home edition . The installation process is lengthy , but the rewards are amazing . You can do virtually everything . This product is PERFECT for amatuer filming -LRB- which I do -RRB- and simply making home movies . You can make video cd 's , once again perfect for amatuer filmers , cd 's , and even dvd 's . The precision editing is amazing in that you have total control over every aspect of your movie . Perfect for novices , yet great control for veterans . The steps are so simple to follow , that I did n't even read anything from the guide and was able to begin working.This new product is great . I suggest getting it . It beats the heck out of Windows Movie Waker.my page : www.geocities.com/theout_takes
 This Media Suite will make even the pro 's happy . Having said that here 's why . I have used Adaptec/Roxio Easy CD since Version 2.0.1 and in all that time this by far is the largest and most complete overhaul of this already excellent software Suite ever !! And even better because of the new Engine in ECD 7 you do n't have to remove the older version of the suite before you install the new version . This suite includes everything from CD burning to DVD burning and everthing in between -LRB- VCD/SVCD/PhotoCD / Capture -RRB- you name it this baby does everything . The new Help section and tutorial section is the best Help section of any software suite I have ever seen , as for all the pro 's out there the Media Home GUI has a link to everything this software does so there 's no hunting and searching high and low for what this puppy can do it 's all right there . BUY THIS PROGRAM you will NOT be disappointed !!!!
 Not only is Easy Media Creator 7 easy to use with all the features you need , it is rock solid . It does what it claims it will do , it is a very stable and mature product that does n't crash , and it comes with excellent support . A co-worker of mine uses a competitive product and he cries the blues about how often it crashes and locks up his system . He is so frustrated about paying to be a `` beta tester '' . Thankfully that is not the case with Easy Media Creator 7 , it performs great and best of all allows me to create some first-rate DVDs . I swear by this program .
 Easy Media Creator 7 scores a perfect 5 out of 5 in all categories that I rated it in :1 . Product Features2 . User Interface3 . Integration of All Applications4 . Documentation and Help Files5 . Customer Support6 . Overall Capabilities -LRB- What I can create using it -RRB- 7 . Overall ValueVery impressive , a MUST HAVE / WISH LIST product !
 I recommend this program for all digital media users - its a breeze to learn and use , plus its loaded with great features to keep all levels of users happy . My buddy and I each have it and we enjoy trying to outdo one another on the home movie DVDs we are creating . I highly recommend it to all .
 I 'm a long time user and have been using Easy CD Creator , Easy CD & DVD Creator and now Easy Media Creator 7 . They just keep making this product better and better . I 'm glad they retained the Creator Classic module for burning CDs , I 'm used to it , and it works like a charm . It is the best product on the market for making CDs , plus new backup tool is great .
 had problems out of box -LRB- mostly with DVD-r burning -RRB- but after a 53MB download from website it 's working great . Very easy to use compaired to others I 've tried -LRB- U-lead , Movie maker -RRB- . Tutorials are weak , more of an overview of what you can do than a how to , but help files are good . Great product for the money !
 With Creator 7 I 'm able to create some great DVDs , SVCDs and VCDs . It 's loaded with features that are easy to use , and all for under $ 80 . You ca n't go wrong .
 I bought this product to create DVDs of my home movies and digital photos . All aspects of Creator 7 , including building DVDs works fine for me . I 've created and mailed DVDs to my parents and they enjoy watching the movies of their grandkids and comment how professional looking they are . I have no beefs either about support . When I did need some help learning how to use the product , I explored the interactive Help Center , which includes video tutorials which showed me how to do it . It also comes with PDF user guide documentation . Easy Media Creator 7 is money well spent , especially at these new low prices - why were n't they this low when I bought it ?
 It is an Easy Media Creator - easy to learn and easy to use . I bought it because of the many video and slideshow capabilities not found in some of the competing products costing under $ 100 . The Storyboard creation tool let me mix photos and videos together complete with transitions . I could also apply Pan and Zoom effects to videos and photos . I also liked the SmartVideo capture capabilities , because it let me preview video scenes on my camcorder and only import the scenes I wanted rather than the whole video . I was also able to do standard stuff like adding music and narrative audio to my slideshow productions and then finally burn to disk . I like this program a lot and enjoy how it makes my amateur photography look professional once integrated into great looking slideshows and videos .
 I 'm returning to Roxio after previously swearing it off and this is why ! Despite its weaknesses -LRB- lousy technical support , deteriorated picture quality and audio synchronisation quirks on VCDs -RRB- , it simply delivers the most for the cost and is extremely easy to use.It also holds up best in customer satisfaction which says much about it . This is what I found in reading online reviews of its competitors : Roxio EMC 7 45 % loved it , 24 % hated itNero 6 27 % loved it , 34 % hated itPinnacle Studio 9 3 % loved it , 53 % hated itULead Videostudio 7 18 % loved it , 9 % hated itSony Screenblast 32 % loved it , 7 % hated itOut of these software programs , only Nero and Roxio supports photos , video AND music , making it a solid overall leader in my opinion . I have not tried burning DVD 's yet but I 've purchased the updated version specifically for this purpose -- I have always had good luck with CD burning . I have not had problems with crashing or freezing up.While not ideal for the professional or serious videographer , overall you ca n't go wrong with this program . And for the price you pay , its imperfections can be overlooked -LRB- and hopefully corrected by Roxio -RRB- !
 You ca n't go wrong at a bargain price of under $ 40 because this program packs in a ton of great features . It is easy to use and if you get stuck just go to the Help Center . Every application and tool comes with a comprehensive user guide -LRB- PDF file for viewing , searching or printing -RRB- and video tutorial showing you how to use it . As much as I like a printed manual , you ca n't beat the quick searching that you can do by having a file electronically available , besides it more environmentally friendly . The customer support is also very good . I was impressed with getting answers emailed to me in under a day . Easy Media Creator 7 worked as described on the box , what more can you ask . I recommend it .
 Easy Media Creator 7 has an amazing set of features , plus a great interface , which enables you to learn to use it quickly . My favorite feature is StoryBoard , which allows you to create cool slideshows with digital photos , video clips , audio tracks , text , transitions and special effects . This alone is worth the price of EMC 7 . If you own a digital camera you should buy it or add it to your wish list , you will enjoy it .
 Even on my 4 + year-old 1.6 Ghz Pentium 4 PC running Windows XP Home edition , Easy Media Creator 7 runs great . It installed fine and continues to run great now that I upgraded to Windows XP SP2 . Using the Roxio Updater -LRB- Tools - &#62; Extras & Utilities - &#62; Roxio Updater -RRB- I also downloaded the free upgrade to version 7.0.1 of the software . During my 6 months of use I contacted Roxio 's customer tech support a few times via email , and every time they got back to me within a day or so with answers to my questions . That 's pretty darn impressive support for software costing well under $ 100 . Beyond the technical stuff , this software is pretty amazing on how easy it is to use and how quickly I was creating some way cool looking DVDs of my home movies and digital pictures .
 Easy Media Creator 7 offers an easy to learn and understand interface that enables you to quickly use any of the applications that make up this integrated software suite . There 's many powerful tools available that I ca n't possibly mention them all here . A couple of my favorite tools are
 Roxio has packed a lot of features into one nicely integrated easy to use product . If you own a digital camera or digital video camera you got ta get this product . The photo/video editing and creating tools work well and the burning to DVD worked flawlessly . Plus , the burning/backup capbilities are rock solid . -LSB- BTW , I downloaded the 7.0.1 upgrade and it runs great on my 2.0 Ghz PC with Windows XP SP2 , 512 MB RAM -RSB-
 I ca n't believe how many people have written negative reviews of this product . I have had very little difficulty and have not yet downloaded the update . Just to test my premesis , I installed the program on an older HP P3 computer with XP but with less memory and speed than with my new Sony VAIO . It made a huge difference and I suspect that people having ther stated difficulties just do n't have a sufficiently powerful machine to deal with this very bulky program . It is working very well for me in producing family history videos with mixed movie clips from captured video , photos -LRB- digital and scanned prints -RRB- , clip art , voice over narration , MP3 overla , sound effects , etc. . I 'm considering starting a hobby business creating family DVD 's . Good Luck !
 I find Easy Media Creator 7 to be an ideal consumer product , because you do n't have to be a design school graduate to figure out how to understand and use it . I find myself constantly using the CD and DVD burning tools , plus the first-rate video editing and DVD authoring tools . Working in the storyboard editor you can quickly assemble your masterpiece , by dragging and dropping your video clips , transitions , titles , background music , and special effects , into a storyline or timeline view for professional-level editing control . In the timeline view you can precisely control the timing and positioning of each element for your perfect production . And , the authoring inside of DVD Builder lets you work like a pro , giving you complete control over menus , buttons , chapters and backgrounds . The results speak for themselves with the final DVDs looking very professional.Overall I give it a big thumbs up recommendation .
 As a former happy user of Easy CD and DVD Creator 6 I made the upgrade to Easy Media Creator 7 and love the new version ! It was so easy to use and I love all the new features . It sometimes feels a little lethargic moving between components , but is very stable , and I have not had any crashes with it on my old 1.6 Ghz PC running XP . I am a big fan of this software and appreciate how Roxio continues to improve the functionality of the software . I recommend it for all ages , you do n't have to be a computer nerd to use this product .
 I think this David Alan Hall guy is suspiscious , maybe he works for one of Roxio 's competitors ? I picked up Easy Media Creator in Fry 's on a recent visit to California and there were plenty available . I installed Easy Media Creator on my Windows XP system no problem .
 I have been using this program on my 3-year-old 1.5 GHz Pentium Sony PC with 512MB RAM , and it runs just fine . I have found it as responsive as any other program I run on my old computer . So far my only minor complaint was the slow install process , but at least that was a 1-time effort . The Media Manager helped me get organized by managing all my pictures and even captures them right off of camera . It has a good photo editing module and the storyboard feature that makes it very easy to combine photos , video and music clips into impressive slideshows , in no time at all . The DVD mastering tool is great for quickly creating customized DVDs . The CD/DVD burning tools are rock solid , `` Ford Tough '' . So far in the 4 + months using it , I have only made 2 coasters , and they were both user errors on my part . I like it and recommend Roxio 7 to anyone with a CD/DVD burner in their PC .
 I purchased Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 -LRB- EMC7 -RRB- so I could create DVDs of my home movies , and slideshows of all my digital photos . I 'm here to tell you that all aspects of EMC7 , including authoring DVDs worked just fine for me . I 've created and mailed dozens of DVDs to my family and friends across the country , and they all comment how professional looking they are . As far as support , I have no issues here either - it comes with an extensive interactive Help Center of video tutorial guides and searchable electronic user guides , plus Roxio provides lots of online tech support materials . EMC7 is money well spent .
 This integrated suite of products is superb . It was quick to learn and when I had problems I simply reviewed some of the how-to videos on Roxio 's web site to receive guidance . My slideshows , videos and DVDs turned out exceptional , if I do say . Well done Roxio .
 As a management consultant working from my home office I have both consumer and business software loaded on my computer . When I first bought Easy Media Creator 7 , the intention was to use it just for archiving and editing my family and vacation pictures and making CDs and DVDs . As I used it more and more , I discovered that it has many applications for my business . I now use it to create secure scheduled backups of my work files , and also use the Disc Copier feature for making multiple copies of my work CDs for clients . A good example was a few weeks ago when I managed a business planning offsite meeting for one of my clients , and took many digital photos of the 3-day session . I then turned these pictures into a slideshow complete with captions , transitions , and background music that I gave copies to everyone before they left . It was so well received , I 'm now going to use my digital camera and Easy Media Creator 7 all the time for my offsite meetings .
 It sure seems some folks are intent on undermining the sale of some products , based on the divergent reviews you see here . Roxio EMC 7 comes very highly rated by both PC World and PC Mag , so I bought it to use with my Sony miniDV camcorder and NEC 8x burner . I have burned CDs and DVDs , and I must tell you , it works wonders for a novice like myself . If you want the pro stuff , go buy Adobe or Pinnacle -LRB- and pay 'till it hurts ;--RRB- . If you are just looking for an easy-to-use , well-integrated suite of tools to get your media onto discs you can use , this pack is terrific . I 've experienced no bugs , crashes , etc. . The tools are largely intuitive , and its kinda fun , too ! Anyway , the discs play in both my Sony and Samsung DVD/CD players without a hitch , and the quality is amazing ! Just remember , like most products < $ 100.00 , this wo n't do EVERYTHING , but it does a lot , and probably anything the average Joe/Jane needs . Also , between the burner , media , software , PC , and electronics you use , there is a lot that can cause problems . This software is NOT one of them . I use a Dell with a 2.5 Ghz P4 and 1GB of RAM . Any name-brand media should work fine -LRB- I 'm partial to TDK ... inexpensive and good quality -RRB- . I think you 'll be very pleased with Roxio EMC 7 . Now go on ... get outa here ... and have fun !
 Media Creator 7 was easy to learn thanks to the single view `` Home Page '' interface that gives you simultaneous access to all program components . This product has pretty much all the features you 'll need for working with your digital media files . What has also been impressive about Media Creator 7 , is the great support materials and customer tech support . It comes with lots of materials to assist you in finding the answers to your questions . From the Help Center you can easily search the files for what you are looking for , or you can choose to go directly to the user guides and how to video tutorials . Roxio also provides many customer support materials on their web site , such as the knowledgebase where you can search on keywords and phrases and then it gives you some choices . Each of these choices then explains what to do . Their customer support email response time is very respectable , getting answers back to you in usually a day . Once , I called to talk to a live tech support person , and was fully prepared to pay the $ 30 per call . Not only did they help me resolve my issue , but they also waived the $ 30 fee . Talk about great service and support !
 I have never reviewed a product on Amazon before , but I think Media Creator 7 definitely deserves a good review . . PHOTOS - I created a few slideshows and burned into a vcd . It was easy just to drag and drop the photos you want , to create a slide show . I also added transitions between photos . The number of options to pick a transition is amazing.The one thing I missed from the Photo suite is the tagging option like in Adobe Photo Album . The tagging option is a simple way to categorize photos . I wish roxio will add this in their next version.EDITING VIDEOS - I did not capture any video yet using this software . I used an existing video . Splitting the video to different clips is easy to do . Also , I was able to add background narration to the video which is impressive . I have tried other software -LRB- Pinnacle , Click To DVD -RRB- which crashed on me usually while editing the video . This software never stalled or crashed on me yet.DVD BURNING - DVD burning was simple to use . Just add the video clips to the main Menu . Add a background theme . I burned the disks on both DVD+R and DVD-R . Then , I replayed those DVDs on TV . Looks fine to me.I am using a 2.8 Ghz Sony Computer . The installation was a breeze and the software is easy to use . Overall , this is a great value for the price .
 After reading all the magazine reviews and asking my friends and co-workers , all answers pointed me to purchase Easy Media Creator 7 as the best digital media software . If I had to sum up what I like best it would be : FEATURES -- This product packs a punch , with all the features it offers in one integrated package . These broad features include everything you need
 Creator 7 packs a punch , with all the functionality it offers . It does everything you need from backing up your data and burning discs , to creating audio/MP3 CDs , to editing photos and videos , to creating slide shows and videos , to mastering DVDs , whew ! A must have companion for anyone with a digital camera or digital video camera .
 It is an awesome program ! I use it for capturing , managing , editing and turning all my digital pictures into cool looking slideshows . I can add transitions , music or narration to liven up the slideshow . Another great feature is to use Pan and Zoom effects to add motion to my `` still '' photos by zooming into a portion of the photo or moving it around the screen . Finally , it allows me to master my slideshows to DVD or VCD so I can easily share and view my pictures on TV . I also use Creator 7 for the great CD/DVD backup and creation tools . It is a terrific product at a reasonable price and I recommend it to everyone .
 I have been using Easy Media Creator 7 since March , shortly after it came out . In all this time , my only complaint is that it was a painfully slow installation process , but the good news is that I only had to do it once . EMC 7 is a rock solid performer . Using Photosuite I have retouched years and GB 's worth of digital photos and turned them into slideshows , adding titles , transitions , special effects , music , and sometimes even a narration track to add my personal touch . I use the data backup utility a lot to prevent disaster . I have also converted many of my digital video home movies to DVD , some of them I edited , trimming video clips and adding transitions . With DVDbuilder , I created pro-looking DVDs and S/VCDs adding titles , menus , buttons , chapters and backgrounds . Then to finish off the final production I used the LabelCreator to make pro-looking labels to go with my pro-looking DVDs . It is a great program , I love it and can not imagine not having it . It has become a staple on my computer with MS Office and Internet Explorer .
 Like others , I had many problems with the video components of EZ Media creator . This was installed under Windwos XP SP1 . The recent release of a patch solved many if not all of the problems . The patch is a must!I have been using CD Creator since release 4.5 and will continue to do so .
 I 've used easy CD creator 5 and 6 and just upgraded to Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 . I found all three have worked fine for me.I thought of purchasing the NERO Suite this go-around , but since I have had no problems with Roxio I stuck with them.I had no problems with the installaion of Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 it immedately recognized Roxio creator 6 and flawlessly uninstalled it . The only problem -LRB- not a problem if your on a high-speed internet connection -RRB- is the up-date and fixes download was `` 106MB '' but the updates & fixes installed flawlessly too . -LRB- that 's right one hundred & six MB -RRB- . I do agree with other submittals that Tech support at times is not that great !! I keep my computer updated with all windows critical updates , have 1024ram -120 GB hard drive with XP PRO .
 We have been using Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 since April . My daughter -LRB- 14 -RRB- taught herself how to use it over a weekend , and for a class project back in May , she created a slideshow and mastered it to DVD . My son -LRB- 12 -RRB- also taught himself how to use it , and uses it all the time . He just finished touching up all his photos from summer camp and created a slideshow with his friends with their own commentary audio tracks . I have used Creator 7 for everything from regular scheduled backups to editing my digital photos , to building DVDs . It runs perfect on our HP Pavilion computer with 512 memory , 40GB HD and XP . We have had a great experience using it and tell all our friends to use it as well .
 I have used Roxio 's product for the last 2 versions and they keep making them better and better . Easy Media Creator 7 installed fine and runs great on my PC , with no conflicts or issues with other programs or Win XP . It is easy to use and Roxio provides good documentation and tech support , usually get email response in a day or so . I even had a live support call and Roxio waived the fee . I have had nothing but a great experience with Roxio and their software . Easy Media Creator 7 is a very good product and it is well deserving of this 5 star rating and all the awards it has won . Once you try it you will agree , it blows away the competition , delivering first-rate functionality at a low price .
 Easy Media Creator 7 is a terrific performer and burns data , music , video and slideshows on CD or DVD without a problem . It also has some outstanding editing and creation tools to make your final production look even better . Its easy to use and includes a broad selection of tools , all in one offering . For the price , extensive capabilities and how it makes your work look very professional , I recommend it .
 After reading some of these customer reviews I wonder if they are talking about the same product . I purchased Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 two months ago and have been using it continuously since . I have had nothing but a satisfying experience with it . The user interface allows you to pick it up quickly , openning up some powerful features for capturing , editing and creating with your digital media . I have been very impressed with Roxio 's customer service , who have promptly responded to numerous questions via email within 18-36 hours . All the available features , plus great customer service and a low price equals incomparable value .
 Easy Media Creator 7 is the best multi-media product I have used for working with my digital photo and video files . It has excellent media management capabilities and great photo/video editing/creating tools . DVDbuilder works great for creating DVDs or VCDs with chapters . And of course the proven disc burning and backup capabilities I have grown to expect in all the previous versions of Easy CD Creator . I give it a thumbs up 5 star rating .
 The user interface and support materials -LRB- users guides and how to video tutorials -RRB- made this a piece of cake to learn to use . It packs loads of functionality into this one product . As a digital photography buff I especially like the quick photo editing tools and turning my pictures into fun presentations with the Storyboad module . I can share my slideshows by importing them into DVD builder where I create the menu-driven interface , and then burn them to VCD format -LRB- which is readable on most newer DVD drives and players -RRB- . It is a GREAT product that lives up to its name !
 I am a thorough shopper and hate to pay more than I have to , or buy a product that does not deliver on its claim . Before I buy technology products , I read all the reviews , both the professional editorial reviews , and those from us folks who work for a living . I also asked friends and family what program they preferred . When I tallied up all the reviews and personal recommendations it came out to about 8 out of 10 rating/recommendation for Easy Media Creator 7 . So I bought the software and after using it for the last 3.5 months I can confidently tell the world it is an outstanding program . The interface made it easy to learn how to use , plus the excellent support materials helped me when I had questions . A couple of times when I did get stumped , their tech support responded back to me with answers both times within 24 hours!Conclusion
 I always enjoy reading some of these reviews and some of them sound like competitors just trying to convince readers not to buy with some of their fictional review postings ? Some even get so blatant to recommend their own product - how low can they go?Easy Media Creator 7 was easy to install , in fact it installed the first time on both my desktop and laptop Dell PCs running XP . My only complaint is that it was a very slow install , plan on doing something else while this is taking place . At least its a 1 time thing you have to put up with . Both my daughter and I have found it easy to use and have enjoyed creating our own slide shows with transitions and special effects . She created CDs that she took to school showing off pictures of her class field trip . The photo editing works good too . You get a lot of capabilities in this one program . We think it is great .
 Easy Media Creator 7 offers an easy to learn and understand interface that enables you to quickly use any of the applications that make up this integrated software suite . My daughter just graduated from high school and this weekend I created a video comprised of digital photos and video clips , select music , transitions , titles , etc. all blended together of all the events this past month leading up to graduation . I am so proud of my daughter but also have great pride and sense of accomplishment in what I just did by creating a great looking video that I burned to DVD.Roxio provides many materials to help you find all the answers , such as how-to video tutorials , and PDF user guides . The Roxio web site knowledgebase also helps you find answers to any questions , and if you still need help , I found their tech support email responses were quick , only taking 1-2 days to get answers.I recommend this product for people at all levels .
 There 's a reason for the variety of reviews of this product . On some systems it obviously works , and for some folks it 's a disaster . I was in the second camp initially . For the record , I 'm quite computer literate . I wasted many , many hours trying to get this suite of programs to work , to no avail . Here 's the deal . I installed it , and downloaded and installed the update . The `` home '' screen would open and close in about a half second . If I went to the programs menu and individually started the component software , some components would open and some did n't . The ones that opened saw all my drives as source drives , but not as destination drives . The only component that actually worked was the drag-to-disc program . Everything else was a disaster . I have a pretty high-powered PC , so that 's not a problem . I 've used a large number of other similar products , also not a problem . I uninstalled every software component on my system that I thought could be conflicting , no solution . Uninstalled and reinstalled more times than I can count . Bought it over a weekend , so of course would n't get an answer from email support till Monday . Talking to tech support had a $ 35 fee , and also had to wait till Monday . So , no work got done over the weekend . At least some companies will connect you to India or Singapore to let you talk for free to a human who does n't understand the product . At least you can vent ! Not Roxio , no , on a weekend or after hours , you get to `` ask Roxie '' , a virtual support entity that of course has never heard of your problem . -LRB- OK , to be fair , she/it can handle lots of basic issues -RRB- . I was ready to play frisbee with the disk . But Monday morning , on a whim , I called their offices -LRB- in Toronto -RRB- and lo and behold , they fell all over themselves to help me out . They connected me to tech support , and even gave me an event number to bypass the $ 35 fee . To my suprise , I was able to fix the problem in four minutes flat . It did require changes in the registry settings , something very few people would -LRB- or should -RRB- mess with without guidance . I 'd never have figured it out without their help , and the average person would probably have had to pay the $ 35 if they 'd just called tech support outright . So , happy ending , and I was impressed with how nice they were once I got hold of them.As for the functionality , it so far works as advertised , although I have n't burned any DVD 's yet . Overall , it seems to me that some of their menus are clunky and non-intuitive , but once gotten used to they 're OK -LRB- although I 've gotten better photo-editing software for free with scanners ! -RRB- . Also , I like the ability to merge audio tracks , a nice feature missing on some other programs -LRB- great for live tracks where you want song markers but no breaks -RRB- . Seems to be a good product , although I 'd invest in a quick call to Toronto before calling tech support directly if you have an immediate issue .
 Everybody raves about how good Easy Media Creator 7 is at creating slides shows , videos , music CDs , DVDs , etc. -LRB- I agree ! -RRB- , but few talk about it as a great backup tool . I think it is the best tool for everything media and CD/DVD related . Call me paranoid , but I backup all my files all the time . With Creator Classic I can quickly do backups -- that sometimes span multiple CDs or DVDs -- to archive my entire HD or selected folders . I use the Plug & Burn feature inside DVD Builder to backup my video directly from my digital video camera to a DVD disc , in just a few steps . My video backup recently saved my bacon when I mistakenly recorded over some of the video on my camera , thank goodness I had backed it up . Easy Media Creator 7 is easy to use , the Help Center has excellent documentation and tutorials , and it is very stable and runs fine on my XP computer .
 i just bought a laptop with dvdrw k12 drive . Nero was installed on my computer but it was suck , when i burn a disk it wont go with full speed because of some buffer overflow protection thing , and some of the disk was totally blank after burn . So i decide to try roxio , it was perfect , it burn with the speed that took only took 5-7 minute for my disk to ready to use . Plus it was so much easy to use .
 I ca n't believe some of these reviews ? User error or what ? I have not had a problem using Creator 7 in my 5 months of use . Creator 7 is a grown-up product that can be used by all ages and levels of expertise . It 's a solid performer and is chock full of features for massaging your digital files and burning CD/DVDs . Each of the components -LRB- Disc Copier , Creator Classic , PhotoSuite , DVD Builder , VideoWave , Drag-to-Disc , Napster -RRB- is an excellent product in their own right , but when integrated into Creator 7 it is a phenomenal product . It 's worth checking out .
 This is by far the easiest , fastest and best video editing and media creation program I have ever used , and unfortunately , I have tried way too many until getting this one ! It is suitable for all levels , from novice to experienced users . You will be amazed at how easy it is to use this program . In a couple of hours one evening I copied my summer vacation video to DVD , scanned and inserted some still photos from the resort and sights we visited and added text and transitions to make it look professional . It was simple to do , and the final DVD disc turned out looking great!So far the only hiccup in using this program was the huge update I had to download . Thank goodness for my broadband connection , it was 51.85 MB , but took less than 4 minutes . It was well worth the minor inconvenience.Overall this program is worth every penny .
 I recently discovered that this great consumer software - Easy Media Creator 7 - that I use for my own personal and family fun could also be used for some of my work projects . Not everyone in the world has PowerPoint , and if they do , they may not have the same fonts installed on their PC as the slideshow you are trying to share with them , etc. . So creating and sharing slideshows that everyone can view can be a challenge . I just got back from attending a conference and trade show last week where I took a bunch of pictures . In no time I downloaded them and turned them into an annotated and audio narrated slideshow using Creator 7 . I then had our Webmaster post it on our Intranet site and now co-workers from around the world can watch a quick summary of my show observations . It made me look like a star at work !
 I bought this product based on my research of users opinions and found it has lived up to their high opinions . I have boxes of family photos as well as numerous camcorder tapes of family events . I wanted an easy comprehensive program that would let me arrange photos and video clips , add music and burn on a DVD . This program does it all and more . It may not do everything extremely well , but for the price , well enough to put out an impressive DVD . After about two hours of getting familiar with the program , I was able to create a DVD that had 35 pictures and a video clip with background music - stunning results . I played the DVD on several different brands of DVD players and had no problems . Looks great on TV . I 've had no problems running the program on my computer - I 'm running this on a Pentium IV 2.9 GHz , 1 gig ram and 200 GB ram HD . Since I am a beginner/weekend hobbyist , this suites my purpose of sharing pictures with family - I 'm finding much better to share on DVD than paper photos . For an all-in-one package at this price , it does the job very well and I would recommend it .
 From installation to creating my first DVD , this program sure has lived up to its name - `` Easy Media Creator '' . The intuitive home page and user interface made it easy to learn , in particular , how it categorizes ways to use the program by tasks . This allows me to quickly select the task I want to complete , like `` create new MP3 disc '' , `` edit and fix photos '' , `` create new DVD '' etc. I like to share my digital pictures with family , friends and colleagues from work and using Easy Media Creator I either create elaborate slide shows that I master to DVD , or I simply email them copies of my pictures . A great little feature I use all the time in Easy Media Creator is the automatic way to email photos . Before getting Easy Media Creator , I used to have to edit my pictures one at a time in Photoshop Elements , and then convert each of them to a smaller size and save them . Then I would import the pictures one at a time into Outlook -LRB- either in the body of the HTML email , or as an attachment in a text email -RRB- and then email them out . Depending on the number of pictures , this was a slow and tedious process . Now with Easy Media Creator 7 , I launch the `` Email photos '' task and it only takes a few simple steps . First I select all the photos I want to email , then I adjust the option for the screen display I want to send them as -LRB- 640x480 , 800x600 , 1024x768 , actual size -RRB- , and it automatically converts the photos and inserts them into an Outlook HTML email message , all ready to be sent out . It converts each of the photos from 2048x1536 -LRB- approx 1.32 MB -RRB- to 800x600 -LRB- approx 83KB -RRB- and inserts them into the email all in a matter of seconds . How cool is that?I 've been using all the features of this program since buying it back in April and with total confidence I recommend it to everyone working with digital media .
 This product packs in so many great features into one package . It 's pretty easy to use and comes with great support materials - user guides and video tutorials . The customer support is very good , with a good knowledge base to query on their web site , plus they are responsive to email questions - on 3 separate occasions I sent them email questions and each time I received answers the next day . And most importantly , it does everything it claims , enabling me to build some great looking DVDs . Pretty darn good if you ask me .
 I wanted to create a DVD presentation with photos and video clips - with background music track and narration . This product does it all . Many editing tools are available for fades , transitions , captions , etc. - even pre-set themes . You can set up all your clips , rearrange , adjust length of time on screen for each photo if you want , and then add the sound . You can even zoom in and/or add motion to a still picture ! It all works - even for a novice!I did have to go to the Roxio website to get a patch when the original DVD Builder would not load , but that was simple to do , and now it works perfectly.We have made presentations for a wedding , a family history , and are working are more fun things with kids . Great for a video yearbook.Just a note - after reading other reviews , I should mention that I am using this with XP - no problem !
 Some would say that a departure from the burning focus that has served them well is risky ; however , after working with this program , I 'd say not . This is an exceptional application . It has the grace of iLife , but with power to spare . The video applciation -LRB- videowave -RRB- is outstanding , as are Creator Classic , and DVD Builder . The only weakness I see is in their Drag to Disc which does not always behave well -LRB- in my tests at least -RRB- . That being said , nothing comes close . And at the price , it 's a no brainer .
 This is a great product . I use this all the time to edit my Digital Photos and have made some great DVD video slideshows for my picture albums . I definitely recommend it .
 For the cost , for the effects , it 's explosive ! Never ever have I gotten back more than what I 've paid , this is the exception . A product that offers me effects , the ability to mix graphics , with music , and transform them into a master piece , and to apply them to almost any type of media . It offers still a whole bunch more . I 've paid thousands of dollars for software , but this here , has to be one of the most fun , and easiest software I 've encountered , and problem free . You wo n't regret buying this , the only thing you will regret , `` Is why did n't I get this long ago '' .
 This is a fantastic product . The biggest advantage of it is tight integration of ALL media related tools . ECDC 7 reminded me of Microsoft Office -LRB- only for multimedia -RRB- . This is brilliant idea
 I have n't experienced the install issues others seem to have except on a few years ago -LRB- 2001 ? -RRB- with a NEW system that had a ` demo ' version preinstalled . I was unable to do a complete uninstall needed to install the full version . Lesson ... do NOT try to install over a demo version ... you need a registry cleaner to get rid of the demo settings . Otherwise , there have been no other issues on 4 different computers.I have used versions 5 and up and have had no upgrade problems either.Yes , it is a slightly bloated bit of software and WILL bog down a slow processer -LRB- &#60; 100 MhZ -RRB- , but most computers made in the past few years should easily handle this .
 It installed perfectly the 1st time on my PC running XP Pro -LRB- although kinda slow , but hey , I only had to do it once -RRB- . The intuitive user interface made it simple to learn . The suite of software is awesome and does everything I need for working with and creating music CDs , backing up my data on CD and DVD , working with digital photos and digital video , and creating DVDs . It 's allowed me to create some professional-looking DVDs containing family photos and home movies . I recommend it to all . If you want another opinion I suggest you read the magazine and online reviews done by the pros who use and review software for a living . That 's what I did and they did not lead me astray .
 I read the user reviews here and researched the online PC editor reviews and the overall consensus was positive , so I bought EMC7 and am glad I did . Although it can be sluggish at times moving between applications , it 's performing as expected and is living up to its name . I 've had no problems using it and recommend it to anyone working with digital photos , videos , or creating music/data backup CDs/DVDs .
 As an amateur photographer I wanted a program that could help me correct and improve my photographs and archive all my files on to CD or DVD . EMC7 is just the ticket , as it has all the ideal tools ! I use the Capture tool to capture the images directly off my digital camera , and the Media Manager tool to organize , view and find all my photos , video clips , audio files and EMC7 projects on my HD . It comes with great photo editing tools , including an autofix option for correcting pictures , a handy red eye removal tool , a clone tool , and a stitch tool to create panorama pictures . With the Story Board tool I 'm able to combine my photos , video clips and songs into a multimedia slide show that I can add titles , transitions , and special effects to . With the Label Creator tool I can use the themed templates or design my own CD/DVD covers , inserts and even print out disc labels directly onto the media using my Epson printer . Using the DVD Builder tool I can create professional looking DVDs with complete control over buttons , menus , chapters and backgrounds . There are many great disc creation tools , as well as an awesome Backup Project tool that allows me schedule regular disc backups . For the price , ease of use and all these and more outstanding capabilities , you ca n't go wrong with EMC7 .
 Each new version of Easy CD/DVD/Media Creator -LRB- their evolutionary naming strategy ? -RRB- continues to get better , with new features and capabilities , and better integration . Creator 7 is the best yet , including better photo and video editing tools , support for copying/compressing un-protected DVDs , and an improved look and feel that 's common between all Creator 7 components . The help files , user guides and video tutorials for each application were helpful and easy to use . Email support was pretty quick with their answers . One time I called for live phone support prepared to pay the fee -LRB- around $ 30-35 -RRB- and they waived it ! I 'm already a big fan and loyal user of Roxio 's products , but this example just reinforced why they are a class act . For the features , functionality , support and price you ca n't go wrong with Creator 7 .
 Pros
 This is a real good product . It lived up to the reviews I read before making my decision . I bought it a month ago and am happy to report that I made the right choice . If you want to capture , edit and create videos or slide shows of your digital pictures/movies and then burn to DVD , this is a must have product . Plus for the price how can you go wrong .
 No problems at all with this . Functions as I expected and as it was promoted . Easy to use and offers an incredible portfolio of products , all in one offering . Overall I feel it met and exceeded my expectations . Good job to the Easy Media Creator team !
 Easy Media Creator 7 scores a perfect 5 out of 5 in all categories that I rated it in :1 . Product Features2 . User Interface3 . Integration of All Applications4 . Documentation and Help Files5 . Customer Support6 . Overall Capabilities -LRB- What I can create using it -RRB- 7 . Overall ValueVery impressive , a MUST HAVE / WISH LIST product !
 I got the product based on the PC Mag review which said it was great . It 's quite simply an incredible product when you consider what previous versions were like and what you get for less than $ 100 . It 's not perfect but it comes close . Here 's some pros and cons . On the pro side , it basically has everything you need for anything to do with music , burning , video , photo and DVD . Everything looks and works the same way -LRB- it might the nicest looking software on the PC - actually it looks like Apple made it ! -RRB- All the tools work well together . The burning is really fast . There 's a nice data back up feature with password protection . It has this very cool feature where you can create slide shows of pictures that move , which is an amazing effect . The whole slide show app is pretty clever . It 's actually a video app -LRB- which might seem scary at first -RRB- but it 's so easy to use you never realize it . You can use it for both pictures and video . The disc label app is pretty extensive -LRB- I did n't think people actually use these -RRB- it 's a full featured graphic app just for disc labels and it works while you burn CDs . The photo app seems no different in features than Adobe Elements but is much easier to use -LRB- more about that below -RRB- . The DVD application is very full - you can move and resize buttons and text , you can animate buttons and menus , it even has Dolby audio . You can edit DVDs . You can even create a full DVD with just one click with a digital camera . There 's a tool that comes up when you plug in digital cameras to bring your photos or videos in . I 've never seen such a tool -LRB- usually every digital camera has it 's own software -RRB- . You can record audio from LPs or tapes and the software finds the different songs automatically . The help system is pretty good - there 's like 1000 pdf pages for everything and even video tutorials . On the con side , I would say the photo app is a bit too wizardy for my taste . Napster is kinda connected but not like the other applications - and there 's no free trial or free downloads which would have been nice . There 's no printed manual like the previous version but the online help is extensive . The launcher is kinda big - it can be made smaller but there 's a big graphic of the product name they should lose.On the whole though , I think it 's a great product at an amazing price . I highly recommend it .
 I recently bought a new PC and then also bought Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 . I 'm a knowledgable PC shopper and asked everyone if this software came bundled on a PC and the answer was no everywhere I turned . Those `` in the know '' told me the only Roxio bundled software was older versions , not EMC7 . So , I do n't know what our previous reviewer is talking about?This product is amazing ! Before I purchased EMC7 I did a thorough search for the best digital media software for my budget -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- and Roxio was the clear winner . Here are just a few examples I discovered : > > Basic Burning
 I decided to upgrade my ageing version of Easy CD Creator 5 last week , and picked up Easy Media Creator 7 on Saturday . My main interests are managing and archiving all the photos on my system and getting more into digital video and DVD - which I 've found hard to understand in the past.I really like the application launcher that starts up when you first run Easy Media Creator , it immediately gave me a bunch of great options across Photo , Video , Music , Data and DVD . Having the type of tasks I 'd want to complete right there rather than just a list of applications is very cool.The first thing I tried was video editing . . I have a Sony Digicam but I 've just been collecting DV tapes and not attempting to edit them . I selected ` Capture Video ' from the task list and Capture popped up showing my Sony DV camera in a list of possible things I could capture . I then used SmartScan - this is cool , rather than copy everything onto my hard drive it tells me what I 've captured on my DV tape and let 's me select what to capture . I did that and then left it for a few minutes to capture only the scenes I wanted . Kind of freaky hearing the DV camera fast forward , stop , play for a while , fast forward ... nice automation!When I came back tried out VideoWave , the video editing application in the suite . I 've only ever tried using the editor that came with my camera , but it was so bad I gave up right away . I had been meaning to buy a full-on editor for a while , but I 'm glad I waited . VideoWave is much more than I expected , it 's a complete video editor with hundreds of effects and transitions . I spent ages just playing with all the effects before I got into serious editing . I did have to check with the manual a few times to understand Timeline , but I 'm blown away . I would have spent the hundred bucks just to get this never mind this plus photo , data , music etc.Next I checked out DVD Builder . I do n't know what Roxio are smoking but I like it . This is a fully fledged DVD authoring application with again dozens of themes to create your DVDs . It also had something called DVD on CD which I did n't understand , but the control this thing gived you to create amazing menu designs and buttons of any size . I dragged a couple of my movies onto the menu , changed the theme , typed some text and hit burn . It took about 30 minutes to burn a DVD , but it played back no problem in my Panasonic DVD player and it looked perfect!That 's as far as I 've got with Easy Media Creator to date , but I find very little to criticise and plenty to recommend . I do n't think this suite is missing anything ! My only suggestion to Roxio is to maybe put a more meaty getting started guide in there as this is a huge suite and I was n't sure where to start . Overall though it 's so easy to use I do n't really need a manual all the time . I 'll post another review once I 've had more time to get into more of the other applications in here .
 I am a thorough and thrifty shopper . I read all the professional online and magazine product reviews and then make my decision . Media Creator 7 was the clear choice by all editors . I purchased it and can tell you that after using it the last 2 1/2 months I made the right choice . If you want to capture , edit and create videos or slide shows of your digital pictures or movies and then burn them to CD or DVD , this is the product to use .
 Installed fine on my XP system , although it was a slow process . Nice interface and the tutorials and help files made it easy to learn . Use Creator classic , Photosuite Videowave and DVDbuilder all the time and everything has worked flawlessly . Have n't used all the other features yet , but its nice to know they 're there when needed . What a deal - all these features for the low cost .
 I just used this product to make a video yesterday . While it took me the better part of the day to develop , the software is great . Once you get in and start using it , it 's super user friendly . Great help manuals , etc. . I highly recommend using this . I 've tried other products for cd creation & movies but this is by far the best one so far . Easy for people just starting out and also great for the more experienced user .
 After doing my homework , I chose this product because it offers many video and slideshow , capture , creation and editing capabilities not found in some of the competing products . Some of these unique capabilities include -- The Storyboard which allows me to mix photos and videos with transitions and audio ; Applying Pan and Zoom Effects to videos and photos ; and SmartVideo Capture where I can preview video scenes on my PC and only import selected scenes directly from my video camera without having to copy everything to HD first . Creator 7 has not let me down , it works great under XP , I 'm glad I bought it . If you own a digital camera or digital video camera , this is a must have product .
 Creator 7 has so many great features and capabilities that I suggest you do as I did and read the many pro reviews that thoroughly put the program through its paces . For me , my favorite and most frequently used component is storyboard , which enabled me to combine digital photos , video clips , and songs into a slideshow . It has creative features that include the ability to add transitions , titles , and a narration track . Then using the DVDbuilder component , I can create VCDs or DVDs to master my slideshow creation to disc . Overall , this is a great product for anyone dabbling or serious about working with digital media .
 Easy Media Creator 7 integrates several full-featured applications together to create a software suite with a consistent user experience . In no time , I was using it and creating projects with it . I use Creator Classic all the time to burn data and music to CD and DVD and appreciate the automated backup feature . Even though I use those features all the time , I really bought Media Creator 7 for all the great digital media creation tools.Photosuite is a wonderful photo-editing product . Since I am a casual point and shoot digital photographer , I use the autofix option all the time to clean up my pictures , plus of course the red eye removal tool and the clone tool -LRB- to remove the date/time stamp I forgot to turn off in some of my pictures -RRB- . I use VideoWave to transfer/capture my video to my PC , and then edit it down to remove unwanted video clips . I also use it to add text using different fonts , styles and effects , plus add transitions between clips , and background sound tracks . When complete , I then send the output to DVDBuilder for authoring to DVD.I could go on and on how I use it , but the bottom line , this product is outstanding . It is loaded with excellent features and is a must have product for transforming your digital content to marvelous DVD movies or slide shows .
 I chose Easy Creator 7 because it offers many capture , creation and editing capabilities not found in some of the competing products . This includes Storyboard , which enables you to mix photos and videos with audio and transitions to create awesome multi-media slide shows . Two other unique features are the ability to apply Pan and Zoom effects to videos and photos , and SmartVideo Capture where you can preview video scenes from your video camera directly on your PC and only import selected scenes -LRB- rather than downloading everything to your hard drive first -RRB- . Easy Creator 7 works great on XP and the Help Center & Tutorials are very useful in helping to understand concepts , by watching the tutorial video guides . If you own a digital video camera or digital camera , this is a `` 1 - Must Have '' product on your `` Wish List ''
 The `` Home Page '' interface is very familiar and easy to use . It offers you 2 ways of doing things , as either Tasks , or as Applications and Tools . As you would expect , Tasks lists by the Task you are trying to accomplish , such as Edit and Fix Photos . Since this product is up to version 7 and integrates many other popular applications into this suite , the Applications and Tools list all the components by their name -LRB- Creator Classic , PhotoSuite , VideoWave , etc. -RRB- that is familiar to the long time users . If you 're not sure how to use a component , try the great interactive Help Center , which includes video tutorials and searchable PDF user guides to find exactly what you 're looking for.This product comes with lots of functionality in one integrated package . These broad features include everything you need , including
 It is a well-integrated suite of products . It was easy to learn and when I did have difficulty , I found some very helpful video tutorials in the Help Center and on Roxio 's Support web site that showed me how to do things - like adding audio to my slideshow . Thanks to most everyone here for his or her fine comments and reviews , otherwise I would not have discovered and purchased such an excellent product . It was money well spent buying Easy Media Creator 7 .
 With all the complaints about Roxio 's Version 6 of this program , I was a bit shaky about whether to buy this . I had excellent results with versions 4 & 5 , and felt like I wanted some DVD capability . Well , I would recommend you not listen to the reviewers foaming at the mouth about how their computers have melted into puddles of lead because of this program . It installed fine , Version 7 works fine , I have XP Home Ediion and have never had any problems making CDs or DVDs . It 's a very complete program , streamlined , and easy to use . Negative reviews of this product make no sense to me as I have had nothing but positive results with it . You should buy it without worry .
 I 've been using this for the last 5 months and have had nothing but a great experience with it . It installed right the first time and has worked wonderful ever since on my 3 year old PC with XP Home . I am amazed at all the home movies and pictures I 've turned into DVDs . Sure beats the heck out of videotapes and photo albums . I can now scan through the movies and pictures on DVD in the comfort of my living room up on the big screen . This is awesome .
 Roxio has released a great product in version 7 . It installs in XP without any problems . I have had no problem using discs that were formatted in Direct CD version 3.x and later with the Drag To Disc feature in version 7 , although I would never use packet writing to back up valuable data . My MP3s sort in the correct order , the same order that they are sorted in on the computer . Every feature of this software and the tutorials and help files are outstanding . I will be getting a lot of use out of this software .
 I agree with most of the other reviewers here , Easy Media Creator 7 is a great product . It installed fine - albeit slowly - and has performed without a problem since day one . Over the first couple of months of use , I had a couple of questions that I emailed to Roxio 's customer support and they were quick to get back to me with answers . Overall it was easy to learn ; even my wife and kids use it regularly . We use all aspects of the product and give it a big `` thumbs up '' rating and recommend it to everyone . We even bought another copy of it and gave it away as a present to my brother and his family out on the west coast . Now we can easily create and share family pictures , movies and projects with one another . It 's actually turned into a little sibling rivalry as to who can outdo the other .
 Since getting a digital camera and Easy Media Creator 7 , I ca n't remember the last time I had pictures printed . Forget the double or triple prints and sending them out with hand written captions on the back . With Creator 7 , I can now download and manage all my digital pictures , retouch them and remove all the red eyes , and then create photo slide shows with titles , transitions , audio tracks and even narration . Using the DVDBuilder I can produce professional-looking VCDs , SVCDs , or DVDs . So now I send awesome CDs or DVDs to all my family members across the country , and they just drop the disc into their DVD player and view all the pictures on their TV . It 's easy to use , it saves me money , and my parents/siblings gets to see pictures of their grandkids/nieces/nephews more often .
 Like I 've been telling my friends for months , this is the best product for the price for working with digital media . It does it all , from burning CDs and backups , to editing pictures and creating videos , to mastering DVDs . It has a great interface and was very easy to learn how to use . It 's a powerful program that you do n't have to be a geek to appreciate .
 I picked this up after reading the really positive PC Magazine review and am so happy with it . I 've taken a bunch of my photos from our recent vacation and turned them into a cool movie . My kids are loving watching `` their movie '' on the TV , and it 's bumped the Wiggles out of the DVD player -LRB- thank god ! -RRB- . I 'm using it on XP and it 's working fine . I picked up my copy here at Amazon , but have seen tons at Comp U.S.A. store near our house too.Best money spent on software in a long time !
 I chose this product because it offers many video and slideshow capture , creation and editing capabilities not found in competing products . In particular , some of these features include
 this user-friendly software was just what this digitally-impaired person needed . It 's easy to install and even easier to use . Burning CDs is a breeze and the price is quite reasonable for all that you get
 This software is all you will need to do any kind of media editing . It is a very easy and very well put to get software . If you are new to media editing or if you are an expert this is the software to use .
 1 . Great value - low cost for what you get2 . Easy to learn how to use3 . Excellent set of features4 . Great documentation and tutorials5 . Responsive email customer support6 . Runs great on Windows XP , and XP with SP27 . Tried and proven product -LRB- v. 7 of award winning product -RRB- 8 . Comes with loads of free templates9 . Awesome editing , creating and mastering tools10 . The output speaks for itself - outstanding!Having used Easy Media Creator 7 the last 5 months , I feel confident in my recommendation .
 I got Easy Media Creator 7 as a Father 's Day gift and I love it ! It has so many features plus it is easy to use . Prior to Easy Media Creator 7 I was making slide shows of my digital pictures with PowerPoint and they burning them to CD with the free PowerPoint Viewer . What a pain ! This slide show tool makes life so much easier and the results are amazing . One of the coolest features of this program is the smartscan feature for reviewing and selecting video footage on my digital video camera . Smartscan saves me hours by quickly scanning my digital video tape and then displaying thumbnails of all the scenes on the camera without actually copying it to the HD . I then select only the scenes I want to import into the program and begin makin movies . This program is way cool , you got ta try it .
 My friend just raved about Creator 7 and finally convinced me to buy it a month ago . I can now see why he is so enthusiastic about it . The suite of programs that make up Creator 7 are nicely integrated with a common GUI that categorizes the applications into task-oriented selections -LRB- Music , Data , Photo , Video and DVD -RRB- making it easy to learn and use . All of the applications functioned as expected and when I needed help I went to the Help Center and found the answers in the appropriate user guide or video tutorial . Music and Data CD creation tasks worked flawlessly . The Photo and Video editing and creation tasks are the most fun to use , plus the final products make me look like a creative genius . With DVD builder I can author my own DVDs complete with nice chapter/menu navigation . It 's a `` killer application '' and I 'm glad my friend convinced me to buy it .
 Despite minor bugs -LRB- that have already been corrected -RRB- , this application has it all , it 's very intiutive and the best of all
 I use Drag-to-Disc all the time for quickly burning files to disc . The backup feature in Creator Classic brought discipline to my backups letting me schedule regular backups to protect my files . Its already saved my butt after one of my files got corrupted and I luckily had a backup -LRB- whew -RRB- ! Storyboard provides the most fun , where I can combine my digital photos , video clips , and music to create a special slide show . I can also add titles , special effects , transitions and even a narration track to personalize the slide show even more . I can also create DVDs , VCDs or SVCDs using Creator 7 . Its a great product at a great price .
 I honestly ca n't believe the price of this product . It 's literally packed with powerful programs that cover everything digital . From powerful photo and video editing applications to stella CD/DVD burning and authroing , this is a first class application . I had Ulead for photo and another app for video and Creator 5 . No need for these other applications now . Most impressive is the fact that it is SO easy to use . This is not an upgrade , this is a whole new world .
 I likes this program much . It even work good on my 4 year old PC . It easy to learn . It has many good features for me use . I likes the dvd creator the best . I make nice pictures of my family into slide shows and put on vcd and dvd to send to my mother and brother in Taiwan .
 I ca n't say enough about this powerful , easy to use program . I use it all the time for doing backups , burning my music CDs and creating VCDs and DVDs . The photo editing and slideshow creation tools are perfect for a digital photography buff like myself . Yesterday I went to the Salinas Airshow and took 100s of pictures of the Blue Angels , Canadian Snowbirds and Red Baron Squadron 's flying show , as well as all the other aircraft on display . In no time I turned my photos into a great little slideshow . It does n't get much easier .
 Even though I read a lot of the reviews here on Amazon , my decision to purchase this product was based upon a review in the July 2004 issue of Maximum PC , a highly-regarded magazine . This review gave Creator 7 a 9 out of 10 rating , and a `` kick ass '' award by the editors . It says Easy CD Creator 7 is a `` Huge , comprehensive suite of excellent products behind an effortless interface '' and `` Easy CD Creator 's new front-end interface dispenses with the eye candy and replaces it with a beautifully simple and elegant text-based interface '' . I trust Maximum PC and its professional reviews.I just bought a new PC and was looking for a CD burning software package .
 I make lots of photo and video slideshows on DVD , and I have tried many different DVD software products , but I heard good things about Creator 7 , so I decided to try it . I installed it with no problems , though it took a long time . My photos and videos are scattered all over my hard disk , and the Media Manager feature found them all and made it really easy to organize them into collections . I then selected some photos and videos , and there was a button that sent them right into a slideshow editor -LRB- they call it Storyboard -RRB- . I then added some really cool transition effects and some music into the slideshow , which was very easy to do by just draggng them in . There is a preview window in the Storyboard , and my production looked great , but the music ended abruptly . But then , I noticed a button that automatically fit the slidshow to the duration of the music , or I could even set a fade out for the music at the end . After a few more minutes of experimenting , I found a way to add more music tracks and some more video effects . I then clicked another button , and my slideshow got sent to the DVD authoring app , which is called DVD Builder . I selected one of the built in menu templates -LRB- but I also found a way to use my own video as a menu background -RRB- , and then I clicked the button for burning . While the disc was burning , I noticed a button to launch the label software , which I did - and I found the same artwork templates in the label creator that were in my DVD menu templates . So , after my DVD was finished burning , I labelled it , and when I popped it in my DVD player , it had the same menu theme as the label - a nice touch . It is really cool the way they designed it so everything interacts , and the way my multimedia files get passed between the different modules . It 's easy to use , but it seems to have lots of depth - the more I dig in , the more features I find . But , most important , the video slideshow that I made looks and sounds really slick on my TV . I like this software a lot ...
 I 'm sorry to hear some users are having trouble with Easy Media Creator 7 , but I 'm greatly impressed by this package . Rather than a simple bundle of mediocre standalone programs , I find most of the components here to be very complete and full-featured . We 're expecting our first baby in a month so I 've been making videos and photos of my wife , showers , etc. to send to out-of-town relatives . I 've been able to make great videos with little effort , and the ability to output to almost any video format with any parameters -LRB- bit rate , screen resolution , etc. -RRB- makes it much easier to make an appropriate file for streaming on the web . The `` moving pictures '' feature is great for zooming in on certain parts of the video or a photograph . There are tons of transitions and other effects , and editing/splitting/adding audio and video works well . Note , I have n't burned any full DVD 's , so I do n't know whether sync will be an issue as has been reported elsewhere.I 'm a fan of Paint Shop Pro -LRB- using version 8 and Paint Shop Photo Album 4 -RRB- , but I find the PhotoSuite component of EMC 7 to be a great substitute for all but the most demanding/complex of editing tasks . For casual tasks like cropping , red-eye removal , changing resolution , cataloging photos , and the like , I find this to be a much faster replacement for PSP8 . Photosuite does a much better job making panorama photos than any of the other eight or ten packages I 've tried.Drag and drop works flawlessly for me -LRB- I turned off XP 's built-in CD mastering software , perhaps that 's the source of conflict for some people -RRB- , and has the added benefit of supporting CD-RW , which I believe some other packet writing software does n't . Regarding customer support , I agree that getting live support may be difficult -LRB- as it is with virtually all software these days -RRB- , but there is a very active customer forum where I was typically able to quickly find answers to questions I had , and in one case a Roxio employee answered my query within a few hours.I 'm very pleased with this package , and fully recommend it .
 I ca n't say enough about this fantastic suite of products . Like their package says , `` One product - infinite possibilities '' , this product allows you to do it all when it comes to digital media . First of all , it installed flawlessly and I was able to pick up how to use it in no time thanks to the great interface . With all the tools at hand , I was easily able to manage and organize my media files of photos and videos on to my PC . I then was able to edit and touch up some of my digital photos . It even has a great photo stitch capability to create seamless panorama pictures , which I did a great shot of the desert at sunset . I especially enjoyed using the timeline/storyboard editing where I combined still images , with video and added music . It provided great functionality and was fun to use , what more can you ask ? Next was time to burn my finished product on to DVD , which was straightforward . And finally , I used the software to create and print out labels directly onto the media using my Epson printer . From end-to-end this is a stellar product . I recommend it to everyone , why I 'm even buying an extra copy to give away as a Grad present to my nephew .
 I rarely write reviews , but my experience with this product requires that I take the time to tell you about it . It delivers all the features and performance I expected at a modest price . It handles all forms of digital media -- music , photos , and video . The interface is easy to use offering two ways to do things -- as Tasks or Applications . I 'm able to quickly convert my digital camera photos and digital video into slide shows and edited videos complete with fun transitions . Then create CDs and DVDs . -LRB- System
 I got a digital camera for Christmas and earlier this year finally ventured into media creation software when I purchased Easy Media Creator 7 . I was very impressed with the home-page-like user interface and how easy it was to learn . I found the video tutorials most helpful and liked how the user guides are electronic , allowing me to do searches for what I was looking for - sure beats scouring through printed manuals trying to find what I needed . It seems like Roxio tries to discourage live calls with their customer support by charging for each call . I called them once fully expecting to pay to get immediate help , and was pleasantly surprised when the nice customer support person said the call was free . Whoa , when was the last time you got something free ? What a class act on their part , over delivering on my expectations.Besides being easy to use and coming with great support , this product is very powerful . It is the perfect companion software for my digital camera . I use it to capture the images directly off of my camera , to edit and fix my photos and then to even backup all my photos and other files onto CD . Creating slideshows with all my photos is easy to do using all the great templates and transitions available . Adding background music or narration livened up the slideshows . I share my slideshows with family members and master them to either DVD or CD.This is a great product that I strongly recommend to everyone .
 My friend brags about his Mac and all the cool things he can do with iLife . For the 3 % of the world that uses the Mac , iLife may be the product of choice , but for the majority of us PC users who choose to save our money and be compatible with most everyone , Creator 7 is the best choice . It comes with an unbelievable set of capabilities at a reasonable price , especially now with all these special offers -LRB- I paid about $ 79 DOH ! -RRB- . I 'm not going to get into all the product details , you can read the other reviews or check out CNET , PC Magazine , Maximum PC , etc. . What I can tell you is that it allows me to do everything I need for working with my digital photos , video , music , and data -- from capturing data and disc copying , to editing photos , creating slideshows and DVD movie-making , it does it all . And more importantly , I can do everything my Mac friend can do and more ! It 's a must have 5-star product .
 We bought this suite for the Videowave 7 product -LRB- since it came bundled with it and was almost the same price by itself -RRB- . We figured we could use a newer CD burning software anyway so we decided to kill two birds with one stone . It 's true that when it comes to making/editing movies that Adobe Premier is better but for the average person who does n't have a spare $ 1,000 to spend or a spare 80 hours to learn it , Videowave 7 is better . I 've used Videowave Movie Creator and Videwave 5 Power edition in the past and had complaints but they 've fixed the problems in Videowave 7 . Basically , we use it for making slideshows with music but you can add/edit motion video as well . It 's nice being able to have a DVD menu like the real commercial DVD movies and you can add chapters and submenus as well . As mentioned by another reviewer , it 's editing capabilities of music and graphics are only good and not great but since I use different products to do those functions anyway , it does n't matter to me . We 've had no problems with burning CD 's or DVD 's nor have had any computer instability from installing it . It 's reliable and easy to use at a decent price so I say it 's worth buying . I hope this helps .
 I purchased Easy Media Creator 7 in late May and have been pleased with what I can do using all the features it has to offer . I enjoy traveling and taking lots of pictures with my digital camera , especially so I can create panorama photos . This used to take me forever to try to match and crop the overlapping photos using Adobe PhotoShop Elements . Now using the photo stitch capability found in the PhotoSuite application inside EMC7 , I can effortlessly create seamless panorama pictures . That alone is worth the price of this program , but there 's much more to report . I can also create great slide shows of all my pictures and then burn them to DVD or VCD . Once you try it , you 'll be hooked like me .
 Easy Media Creator 7 works great with all forms of digital media , including data , music , photos , and video . The interface makes it easy to use and explore . The Help Center and tutorials provide good documentation , and watching the tutorial video guides really help you understand how things work . I was amazed at how quickly I was able to capture my digital camera photos , and digital video footage , and then edit and create finished slideshows and videos . The best part was how easy it was to then create some great looking DVDs . It runs just fine on my 2 GHz PC running XP . If you do n't already own it , go buy it , or at least add it to your wish list , you 'll be glad you did .
 When I went shopping for a digital media program my criteria was pretty straightforward . Here are the reasons I chose Easy Media Creator 7 : It had to cost under $ 80 = CHECK . I did not want to have to read a huge sticking manual to try to figure out how to use it , so it had to be very easy to learn and use = CHECK . It had to be able to do everything I needed - burn CDs and DVDs , edit my digital photos , video editing and DVD authoring - all in one package = CHECK . It had to be well regarded by the editors who know this stuff and put products through rigorous testing , because I did n't want to pay to be a beta tester = CHECK.Easy Media Creator 7 met and exceeded my criteria and after 4 months of use has not let me down . I have no hesitation recommending it to everyone .
 Easy Media Creator 7 is a must have product for any digital media enthusiast . The collection of integrated applications that make up EMC7 is very impressive , and the overall learning curve is low , thanks to the consistent user interface across applications . Customer support was very responsive , sending me email answers within 18-36 hours . The StoryBoard application is a good video editor with a timeline that gives you flexible audio editing functionality.I have been using it for the last 3 months , and am confident recommending it .
 Roxio delivered the goods and more ... With all the rebates you can get it for under $ 55 , how can you go wrong and get so much - PhotoSuite 7 , VideoWave 7 , Napster 2 , and Easy CD/DVD Creator . This has everything you need . It was easy to combine my digital photos , with video clips and add music to create impressive slide shows . BTW , I have no problems running on XP and found the Roxio web to be very informative .
 Please let me know how can I buy the ROXIO EASY MEDIA CREATOR 7 DIGITAL MEDIA SUITE , living in Brasil.I 've tried so in US and in UK and was n't able to find a reseller who could ship the product to Brasil.I 've known the product and I 'm eager to buy -LRB- and use - home use -RRB- a legal copy of it.Thanks in advance for the attention
 I absolutely LOVE this software !! I have tried several other `` popular '' video editing/creation software and this one is my favorite . It does a lot more than most similar packages and you do n't have to have a Master 's degree to figure out how to work it . Yes it does have some quirks , but what software does n't ? The key to keep the program working is to constantly defrag your hard drive . I have found the Discussion Group on Roxio 's website to be invaluable . It 's a great way to share tricks and tips about the program . I have also learned some great work arounds ... like how to get a 3 hour movie I created to fit on one DVD with very compression . I have already used the software to make backups of my camcorder tapes to DVD . I have also made two really awesome DVDs of weddings where I used both video footage and still pictures to mesh together into a great video . I ca n't wait to do more !! I did n't rate it at 5 stars because Roxio is a bit slow on coming out with an update to work with Windows Service Pack 2 ... other than that it 's works great !!
 Somehow it tried to post it twice ? See review above .
 Roxio easy media creator is an excellent software creator for music , photos , videos etc. . It 's easy to use and operate ; it serves a variety of functions . It 's compatible on windows XP , vista , windows 7 and macintosh -LRB- apple -RRB- . This product simplifies all your creativity projects . Making a plan into reality . I 'm happy I purchased the Easy Media Creator 7th edition , as it is loaded with lots of bonus features .
 I have had this before in fact i have easy creator 4 thru 10 i find that ver . 7 is the easiest to use and works well all the way up to and including the dreaded windows vista
 I wanted to buy the best digital media software in the $ 50 - $ 80 price range , so I asked around and read all the online reviews , and everything pointed me to purchase Easy Media Creator 7 . I have been using it the last 4 months and I have n't look back . This package is chalk full of well thought out features , including everything you need for
 I 've been raving about EMC7 for months to all my friends . I never write product reviews , but my wife finally convinced me to share my experience with everyone , so here goes ... After doing my research and reading product reviews on PC Magazine , PC World , CNet , and ZDNet I decided to buy EMC7 , and I have n't looked back since . From installation to burning my first CD it 's been a snap . The interface made it easy to learn how to use and the how-to video tutorials helped along the way . I use Creator Classic all the time for ripping CDs and backing up my files . I use the backup project task to regularly protect and save all my work . But the real reason I bought this program is for all the other great media tools for editing photos and videos and creating my own DVDs . I am so impressed with how quickly and easily I can touch up my digital photos and edit my videos like a pro using the timeline view to fine-tune my video production . It really makes me feel creative to produce some professional looking DVDs with menus , chapters and nice backgrounds.I could go on and on about EMC7 and all the great features , but best of all , like someone else already said , you do n't have to be a computer geek to know how to use it . You really need to experience it yourself , it 's an incredible product .
 Easy Creator 7 was easy to learn how to use . The Home view provides easy access to see and launch any of the applications , my current projects , or common tools . I comes with good help files , video tutorials or PDF user guides for each application . It has many great features that other reviewers have already commented on . My favorite is the Photostitch feature inside Photosuite . Creating panoramic pictures was quick and automatic , combining multiple photos with common overlapping areas into one panoramic image . This is a great suite of products , you ca n't go wrong .
 I bought Easy Media Creator 7 mainly to burn photos onto DVD with menus and background music . I 'll review most of the products : Disc Copier
 Was very hesitant after reading the reviews but needed all that this program had to offer so I closed my eyes , prayed , and tried it out . Love this program !!! When I brought home this program , I uninstalled my trial version and I uninstalled a similar product I bought and hated so that there were no conflicts . I then ran the defragmenter in my system tools . After rebooting , I installed the software and I have been truly enjoying all the features ever since . I have burned DVDs from the DVD builder , with special text additions and transitions . I have burned audio CDs and I have transferred all my digital pictures to data cds . I have even burned a DVD transfer from my digital camcorder using the video capture and editing feature . The drag and drop feature tangled me up for a little while and I have n't concerned myself with finding out why yet . -LRB- I am sure my fault but it did n't do it again -RRB- I highly recommend this if your computer has a large enough hard drive to accomodate the full version of the program and the ability to retain all the information you will be using to burn with . Note
 If you liked the Plattinum version , this Suite rocks . It does n't get any easier . I especially like the way the Label Maker comes up without asking as soon as you start to burn a CD . Furthermore , the edit feasture offers so much more in customizing your cover . I ca n't wait to do a DVD
 I can not say enough about this software . It installed fine on my 2.0 GHz Dell with 512MB memory running XP Home edition . I hardly had to review any documentation to use it , as the interface and home page navigation made it easy to learn to use . It is laden with all kinds of helpful features -LRB- I suggest you read all the professional reviews to get the complete low down -RRB- . The whole family uses this software
 This software can be used for many things from plans , reports , finance , web , you name it . Very incredible tool to have if you are in the business world .
 Have used microsoft office over the years and know have a mac . This software is useful on the PC side of Parallels which allows one to use multiple operating systems .
 The newest version TalkItTypeIt - TalkItTypeIt 2 -LRB- Standard , Deluxe and Ultra versions -RRB- works great and saves a lot of money vs. the Dragon competitor . The new Microsoft 6.1 voice recognition engine in TalkItTypeIt 2 has a very high level of accuracy - many feel that it is superior to Dragon 's , and the Ultra version also includes voice navigation that works amazingly well , allowing complete hands free operation of the PC . Unlike the directional navigation in Dragon -LRB- move up , move left , etc. -RRB- , TalkItTypeIt 2 Ultra provide direct access to any point on the screen just by saying the word you are trying to navigate to . Pop up hint tags get associated with the word , and saying the number associated with the hint tag is just like cliking the mouse button . This `` screen recognition '' technology is truly amazing.For anyone interested in trying voice recognition software without breaking the budget , this product deserves your attention with prices starting at only $ 29.95 - with a voice microphone headest . You wo n't be dissapointed .
 I 'm still learning how to use it . But you have to work with it sometimes it hears things different . it learns your voice you have to teach it some stuff . it is frustrating sometime but I believe if you work with it you can get it to work for you . I would not recommend this for anybody that is not willing to work with this because you will have To backspace even as I was saying backspace it was back spacing but I 've backspace a lot and arrows to correct the mishap . It does have a lot of words that it knows but some you have to add maybe because people voices are so different . It is not to bad for me I will give you a demonstration . now how I are you doing today will hope you be had a good day today announced at work for my bow to the sea UC I see the UC now you see night fiesta and now you see . I believe it can be done if you try you can get it to work for you sometime I have to put my hand to my mouth and speak towards the mouthpiece the M. I. C. . Because sometimes it just do n't hear you . clear speaking elves Phelps L. O. L. helps . I like it . I 'm not using it for professional use . I am using it to help my spelling . it may work for someone else and it may not for someone else . I may not speak as clear as somebody else and someone else may not speak as clear as me . I could give it a good report I could give it a bad report . Either way you 'll have to make up your own mind . I like it but it does n't mean you 'll like it . this is cheaper than the dragon naturally speaking at this time . my dragon never worked for me . That does n't mean it does n't work it just means it did n't work for me and this one seems to be doing pretty good for me for my needs I could never write anything like this without help now I can . my spelling is very poor , my reading is pretty good and my memory is not the best hopefully this can help me remember How the selling is . it can help me remember because I will be writing more . I have to read this to make sure it 's right . anybody with the spelling problem I would give it a try because and might help you to . It is better to do something to help yourself then nothing and wished you did . As long as you know , the words when you see it then this might help . This is my first time writing a review I hope nobody laughs @ me I give it a four star because it helping me . In
 The program worked fairly well but it takes TIME for it to recognize your voice and type the right words . It is not something that you just install on your pc and go . For the price , it is worth the time and effort . Just do n't expect perfection .
 I 've bough the one on this page -LRB- $ 50 from Phones and Stuff -RRB- . It is a full version , not an Academic Educational version.So the statement of the above reviewer is not clear ... about learning the basics before purchasing a new software . This software is new besides being full retail version.This software targets painters as opposed to graphics artists or digital photographers.I have owned Art Rage Pro , and Photoshop , Corel Draw ... ect . None of those give you the painting abilities Painter gives.Tutorials are all over the web , just Google Painter , both websites and videos ... eBay also sells books like Painter WOW for the fraction of the price .
 I 'm new to painting period ! I have managed to learn a thing or two from online tutorial websites ! I have posted some paintings in the customer image galleries ! I plan on purchasing Corel Painter X pretty soon . I just want to learn the basics before I purchase new software.Does anyone know where I can find some free tutorials on digital painting ?
 after testing maya 4 3d studio max and lightwave 7.0 I came to the conclusion that lightwave 7.0 was the best . It had the most to offer me and was fully cusomisable . lightwave has 2 programs modeler and layout . modeler is where you model -LRB- offcourse -RRB- and layout is where you render your scene . this is to keep the number of buttons to a minimum not like maya and 3d max where you have millions of wierd looking buttons on the side no lightwave uses just names . Also it is verry easy to use if youre animating with the scene editor . and the particle effects are far mor proffecional than those from maya .
 I used this software to create a handbook for the company where I am employed . I 'm always pressed for time , and Policies Now was simple and quick . I created an entire handbook in no time . I receive email updates on changing HR laws from Knowlegde Point , which is helpful.The software also allows you to create your own inclusions that apply specifically to your own business . The user can create the handbook as HTML , text , or a Word document , which is great.Overall , I was very satisfied .
 I wrote an entire company policy manual in less than 2 hours . It is about 100 policies and is very professional . This is a super product . I wish we knew about it at my former company .
 Used this in the past , and may again in the near future . One caveat , though . Spring for an attorney to review it before use , so it does n't come back and bite you .
 This is a great and inexpensive program to use in order to create a fairly good and comprehensive handbook for a small to medium size company.I used an older version years ago and the enhancements have been good . You can virtually create your handbook without any need for program training , etc. . It 's really fairly simple.My only suggestion is for Knowledgepoint to create a Canadian version of this program .
 This product is a great starter tool for small companies . It helps the company think through and establish the corporate culture .
 Our HR Department was given the daunting task of updating our employee handbook , following an acquisition of another company . We purchased Policies Now to assist us , and it was well worth the cost of the product ! Our guidebook was completely re-written from the start , published on our intranet and forwarded to all employees with the touch of a button . Updates will be equally as simple . I would highly recommend this product to anyone who needs to have help with developing a guidebook or company policies . The only small drawback is that when you have the document placed on an intranet , employees have to return back to the table of contents in order to move through the document , as opposed to having a `` Next '' button at the bottom of each policy . That , however , is a slight inconvenience compared to the ease of creating and updating an entire manual .
 Policies Now walks you through dozens of issues that need to be addressed in a employee manual . It gives you an explanation of the issue , factors that should be considered when deciding on a policy , gives you options on how to address the isue and lets you proof read and edit the policy . Its very easy to use .
 A business associate turned me onto this product for my agency . Having never used the program I was skeptical . I originally bought the other version of Paperport also called Paperport 10 but not `` Professional '' Upon investigation it became clear that I made the wrong choice in my attempts to get by on the `` cheap '' , so I decided to return the first copy and to go all out and get the professional version . I also decided I needed a new scanner to work with Windows XP . Mine was old and did n't have a document feeder . Let me tell you , sometimes change is good ! After getting used to doing things the paperless way I soon discovered that this program is totally fantastic . One note of advice . If you work with PDF files then you MUST have the `` Professional '' version . I ca n't even begin to detail all the new and better ways I have discovered to work . There is a utility called Scan Direct that is great , it comes with another utility called PDF Creater that I can not live without . I have since decided to get Omnipage and now I can scan in a file to Paperport and convert it to an editable Word document . The whole thing has changed the way I work . I subsequently purchased two more copies for the other workstations that do n't even have a scanner . I highly recommend it .
 I have been using Paperport since it first came out . I find that it works well for my purposes , which including maintaining a massive collection of scanned papers and articles . Also , it is a handy tool for easily connecting scans to printers , word processing software and email . What I do not like about it is a very clunky indexing feature , which takes too long to index a large number of files .
 Being a paperport user since version 3 I was really excited about this upgrade because it had so many features I 've been looking for . The scanner wizard is wonderful since it will remember your settings . The search engine and indexing has been upgraded to be much faster and the split desktop has been sorely needed and very welcome!It also includes another of their products PDF Create ! which makes working with MS Office and PDFs much easier!Two thumbs way up !
 I just upgraded from version 8 and had no problems with scanner compatibility . I have a brother MFC 4800 that is about 2 years old and the software works flawlessly with it . It seems like a number of people have issues with old scanners not working with the new software . I ca n't beleive people think new software should work with old and obsolete hardware . The stupidity of some `` computer professionals '' is tryly amazing ! The company even guarantees the software to work or offers a refund !
 My practice just upgraded to this version and our staff just loves it . The split desktop makes moving docs between folders a breeze . Why did n't they think of this sooner ? Its worth the price to upgrade for this feature alone .
 This stuff is a bit outdated , but I have no trouble using it with Windows XP . Suffice it to say that this software is actually quite good , especially now that it 's so cheap . There are a lot of listening activities , vocab , etc. . In fact , it 's oddly similar to the newer Transparent Language products ... hmm.Anyway , give this program a try - it 's a great buy and a lot of fun.Also , look for the Practice Makes Perfect vocabulary software - they sell it on eBay for < $ 10 and it 's just as good as Transparent 's $ 50 equivalent -LRB- or Rosetta Stone 's $ 500 version -RRB- .
 A clunker of a product on windows xp pro . One has to insert disc 1 to start the program . Then remove disc 1 to insert disc 2 , 3 or 4 , to get the proper lessons . If the program freezes up , then you have to shut it down . Can not insert disc 2 , or 3 , or 4 or it will say this version will not work in a windows NT environment ... So , in its glory old day , it probably worked fine in windows 95 , 98 , etc. ... But it does n't work as smoothly as it should in win xp.But it still serves its purpose ... for the price ... The spontanous conversation did not work well , but there are always glitches on voice regcognition softwares . It will do ... Not great ... but fun enough and beneficial enough that I would say , can complement your classes.Clutsy with xp pro , you might consider using it in older windows versions .
 The product arrived in a timely fashion and was as stated . I had trouble loading it at first because of my security software . I contacted the seller and he helped me understand what I needed to do to download . I find this product very informative and the interaction helps to understand the language . For those that purchase this item be aware the parent company has sold the company that manufactures this product so you will not get help from them . Over all I feel this purchase is satisfactory .
 I am a slow learner , The program allows me to work at my own speed in various ways . I love the audio CD 's for use in the vehicle .
 Apparently a lot of folks have had terrible problems installing running this software . Frankly , I think it 's a little unfair to give a 1-star review to something if you did n't even get to try it . Just return the stuff try something else.Anyway , I 'm running a standard Windows XP sp2 setup on two different computers - a Toshiba and an HP - and the software works fine on both of my machines . Tried putting it on a friend 's Compaq with Windows Me and it also works fine . Not sure why so many people are having trouble with this . I mean , granted , it is old , but still ... Anyway , onto the software
 Let me start off by saying that I am a native English speaker , and I am also an ESL teacher . I purchased this program so that I could use it to supplement my classes and give my students some extra practice . It has its up points and down points . Let me explain what I think of this program from a teacher 's point of view . THE GOOD
 This is a very professional tool to improve your languaje skills . I love to use the voice recognition feature and the accent assesment . It really helps you to speak clearly.Lessons are very well designed and it covers everything
 As the brain child of John Carmack , Quake was one of the first FPS games to really take 3d game play to the next level . Adding the `` Z-Axis , '' or up and down viewing , allowed far more realistic situations that were not limited by Doom and Wolfenstein 's floor and ceiling . Using the mouse to look up and down to aim brought the FPS genre to the point that consoles would never be able to catch up . A joystick will never move as fast as a mouse . For complete details on the series , visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quake
 I think the other reviewer who rated this item and gave it very few stars may have confused this with another french language program because this one does not come with an audio tape as you see above . Instead it 's 4 dvd-roms that are just terrific . Real practise conversations using your microphone , lots of grammar information , pronunciation drills and quizzes . This software is terrific . I am looking forward to their new version which is coming out soon . I hope it includes onscreen flashcards and more extensive grammar drills , quizzes and help . That would be my only suggestion . For additionaly french grammar help I would highly suggest ; `` Essential French Grammar '' by Seymour Resnick , `` French Verb Drills '' by R.de Roussy de Sales , and you will also find extremely helpful , `` Pronounce it Perfectly in French '' by Christopher Kendris , PH.D which was released by Barron 's . Good Luck everyone !
 It was easy to install but I could not run it until I called the support . I did not have the problems that I read others have had with talking to them . The girl I spoke with was very helpful , and walked me through editing the registry . The program is now running . I have not had too much time to use it , but what I have seen and used so far is great . This is a very easy to use program . They just need to get this error resolved so people do n't have to call or visit thier web site to get it fixed .
 Bonjour !!! I think that the price offered in this online store is fair . It includes pretty much everything you could ever need to get started . Within the first three months of using it I began to feel more comfortable , and I could hold small comversation with French people.Au revoir .
 This is a great product ! It NOT ONLY works with Win 95 and 98 , BUT ALSO with Windows 2000 NOW . Login www.elanguage.com to download the patch for Windows 2000 .
 It 's a pretty good program over all and pretty easy to use !
 I have had this cd-rom for approximately 4 months now and I am coming close to being very fluent en francais . It offers 3 complete courses , boasting vocabulary builders , lessons in grammar and verb conjugation , games to reinforce what you have learned and you can also have conversations with virtual characters so that you can practice speaking . I am engaged to a Frenchman and I just keep surprising him with how much I have learned . I go to France frequently , and this has made a huge difference in my linguistic skills . Future Francophiles -LRB- persons who love french language and culture -RRB- , Good luck .
 This program is excellent value for the money . It provides a huge amount of material which will bring you up to the equivalent of a first year college French course at least on a conversational level . Previously , it did not work with Windows 2000 , but there is now an easy to install patch . If you are thinking of travelling to France and have about 2 - 3 months to get through the course , this will provide you a basic level of French for getting around . I know , because that is what I did .
 This course was very helpfull in helping me to learn French . I have purchased many French learning software and this is the best one yet . I really like the conversation CD where you are able to conversate with people at a party and they answer according to what you say out of the given list of options . This course started out very basic and is helping me to work my way up . The dictionary is helpfull also .
 I agree with a previous review that software can never take the place of an interactive class or spending time in a French speaking country , but this product comes as close as possible . I was amazed at how quickly I was able to ramp up on my vocabulary and comprehension . This is a great package especially if you are new to the language.The only negatives
 okay okay - i do n't totally know french yet , i am just fronting - but really this program had helped me ALOT , i love it - the conversations for me are not slow , maybe it depends on your computer . i love how it rates your accent , had movies about the different regions , had awesome special interest internet courses that you can download ... it really is a great resource to start to learn french , for me well worth the money ... i practise on it all the time ... i am still going to take a course , even as good as this program is , i do n't think you can totally learn french using just this , or just anything else , to learn a language takes a whole lot ... funny thing though , i wanted to kill that dog also!yeah but in summation , i think this is the best language learning product around , go for it ...
 In general , this is n't that great a tool for learning French . I gave it a decent rating , however , based on its one redeeming feature , the speech-recognition feature . This feature is an excellent tool for practicing pronunciation of French.In the `` Vocabulary '' section , you have a list of words that you can click on to hear a native French speaker speak the word . You also have a needle-style gauge with buttons for record and playback . You hit the record button , pronounce the word , and the gauge shows how well you did , from `` tourist '' to `` native '' . This might not be an optimal tool for honing your accent , because it does n't give you any indication of what you 're doing wrong . It 's an excellent tool otherwise , because it allows you to practice endlessly and because it gives you decent feedback . I had already had explanations of what shape your mouth should be for pronouncing certain things and the difference between the ` ou ' sound in vous and the ` u ' sound in tu . If you can get that , and if you have a decent ear , you can accomplish a lot with this software.Anecdotal evidence
 My daughter -LRB- age 12 , and fixated on all things French -RRB- has been trying to learn French through a variety of media -- workbooks and audiotapes , Muzzy videos , textbooks , none very stimulating -- so I bought this CD for her to try.First , let me start with the software itself
 I have just started using the program but have found it very easy to use , the Learning Company did a great job with this program and offering very helpful tools .
 This is one of the few games we own that challenges my four-year-old without boring him . Some of the other software we 've purchased is too complicated for him to navigate on his own or the lessons are too basic . When he gets stuck in this game , a cartoon character pops up and gives a brief lesson . The lessons are short and catchy enough that they are actually interesting . Of course , my son often ignores the directions and moves through the game by trial and error . It helps to have an adult sit with him , so that he gets some educational value out of playing . On the other hand , sometimes we just let him do the trial and error thing , and he still has a great time . I think this is a wonderful game for a four-year-old to grow into . It helps , of course , that my son is a big Mickey Mouse fan.The software basically allows the child to go to different `` rooms '' and complete tasks -LRB- games -RRB- that teach basic skills . In one room , the game is to alphabetize books that are labeled with just one letter of the alphabet . In another game , the child assembles suits of armor . Each piece of the armor is labeled with a number , and the child has to put the numbered armor together in different ways . The games get progressively more difficult as the child masters each step . I 'm especially impressed with the fun way this game introduces addition and subtraction.I 'm now looking for a new game , and I 'm trying to find one that 's a cross between this software and Jumpstart 's World Languages -LRB- the other game my son always wants to play . -RRB-
 This is a really great game . In it , Minnie , Mickey , Goofy , Pluto and Donald have to navigate through a spooky old house while being watched by those `` 3 spooky ghosts '' from one of the old Disney movies . There are five or six areas to navigate , and it also includes a progress chart area like the Jumpstart series . This is a lot more fun , tho . If you have ever been to the Haunted Mansion at DisneyWorld it makes it even better . My daughter who is almost 5 has been doing very well with it and instead of being bored with the `` educational '' components , she is having fun with it and being excited about learning . Def buy it !
 My 5 yr old nephew just started playing computer games last week , after he visited me and I showed him some play-on-the-net stuff . At his home they have dial-up , so play-on-the-net is too slow and jerky . Thus , Uncle Mike -LRB- me -RRB- had to find something he 'd enjoy , something his Mum would approve of , and which would work on a Mac running 10.3.2 with Classic , and find it quick . I found ` Search For The Secret Keys ' , which runs under Classic , and it was a good choice.Mickey , Minnie , Donald , Goofy and Pluto go into a haunted house and the door shuts behind them , with six locks clicking locked . The five friends split up to wander the house in hope of finding the six necessary keys . The ` haunted ' side of things is typically Disney
 this game does n't have the greatest graphics . it is 2d . but it is a fun game . but online is where all the fun begins . there is a huge comunity with all sorts of kids , clans , and home made levels . i have to say that it is my favorite game.ps . Join CC -LRB- cracco clan -RRB-
 Generally , THIS IS the Game of ACTION much better than JJR beacause u can goof of as much as u want.YAHOO !!!!!
 This game rocks ! Got it about 5 years ago and still play it ! The best part is how you can add your own music , make tilesets and levels , and play on multiple diffulculties . The ability to download and play other people 's levels makes the game refreshing , and lose it 's boredom . The level editor is easy to use and you can even download tilesets and music to use from the web ! This means that your levels can be as good or better than the original !
 I cant belive they made a sequel to one of the best games ever made!Plus with spaz making it even more fun -LRB- and adds a rabbit with a personality closer to mine -RRB- I think its great !
 I have spent the last five years playing Jazz Jackrabbit 2 , mostly its outstanding multiplayer mode , and am definitely better for it . The community rocks -LRB- the official site is down , but the community site Jazz2Online is very active -RRB- and , after downloading a few patches , the multiplayer mode is a blast . A must buy for anyone age 5-20 , and even for parents . A supportive and highly family-friendly community is only the start .
 Having never played the original Jazz Jackrabbit , I ca n't compare the sequel to the first one . What I can say is that the 2nd one is a bit TOO easy , although the mulitude of levels and the variety of those levels kinda makes up for that . After playing it through one time , I 'll probably never play it again , but it certainly made for an entertaining afternoon.The multiplayer aspects , however , are what really makes the game .
 I downloaded the shareware version of this game to try it out and found it to be very addicting ! My kids -LRB- ages 5 , 8 and 10 -RRB- stand by like vultures waiting for their turn on the game ! So here I am buying the full version so we can enjoy all the levels in this game !
 I used to play the origional Jazz Jackrabbit when I was little , and I had so much fun ! But now it seems that we ca n't find the game . But I just recently downloaded this game , and I 'm having a blast . It 's so much fun to play , and Spaz is absolutely hillarious . People who have never played Jazz will love it .
 When I was little , I played the Jazz games , and I LOVED it . -LRB- I am still playing them . -RRB- The game is approprate for ages 5 + . -LRB- Very funny with some violence . -RRB- As an added feature , the game 's makers even added a feature which lets you play online with others.The two Jazz games are definately classics !
 We had this game in DOS on our old computer . We have been trying for over a year to replace it . It is hard to find . I placed an order in November and was promised 1-2 week delivery . Now can not track it and it is listed unavailable . This was a great game for the kids and their grandma -LRB- me -RRB- with bonus rounds and levels that even I could manage . Never mind the higher levels . Too challenging for an old lady . That is ok . I could stay on the lower levels and let the kids take the challenges . Humorous . Loved the graphics and the way the bunny talked back to you when you took too long . Highly recommend .
 This game is great if u have AOL instant messager or ICQ . It is a great way to interact with friends who are from different parts of the world . there are vitualy tons of different levels to play , it is one of the funnist games that i have ever played . I loved and u should to . I like totally recomend this game to anyone who likes to play on the computer , especcialy one who has ICQ or AOL instant messager !
 Jazz jackrabbit 2 is a fun 2-d platformer for the PC -LRB- as amzon said above -RRB- this is a game every one can injoy and even if you get bored with the in game levels you can make you own . Nobies have better luck getting there to work thought for 1 resone they dont know how to make alot of stuff wich meanes they wont go overbord ! This is still cool . Plus servers are back up so you can channeg anyone ! What is really fun is making a level just like the one in you faviret games -LRB- exp . Mario Sonic Megaman Metroid Zelds ect . -RRB- and playing with an easyer set up . Jazz also hass alot of wepones to choses from . but the TNT powerup and laser shiled never got finished -LRB- I.e. . The TNT Power up never got added and the laser shiled you could only get my typping JJShiled over and over in singel player -RRB- but still it is pertty fun .
 This game rocks!I do n't own it , so I do n't know the storyline , but I still think this rocks.I have never played the original , but that goes to show that you do n't need to play a series in order to have fun.The fun part is killing the enemies.There are no puzzles , just enemies and bosses.The enemies vary.For example , in level 1 , dungeon dilemna , there are just turtles.In the next level there are turtles and bats , not to mention the boss , the queen.There are 2 characters , Jazz and Spaz.Jazz can use helicopter ears -LRB- to slow down his fall , not to fly -RRB- and Spaz can double jump -LRB- although it 's too bad to be worth it -RRB- . As well as choosing one at the start , there is a power up -LRB- and cheat -RRB- that let 's you change in mid-level . Nice choice of weapons as well.There are some monsters , altough they 're not scary.In the hare-scare level there are ghosts with knives.The next level , a cold day in heck , is a snowy landscape where the enemies are the hounds of the baskervilles , skeletons , and toucans.The boss is the devil.The next 3 levels are the last.They are set in Hell.The enemies are the same with the addition of more devils.The game boss is a dragon .
 This is a great game . It is just like the older versions . It does n't say that it runs on Windows XP , but it runs on my Windows XP operating system quite nicely . I have so much fun playing this game . Well worth the money .
 IT IS SO COOL , once you try it you 're hooked !
 this game does n't have the greatest graphics . it is 2d . but it is a fun game . but online is where all the fun begins . there is a huge comunity with all sorts of kids , clans , and home made levels . i have to say that it is my favorite game.ps . Join CC -LRB- cracco clan -RRB-
 Spring Cleaning is a great way to help get your Macintosh organized and cleaned up . Follow the easy guide and choose a cleaning utility like MacUninstaller to find folders , Apps , fonts etc. associated with a particular application , you can then choose to move them to a backup archive using StuffIt -LRB- I have all my Read Me files in one spot now -RRB- , or a storage folder , or just plain move them to the trash . If you are n't sure , move them to a storage folder first , if everything 's running smoothly after a couple weeks , then empty your storage folder . The iClean utility is awesome for getting rid of your Internet surfing tracks to get rid of cache , cookies and other junk -LRB- I use mine weekly -RRB- .
 I have been using this for a while now and I really like it . I do n't go much beyond the standard mode because everything I use is right there , plus I like that everything I do there can be undone . I have gotten rid of lots of junk I did n't even know I had and now my Mac runs better . It does n't seem to crash as often and finds go quicker . I really love the mail cleaner tool . I had no idea that Eudora kept a copy of all of my email attachments . Some of the cartoons/pix my friends send me are kind of racy and even though I forward them on to others I do n't want to keep them on my Mac - too embarassing . I was shocked that even though I thought I deleted them , Eudora still kept a copy of them hidden from my view .
 I dare all Nancy Drew fans to take up this fun and very much doable duo . IMHO , Ghost Dogs has a more interesting story line than Secret of the Scarlet Hand , but both games are exciting , if mildly frustrating at times . Hint
 I am a huge Nancy Drew fan ! I have solved and own all the games and never get tired of them . Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake and Secret of the Scarlet Hand are some of the longest and hardest games -LRB- thats good by the way -RRB- ! Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake 's mystery is all about dogs haunting a house by Moon Lake that one of Nancy 's friends own -LRB- she left so you are all alone -RRB- . This game is definitly on the scary side because of one of the beginning scenes so this game probably is recommended for ages 10 and up . The game is long and has fun puzzles and funny characters . I loved the dogs in this game!Secret of the Scarlet Hand definitly takes a while to get in to because at first all you are doing is learning about the Mayans and doing tasks . However after the theft the game gets very interesting with twists and turns that will get you hooked . The game would probably be hard for younger kids to comprehend and really get into -LRB- they 'd probably get kind of bored -RRB- but the game is great for history learners.Overall these games are great and I play them over and over ! I love the Nancy Drew games and ca n't wait for the 16th game to come out later in 2007 !
 This product is in true Nancy Drew fashion with 2 new mysteries to solve ! Both games give you hours of entertainment as you take on the role of Nancy and try to figure out `` whodunit ! ''
 A must buy for all Nancy Drew game lovers . I really enjoyed playing these games because they are really fun and interesting .
 I love it ! The game is great and it came really fast . Thank you sooo much I love it !
 The Secret of the Scarlet Hand , I must say , was n't one of my favorite mystery games . The storyline was a bit odd
 no matter what you might think about ghost dogs scarlet hand has a touch of eeriness -LRB- I love it -RRB- challenging really challenging puzzles that you have to keep with interesting people ! and a hard and creepy ending the game progression is amazing and fun . ghost dogs in the beginning is very creepy at the beginning and challenging fun at the beginning . but at about the middle the puzzles get hard to solve everything about mickey malone is just confusing and it 's not that great of a game . but getting them both is an excellent way to try them both out and I suggest you get this
 All of these games are great.They are very fun and challenging.You never want to stop playing for a second.Some of the best games ever thought up and invented.You are always anxious for another one to come out.Buy any of them and it will be a good investment of your money .
 I was so surprised by the speedy service ! It was just what I needed and everything was in great condition ! Thank you so much for making things ALOT easier ! Your well trusted with me .
 Hello all you Nancy Drew fans . I ca n't wait to try all of the Nancy Drew games . -LRB- ... -RRB- I think its a GREAT game ! It combines two of the games we love in 1 package . But if you did n't like Secret of the Scarlet Hand or Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake , then I do n't think this game is for you . But if you did enjoy them both then this game was designed for YOU ! -LRB- ... -RRB- Thanks for your time Buh Byez .
 This game is pretty fun . My favorite Nancy Drew pc game -LRB- so far -RRB- would have to be Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon . It 's got the Hardy Boys in it and they are so cute !!
 I played this a while ago but I ca n't believe how incredible it was ! This was my first Nancy Drew game and I purchased it when it came out so I 've had it for a while . I 've enjoyed many of the Nancy Drew games but this game has got to be my favorite ! The layout of the game was beautiful . The scenery and graphics were wonderful and the music , oh my goodness it was absolutely amazing . I 'm a horse person so I 'm into the western stuff so I 'm a little biased about the game . The story plot was just perfect . The puzzles were so creative and made you put your thinking cap on , not too hard but not too easy . The classic Nancy Drew game plot with secret messages , secret passages , puzzles , and treasures were put together so perfectly in this game . I give this game 5 stars I had so much fun and unlike the Nancy Drew games I have now this one took some time but in a good way . I would reccomend anyone who loves Nancy Drew , mysteries , or even the old west to buy this game to add to their collection .
 This is the 3rd Nancy Drew game I 've played -LRB- my previous two were # 12 and # 13 -RRB- and I ca n't say its my favorite . I REALLY wanted to like this game too ! I 'm a horse junkie , and a ND junkie , and I was all excited for the two to come together , but it just did n't work out for me , unfortunately . I 'm going to split by review up into sections so I can give the game a more accurate rating.PLOT - 4/5
 HerInteractive 's games are always great , and this one is no exception . In the past few games , they have greatly improved any bugs in the games and carefully checked that everything made sense . This is why I have been glued to Nancy Drew games for the past couple of years.The setting/graphics are fantastic !! It is set in the romantic Old West at beautiful Shadow Ranch . Graphics are nice , any movements and characters look truly real . I like that and give setting/graphics 5 stars.The plot is nice . You are n't really expecting what is yet to come , and the plot is not fully accomplished until after a while , but that is okay . You figure it out eventually . Nancy tries to figure out why a phantom horse is haunting innocent Shadow Ranch . At same time , you are trying to find the treasure hidden by an outlaw named Dirk Valentine to his girlfriend , Frances Humber . Double-plot that is a little confusing I have to say I would generously give it 4 stars.Ah , the characters . Each one is different and none of them really like each other . Three of them are ranch hands and another one owns a shop near the ranch called Mary 's Gifts . One you do n't meet in person is a romance novelist who helps you throughout the game.Shorty Thurmond is the jolly cook at the ranch . The other two hands seem to really hate him , but that does n't make him quiet and unfriendly . He is constantly trying to gossip with Nancy , though she tries to shake him off . Shorty 's lively personality makes it hard for you to hurt his feelings . An excellent character in the game , definitely.Dave Gregory is the shy , quiet ranch helper . He is attractive , -LRB- I found myself staring at him more than once ! -RRB- the total opposite personality as Shorty , and develops a small crush on Nancy about halfway through the game . He does n't think your personality matters , just as long as you are a good helper , you are all good in Dave 's mind.Tex the Terrible , -LRB- as I like to think of him -RRB- is ornery and mean . Tex believes Nancy is a city girl that should be in her `` nice , warm beddy-bye '' rather than visiting the country , and Shadow Ranch in particular . Nancy proves him wrong though , so he is a wee bit nicer in the end.Mary Yazzie owns Mary 's Gifts , is Indian , and kind . Her relationship with the Rawleys -LRB- the owners of the ranch -RRB- is pretty rough , though , but she likes Nancy and helps her many times . Good , strong character.Charleena Purcell helps Nancy with facts she needs to know about Shadow Ranch , some of its previous residents , and its secrets as well . Helpful , filled with facts , and known for her romance books is basically all that she is . I enjoy Purcell being in the game , and you meet her in game # 13 , Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon !! All characters are likable , but I am bothered that you do n't spend much time with them , but spend more of the time hunting on your own and roaming the dusty roads of Arizona on horseback . This brings my average character tally to 4 stars , sadly.One thing I dislike in this game are the many various chores you are given !! From patching the chicken coop wire to making a campfire to putting a bridle together , the chores are annoying and I find them as a big flaw in the game . I really wish they would have carefully considered putting them in the game more than they probably did , but that does n't ruin the game , so do n't not buy it because of this flaw . I just thought it was something to point out.The puzzles are good . They are related to the game but are more kind of guessing and require lots of thinking and start-overs , rather than being explained carefully somewhere else . They are fun to figure out even still , so I 'll give them 4.5 stars.Wow , the ending is super , super confusing !! You have to find your way through a maze while collecting little wooden keys along the way , and the keys are sometimes off the trail . I like the fact that the culprit is a little bit surprising , though , and you feel all the better when you find your way through the case and solve the maze . The ending deserves 5 stars since it is unexpected , slightly creepy , and the puzzle is confusing , the way I personally believe it should be !! There is a cool feature in the game - the cell phone . This is not the first game it has appeared in , but I think it is neat and makes the game more realistic . Good job , HerInteractive !! Now , for the final tally : Setting/Graphics - 5 starsPlot - 4 starsCharacters - 4 starsPuzzles - 4.5 starsEnding - 5 starsTogether , that is an average of 4.5 stars , but since you ca n't do 4.5 on the rating thing , I will give it an even 4 . I rounded it down instead of up since the things I did n't like I rated generously anyway.Overall , it is a good game that I have played over and over . I just feel like in a review , I have to be critical so you really know what you are buying.Thanks for reading this !!
 This game was so much fun !!!! Our entire family had a great time playing it and we were very impressed with its plot and puzzles . This one is definitely a keeper !
 I have played Nancy Drew games ten thru twenty and this one is my favorite . I really did feel like I was on a ranch out west . Just like in real life you have to do chores and if done incorrectly you get tossed off the ranch but they always offer a second chance option . I got thrown off many times for picking vegetables before they were ripe enough . I also like that you have to learn about the different types of horses before you can go horse back riding . I had no trouble at all baking the cake . The hardest part for me was going thru the cave maze . It is just so easy to get turned around . It took me about two weeks of play to finish the game since I did not go to the web site for cheats and/or hints .
 I love this game . it 's so fun . It was a little hard at first but then I would always figure it out . It 's interesting . You make stuff , you do fun chores . It 's cool how there 's more then one place to go so it makes it more interesting . The story takes place over a three day period so it 's long . But everyday something cool or unexpected happens . It 's a little spooky and it 's a little hard . But I mean , if it was not spooky or hard it would n't be fun . It would just be happy and it would be too easy . I loved this game . It was fantastic .
 I bought this game for my 8 yr old daughter and she loves it . It was a good investment and it teaches her patience and how to look for things .
 It is so awesome ! If you love horses you NEED this game , or if you like Nancy Drew , you NEED this game . I really liked the puzzles and the horse theme . Kept me interested until the end .
 This is one of the best Nancy Drew games . Really entertaining and intresting . I loved the challenges and puzzles it had . Plus the southern theme is pretty cool and my favorite thing was the love story between Frances and Dirk , I think it was very well thought out and spent three days glued to the computer until I was finished .
 Lately HerInteractive seems to have gone downhill with disappointing games such as Danger By Design and Creature of Kapu Cave -LRB- although luckily , White Wolf of Icicle Creek is a bit better -RRB- . It 's sad playing this game and realizing how amazing the Nancy Drew games used to be.Secret of Shadow Ranch is partially based off the best selling Nancy Drew book of all time . The graphics are SUPERB , probably the best of any game -LRB- the later games tend to have overly smooth/blurry graphics -RRB- . The characters were all interesting to interact with -LRB- with perhaps the exception of Mary Rawley , who got a bit annoying -RRB- . You got to meet sweet , nice -LRB- and not to mention , cute ! -RRB- Dave , who is keeping something from Nancy ; quiet , mysterious Tex , who seems to like to watch Nancy get hurt ; and talkative , outgoing Shorty , who loves to converse and cook.Bess and George , who are essential in this game for hints , are hilarious to call and talk to . The sound effects and music are grade-A . But best of all is the plot . Who is sabotaging the ranch ? Who is directing the phantom horse ? With tons of leads and clues , this game will keep you guessing until the end . The puzzles are challenging without being frustratingly difficult ; there are several fascinating places to explore . And the history/learning is abundant without being boring -LRB- see
 This is the best Nancy Drew game I have ! My sister and I collect these games and this one is the best ! My favorite thing about it is it has to do with horses . I love horses . I also love mysteries . If your having problems , read this ! If you keep sliding off your horse , it is because you need to tighten the girth . Do not pick up the tiger striped rock on the trail stop ! The second time you go to pick vegetables , listen carefully , and run back inside !! -LRB- A rattle snake will be there . -RRB- This is my favorite Nancy Drew game . All horse lovers should get it !!
 Both my Father and I really enjoy the Nancy Drew games and I 've played nearly all of them . This game is probably the best so far . The stories and voice acting are always great in these games , the interface is simple to use , and there are a lot of nice touches put into these games which make them very enjoyable , even for a grown-up . This title is particularly enjoyable as it seems that everything involved in game play just came into place . Puzzles are well integrated into the story line and although not easy , are not impossible to figure out or accomplish . The story is engaging , and it 's very exciting for we city slickers to get to ride a virtual horse and rope ! I was particularly impressed with the ending puzzles , I thought they were extremely well done.If you 've never played an Nancy Drew game , I would recommend this one to start so that you can see all the best they have to offer .
 A lot of people are saying the toolbox and screen are annoying . I wonder why because I always wanted a bigger game screen since TRT -LRB- that was my first game -RRB- since the old toolbox/converstion box take up almost half the screen . Plus the old toolbox always had problem . If I scroll down I have to scroll down 3 times usually for the scroll bar to stay in the same place . The game is meant for people ages 10 + if you are older than 5 you should be able to understand how to work the tool box . You point , you click , you get whatever you want , you X out . Oh , so hard . Not.Anyway , this game is fun and I love it !
 Shadow Ranch was one of my favorite ND games I 've played , partly because it was definatly one of the most interesting . Of course great graphics played a part , but the characters were realistic and same with the situations , -LRB- well , not the glowing horse -RRB- . One of the best things was that it was n't too long or too short , which can be annoying if it goes either way . Overall , I would strongly recommend this game .
 I GOT THIS GAME A YEAR AGO.I AM NOW FINISHED WITH THE GAME.I HAVE TO SAY THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME.AS YOU KNOW YOU TRAVEL TO BESS 'S AUNTS AND UNCLES RANCH.THERE YOU FIND OUT ABOUT A GLOWING HORSE THAT LEADS YOU TO THE MYSTERY . IN THIS MYSTERY YOU DO CHORES , TALK TO PEOPLE , RIDE A HORSE NAMED BOB , AND EXPLORE 5 LOCATIONS.I HAVE ONLY THREE GAMES THE SECRET OF THE OLD CLOCK , BLACKMOORE MANOR , AND OF COURSE SECRET OF SHADOW RANCH . THANKS FOR LISTENING TO MY REVIEW AND I HOPE IT HELPS !
 This was a truly good time to share with my daughter . We played this game together and had hours of fun doing it . We are anxious to get our next one . I would reccomend this to be played by someone 10 or older if by themselves but with help of an adult I think even younger children would enjoy it .
 First off let me say that I have played every Nancy Drew game in the series and am a die-hard fan of all the games . This was a fun and challenging game -LRB- as they all are -RRB- . However , there were a few tragic flaws :1 . Hate the new popup window . HATE IT ! You have to click to bring up the window , scroll to your item , select it , X out of the window , -LRB- being careful not to accidentally place your item back into inventory , and on and on . It is annoying . I much prefer the old screen setup , as found in DODI , GDML , etc. 2 . I enjoyed doing the farm chores , etc. the first time around . It was different and gave the feeling of being on a ranch . However , I did n't like having to pick eggs and vegatables over and over ! That is not called fun ! That is called tedious work ! I can do tedious work anytime ! In this same vein is the cake baking incident , in which you have to use trial and error to figure out how to bake the cake . And though baking a cake 27 times may be fun to some -LRB- the developers of this game ? -RRB- I found it excruciating . The crowning jewel of this hidious repetitiveness was the lengthy failure sequence you had to endure everytime you messed up ! `` What , Nancy ? You picked on over-ripe tomato ! How could you ! Pack your bags missy , you 're out of here ! '' I mean , who would really do that ? 3 . Also , this game did not seem to have the same atmosphere as the previous few games . I did not find myself feeling spooked , scared , or even unnerved by anything . I mean , aren ; t mystery games supposed to be a little tiny bit scary ? For example
 Am in my 70 's and most video games are not for me ; however , the Nancy Drew games are great for exercising this ol' brain and I do n't need nimble fingers to play . Have 4 of her games and love them all . I especially enjoy the graphics and the `` interaction '' with the game 's characters .
 This Nancy Drew was soooo good !! It had just the right amount of everything , puzzles , riddles , characters ! It was just fabulous !! This one is also very fun , some of the Nancy Drews just creep you out but this one is always bright and happy ! Try it !
 I would like to begin my review by first stating that I find everyone 's appalling comments for this game 's new layout to be quite unjust . I thought the larger game screen to provide a more authentic experience . The new cell phone mode made calling and accessing information on the web extremely practical , as well as useful.Secondly , the new tool mode was not nearly as hard to comprehend as many have expressed it to be . Really , if this game is marketed to anyone over the age of ten , I would have expected those over thirteen writing these reviews to have been able to grasp the simplicity of this feature.Thirdly , I found the chores such as getting eggs , picking vegetables , and feeding the animals to be fun . I love being thrown out , though I will admit the tongue-lashing I get for my mistakes , whether purposeful or not , really leaves my spinning . In one instance , however , I even found myself being attacked by an extremely angry chicken . Who could not enjoy that?The graphics in this game are extraordinary . I loved how real all of the rugs , petroglyphs , and so on looked . Her Interactive really is to be commended on this.Throughout this game weaves a tale of mystery and romance . An outlaw by the name of Dirk Valentine left his treasure hidden somewhere for his love , and through following his clues he wrote for his love , I encountered much more than your average dust cloud ... I encountered many dangerous things , that , if not treated right , could -LRB- and did -RRB- send me to my peril.I would finally like to mention my favorite character in this series
 This was definitely a great addition to the Nancy Drew computer games . They changed the inventory window and it takes a little time to get used to it . Yes , it is frustrating at first but by the end , I decided it was a great idea.In this mystery , Nancy goes to a ranch -LRB- I guess you probably figured that out from the title :-RRB- We do not get see Bess and George because their plane was delayed but we still get to call them and the Hardy boys to get hints.The suspects in this game are Shorty - the cook ; Tex - the head wrangler ; Dave - the cowboy ; and Mary Yazzi - an antique seller.Nancy rides a horse in the game , which is neat . Some of the chores Nancy does at the Ranch are a little tedious and repetitive but they did seem to get easier as they go.In the end , I really liked this mystery and I am ready to start the next one that comes out .
 The Crime
 In The Secret of Shadow Ranch , you are invited to Arizona to stay on Bess and George 's aunt and uncle 's ranch . Unfortunatley , Bess and George seem to have a -LRB- ahem -RRB- `` little '' delay getting there with you , so for now , you 're on your own . Spanning over a 3-day period , Shadow Ranch is definatley one of the best Nancy Drew games . The `` new '' big-screen , a cellphone in it 's own compartment -LRB- with internet and email , though you ca n't send email ! -RRB- , and -LRB- my favorite -RRB- , a notebook where Nancy keeps a journal -LRB- for all -RRB- and a checklist -LRB- only for Junior Detectives -RRB- . And , as always , the toolbar , which takes up less space but holds more items . -LRB- A LOT more . -RRB- Begin your visit with a mystery . Where are the Rawleys ? It turns out , at the hospital -LRB- ! -RRB- . Seems Ed Rawley had a little accident . He 'll be OK though - but the Rawleys are staying at the hospital . And - what 's this about a - PHANTOM HORSE ??? Seems there 's a lost treasure in the area - is it truth , or just a legend ??? GAMEPLAY
 This is a VERY good game . You 're on a treasure hunt in the Arizona desert , which is really awesome . And the graphics are AMAZING ! I love this game ! If you like this game , my other suggestions are Nancy Drew
 My 13 yr . old grandaughter was fascinated with this game . She could hardly leave the computer . She learned about saddling a horse , gathering eggs , building a fire , gathering the ripe vegetables and other interesting things that perhaps `` city raised kids '' do n't get a chance to learn.I think this game is better than watching TV with all the agression , killing , fighting , that goes on . I was very pleased with the clean content of this game . A grandmother of five .
 Hands down to the Nancy Drew series . It is amazing.Secret on Shadow Ranch overall was very well done . The story plot was good and kept me entertained for a good amount of time.As mentioned before , the new way of getting items out of a popup box is rather annoying , especially when you have a lot of items . but other than that i liked the new screen format and the way things were done.This mystery wasnt too challenging for me . i was never so stumped that i was frusterated . i was the most frusterated with a couple of the puzzles already mentioned , they took tons of time rather than being complicated.I liked this mystery , but it wasnt in my top three . But overall it is entertaining and fun !
 this game is the best in the nancy drew game series . it was very challenging . so dont buy it thinking you 'll beat it in 30 min . it was funner than the other ones because there are more places to go than the other games . you get to ride horses which is totally cool ! if you need any help you can go to -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- they are links to the same site -RRB- and go to message boards where all nancy drew games lovers can share hints , cheats , and reviews . you can also read the book but it wo n't tell you how to beat the game . it was really fun , had better graphics than most games i have , has a cute boy ; dave :-RRB- , and lots of cool and hard puzzles . i would n't suggest this game or any other nancy drew games for kids under 10 years old , otherwise get ready for unhappy kids and a game that wo n't be touched for a year or more . -LRB- i know this from experience , i got stuck for a year on the secret of the scarlet hand game when i was 10 ! i did end up beating it though , hooray ! -RRB- it is also fun at the end because you 'll be suprised at how scared you feel when you are waiting for the bad guy to show up!an overall excellant game ! keep making great games , herinteractive!here are all the games in the series in order : secrets can killstay tuned for dangermessage in a haunted mansion -LRB- this has seances and talk of ghosts and spirits , unfortunately :-LRB- -RRB- treasure in the royal towerthe final scenesecret of the scarlet handghost dogs of moon lake -LRB- no ghosts , really good and cool game ! -RRB- the haunted carouseldanger on deception islandthe secret of shadow ranchcurse of blackmoor manorsecret of the old clock ** NEW ** last train to blue moon canyondony forget to read all of the nancy drew books , they are really good !!!!!!!!!! -LRB- P.S. SSSSHHH ... THERE IS A NEW GAME COMING OUT SOON CALLED danger by design !!!!! -RRB-
 This is a must have 4 all nancy drew fans or game players out there!It is totally cool , with the realistic music and great 3D view.Even while you are riding you can hear the horse trot , its simply amazin ' . The storyline is great too!I just luv it about Dirk and Frances love legend and that Dirk left treasure 4 Frances.How sweet is that?The puzzles are great too , though you may hav to spend sometime on some.But overall it shld be real easy to get pass those!Another GOOD thing is that the screen is wider so everything looks more realistic!One problem is , to use or see what nancy is carrying you have to go click-click-click all over the place , and that is troublesome.Oh , and there are chores to be done too , do watch your step , if you do anything wrong you get thrown out.Here is where da second chance comes in -LRB- usefully too ! -RRB- clicking on it will return you right b4 where you goofed!And you do get thrown out 4 alot of reasons!You also get to bake a cake ! -LRB- how cool is that ? -RRB- So , well , do go and buy this game !
 I 've played all the Nancy Drew games and I like all of them , but this is definitely the best . The plot is fantastic and the graphics are unreal . I love doing the chores , like gathering eggs , picking vegetables , feeding the animals , making a campfire , fixing a broken fence , and baking a cake ... I do n't know how you could find them tedious but I just thought they were fabulous . The snake rock maze was tricky but I like challenges . The ending made my heart beat fast and I the new window makes it so realistic . I give this game two thumbs up !
 I 'm an old lady avidly playing one Nancy Drew game after another ! The reason I did not give `` Secret '' 5 stars is because a few of the puzzles , such as having to collect vegetables and eggs twice are just plain boring . However , you get a real feel for the old west as the graphics are excellent . The Indian relics and ruins and the ghost town are very well done and the indoor scenes are great , such as Shadow Ranch Lodge , Mary 's Gift shop and Cappy 's , the remnant of an old saloon.The horse lore that you will learn such as the proper term for each horse color is downright interesting . And as a ranch hand you 'll be obliged to put a dismembered bridle together , feed the three horses and the chickens their various rations , bake a cake , run a barrel race and ride your faithful horse Bob to interesting places , sleuthing all the way.The puzzles cover a pretty wide gamut of difficulty from the very easy -LRB- the vegetables and eggs and the chicken wire fence repair -RRB- to the reasonably hard-the Indian ruins maze . The number and variety of puzzles should please just about everybody except , perhaps , accomplished and sophisticated gamers . The latter would find `` The Curse of Blackmoor Manor '' a much bigger challenge for their abilities.The voice acting is first rate and the lip synch and gestures are fine . Tex , the onery cowboy with an incredibly deep voice , is very funny . Dave , another ranch hand , is very cute , as Nancy noticed and points out . All and all `` Secrets of Shadow Ranch '' is a very pleasant experience , and even though it took me about ten tries to trick the culprit at the end -LRB- I get in such a flap when a puzzle is timed -RRB- I finally succeeded . So all is well .
 I love mysteries . I liked The Secret of Shadow Ranch because it had lots of information about horses . I also liked the mystery about lost treasure . Nancy Drew is also a good character and the cell phone she has is useful . Sometimes the music was a little scary but it was an exciting plot .
 THE NANCY DREW MYSTERY INTERACTIVE SERIES IS THE BEST COMPUTER GAME SERIES ON THE FACE OF THE PLANET . It is GREAT !!!!! FOR EVERYONE !!!!! There 's no UNNECCESSARY violence . You can barely think of stopping the games when you 're in the midst of them . They bring the WHOLE Nancy Drew series to life . ANYONE -- regardless of gender or age -- will love these games . The graphics are INCREDIBLE . You actually LEARN something from these game while having a THRILL . I only own # 10 , The Secret of Shadow Ranch , but I 've played # 3,4 , and 5 . They were all AWESOME . I want to get more soon . I do n't really have a favorite game ... they are all just sooooo AWESOME . The aspects of this particular game -LRB- # 10 -RRB- I really liked were the bigger game screen and the fact that you could visit different locations .
 This is one of the fun-est computer games I have played . It has a good storyline that deepens in the present and the past , and all the puzzles can be solved either with common sense or information already obtained . The bit where you navigate the cliff dwellings was tough and more than a bit frustrating , and it took me several tries before I could get all the keys and not get lost . All in all , a game worth buying .
 Owning nearly every game in the Nancy Drew PC series , I 'd have to say that one of the many things that HERInteractive excels at is the absence of repetition ; Each and every one of their games feels unique and is lots of fun , although some may be more enjoyable than other ones . This one also has a unique location , a ranch in the Arizona desert . While sleuthing and the wild west do n't seem like a match in your mind , this game is definitely an amazing edition to the series , and deserves a spot on any detective 's game shelf.Story
 After so many solid installments , one must wonder , `` what will the 10th milestone be like ? '' I wondered myself back when this game first came out , as almost every game before this one had been a delight . When I finally played the game , it never failed to amaze me.Nancy 's going to Arizona with Bess and George , to visit her friends ' Aunt Bet and Uncle Ed at their new ranch in Phoenix . Nancy arrives before Bess and George -LRB- whose flights are consistently delayed -RRB- , only to find that strange things have been happening at Shadow Ranch lately . According to legend , the horse of an outlaw named Dirk Valentine haunts the ranch , cursing those who see it with bad luck . After it appeared the night before Nancy 's arrival , a rattlesnake was found in Ed and Bet 's room and bit Ed ! When it looks like these attacks seem to be choreographed , Nancy starts seeking the truth behind this phantom horse , its history , and the truth about what happened to a legendary treasure that Dirk left for his love who lived on Shadow Ranch years ago ... The story became very gripping , and just who the culprit was going to be at the end was truly a mystery -LRB- pun slightly intended -RRB- . There were quite a number of twists and turns that I never saw coming , but all were very tastefully handled . Overall , I 'd say this game has one of the best stories -LRB- and I 'd hope so - it * is * based on the bestselling Nancy Drew book of all time -RRB- . The graphics were definitely the best upon the release of this game , and still continue to rival several of the more recently-released games . The characters are all wonderfully animated , and their gestures and body language is very realistic . The scenery was very detailed , and everything appeared almost as if it would if it were encountered in real life . I also liked how the phantom horse was animated whenever it appeared.All of the characters were rather likable , in the cases of both the phone friends and the suspects . Eventually , all of the suspects grew on me , to the point that I 'd be disappointed no matter who the culprit was . They were so lovable , and remain one of the best casts to appear in a Nancy Drew game yet.The suspects include Dave Gregory , the foreman of the ranch who seems very shy whenever he 's around Nancy . Shorty Thurmond is the cook , who 's as opposite to Dave as night is from day with his consistently running mouth and love of gossip . Tex Britten is the head wrangler , and has a very creepy aura and personality about him . Mary Yazzi is the first Native American character to appear in a Nancy Drew game , and she runs her own store on land adjacent to Shadow Ranch . They all fit together nicely , and the amount of interaction they have with Nancy is not only exceptional , but also the interaction they have with each other . Nearly all of them have something to say about each other , and we get to really understand how they get along with each other as well as with Nancy . This was such an awesome idea , as it makes the case much more believable and the characters all the more real and able to be related to.The puzzles and challenges were pretty enjoyable . Several were challenging , but not impossible . My favorites were the mini games in Mary 's shop and in Dry Creek -LRB- a ghost town that appears later on -RRB- and the cake baking challenge . I did n't really care for maze and flowers puzzles because they were exceptionally difficult , but two out of several is n't all that bad.I do n't typically care for country music , so the soundtrack did n't stand out quite as much to me . However , this is just a personal taste , not a set-in-stone rule . Besides , the game * does * take place on a ranch . The soundtrack for this game should sound Western , right ? So , regardless of the fact that I do n't typically care for country , I have to say that the soundtrack is still as fitting and awesome as ever.While `` The Secret of Shadow Ranch '' does have a few setbacks , it 's a very strong Nancy Drew game . I 'd say it still holds up as one of the best , especially in terms of characterization and plot development . It earned its spot in the top 3 games packaged in the Collector 's Edition Fan Favorites package , alongside `` Treasure in the Royal Tower '' and `` Curse of Blackmoor Manor '' . Even though it 's not a top five game for me , it 's definitely a top ten that 's well worth hopping onto and riding to the player 's content .
 Nancy is finally ready to take a vacation , and with Bess and George too , fun ! Nancy on vacation ? No way.Bess and George are a little delayed and Nancy finds herself roped into a mystery , and a dangerous one at that . From exploring a Ghost town to baking a cake , there is never a dull moment in this game . The voice actors are really convincing and the characters have a lot of personality . This game is very cheery and happy , so if it is a dark and scary mystery you are going for , try Curse of Blackmoor Manor -LRB- I find it kind of funny that I got Blackmoor Manor and this in a double dare set , they could n't be more different -RRB- This game has a lot of Romance , something the other games lack . I really enjoyed that . There were a few tedious tasks we had to complete but nothing too bad . The ending was so surprising , and a little creepy -LRB- keep that in mind if you are playing with younger kids around -RRB- I would deffinatley reccomend this game . The Wild West at it 's best !
 I have to say that this game was one of the best in the Nancy Drew series ! In the tenth installment of the ND series , players battle rattlesnakes , scorpions , and crazy chickens -- and all tied together by the romantic love story of Frances Humber and Dirk Valentine . For the first time ever , your friends actually provide you with helpful hints through a new cell phone , complete with an Internet Browser ! In addition , you get to do chores around the ranch , such as building campfires , collecting eggs , picking vegetables , and baking cakes . I never get tired of getting pecked by a nutty chicken!Ride a horse through old dirt trails to investigate old cliff dwellings , stores , and ghost towns . Get locked in jail and even take part in a little barrel racing ! Lasso-ing your lariat is another bonus in this game . Enjoy finding Frances ' many favorite flowers and piecing together the love story of a sheriff 's daughter and an Arizonian outlaw.Hours of enjoyment for the whole family!P.S . I guarantee that you will not believe WHODUNNIT !!!!!!
 I am quite a bit older than the intended audience for Nancy Drew games , but I 've loved each one that I 've played . The Secret of Shadow Ranch was no different , with the exception that toward the end , I just wanted it to end . SOSR has more puzzles than just about any Nancy Drew game I 've played in the past , and many of these puzzles are just plain HARD . -LRB- I 'm looking at you , magnet puzzle . -RRB- Many puzzles are presented to the player without any instructions , so there 's a lot of trial and error involved in figuring out how to even start them . Toward the end , you are basically just traveling from location to location to solve puzzles , which I found frustrating . Any game that involves a complicated maze is not a good thing for me personally , but I would imagine that many people enjoy mazes.Having said all of that , I found the game to be exceptionally charming . The developers captured the feel of a rural Arizona town , and I actually learned a lot about the history of that area . I enjoyed several of the tasks that others did n't , like baking the cake , which I got right the very first time . The solution was only slightly shocking , as there are less than a handful of suspects , but it fit in well with the game.Despite the many frustrations I felt while playing the game , I had fun , and to me , that 's the most important indicator of a good game .
 SPOLIER ALERTThis game was one of my fav games made by HER . This game really has no faults in my opinion . I think the only thing that was hard was measering what to put in the cake . I love this game and i think you will to !
 One of the best Nancy Drew games I have played so far . The setting and game play were very good . Also there were no annoying repetitive tasks that had to be done over and over , such as cooking food 50 times in the white wolf . My only objection was that the metal/magnent puzzle was not designed well , it is far too sensitive . Overall , a fun game .
 This game , as with most other Nancy Drew games , are fun and very intriguing . But the thing that was wrong with this game was the puzzles . I found , that in the begining of the game , the puzzles were so easy it was n't even funny , but as the game progresed , the puzzles got near impossible to figure out . I 'll admit , I used a walkthrough VERY often for them . Also , toward the end of the game , there are a lot of riddles that you have to figure out and I am not good at riddles ! If it was n't for the walkthrough , I would never have been able to complete this game . Also , I knew who the culprit was basically from the begining of the game . To me , that part of the `` mystery '' was way to obvious.Overall , I had lots of fun playing this , it bothered me a little that I had to use the walkthrough so much but hey , I find myself doing that a lot with mystery games because of the puzzles . That is my main complaint about mystery games in general.Anyway , the storyline was intriguing and like I said I actually did have a blast playing it . However , no desire to play it again . Yup , poor replay value.I still reccomend this game to mystery fans . . but if you are new to mystery games , I 'd start out with something else like some of Nancy 's earlier games .
 Awesome game with great puzzles and cool scenery . The longest Nancy Drew game I have played yet , making it worth the money . There are some boring chores that have to be done to progress forward , but others were actually fun -LRB- like baking a cake -RRB- . I needed hints a couple of times , but for the most part the game should be doable with out much help . I highly recommend this game for girls any age who like a good challenge .
 I enjoyed this game . It had a good mix of puzzles and an interesting plot that kept things moving along . I 've played all the games and I can recommend this game . It 's not in my top 5 -LRB- for those , I much prefer Games 2-7 -RRB- , but it 's a solid addition to the series .
 again . I loved it . This game was an exciting adventure to the wild west . With the new wider screen , you can feel even more in the atmosphere . The new features make it better than ever . I reccommend definately purchasing this . An excellent addition to the series .
 This game was a hit with my very smart and fun nieces , ages 12 and 10 . I will probably buy another one in the series for them at holiday time . Lots of fun , not much money . Lots of bang for the toy buck .
 Okay , I have to make this quick
 I really enjoyed this game !!! I could n't stop playing ! The End got my heart pounding like CRAZY !! I also really enjoyed the graphics , it was like I was really there ! It was n't all mystery , it had alot of funny parts . I really recommend this game . I also learned alot like , how to pick ripe veggies , stuff about horses , and even a recipe for a cake !!! SO BUY IT ! NOW !
 Nancy 's 11th outing takes her to a working ranch in Arizona , where she is to stay with her cousins ' family . However , Nancy arrives at the airport to a less-than-warm welcome from a ranch hand , only to find that Ed Rawley was bitten by a rattlesnake and is in hospital . As if that was n't enough excitement , cousins Bess and George are stranded at the airport due to bad weather , so Nancy has to explore by herself.A phantom horse has been sighted on the ranch just before bad things happen -LRB- broken pipes , downed power lines , rattlesnake bites -RRB- , and it 's up to teenage supersleuth Nancy to get to the bottom of the mystery surrounding a historical romance that unfolded on the ranch between Frances Humber , daughter of the local sheriff , and outlaw Dirk Valentine . Before he died , Dirk buried his treasure for Frances to find using a series of hidden clues , and the treasure remains somewhere on ranch property . Besides Shadow Ranch , Nancy gets to explore a canyon full of petroglyphs , a Native American shop , a ghost town , and abandoned cave dwellings.There are a number of suspects
 These games are great ! I have five kids -LRB- ages 4-12 -RRB- and all of us except the youngest play the Nancy Drew games - even the boys . They are fun , challenging , and thanks to the `` Second Chance '' one of our favorite parts is seeing how many ways we can get Nancy in trouble . -LRB- Do n't bug the chicken ! -RRB-
 This was a fun game with a lot of interesting puzzles to solve . The graphics were excellent and it did give the feel of the southwest . Nancy goes on her adventure riding a horse to get to each destination . Not to give away the sdventure but it is important to follow the clues because you are sure to get lost !
 While I for one happen to love the new format of the inventory box , as well as a wider screen , the game still managed to get me flustered in more ways than one . In this game , your character has just arrived at a Ranch , expecting a fun vacation with fellow female companions Bess and George . However , upon arrival you discover that your hosts are in the hospital , and your friends stuck at a faraway airport ! To make matters worse , there are stories of a `` phantom horse '' that appears to be causing mayhem around the ranch.The storyline is clever enough , as are the puzzles , tasks , and clues -LRB- bearing in mind that the game is for those 10 and up -RRB- , yet several elements felt incomplete , or unenjoyable . The `` phantom '' horse that appeared was merely a display of shoddy graphics , heavily pixelated , milky white , and unfinished looking.And while some of the farm-related puzzles were quite fun , -LRB- I personally enjoyed picking vegetables and baking a cake -RRB- , others grew tedious far too quickly.All in all , the game is a pleasant addition to a mostly wonderful series , though the thrill and adventure promised appeared to be lacking .
 I LOVED THIS NANCY DREW ! IT WAS A CHALLENGE TO FIGURE OUT ALL OF THE PUZZLES THAT DIRK HAD LEFT FOR FRANCES . WITH THIS NANCY DREW YOU GET TO WORK ON A RANCH RIDE ON HORSE AND PICK VEGETABLES . THE BEST PART IS GETTING TO EXPLORE AN OLD GOST TOWN WHICH IS SOMETHING YOU DO N'T DO VERY OFTEN IN NANCY DREW . JUST LIVING ON A RANCH , MEATING COWBOYS , AND WORKING IS ALOT OF FUN TO ME ! THIS IS PROBABLY ONE OF MY FAVORITE NANCY DREWS .
 One of my favorite Nancy Drew PC games!You get to sample life on an Arizona ranch . I like the character voices reading the old letters and diary . Great graphics , characters , voice acting , sound effects , etc. !! Some factual and historical details make it even more interesting.Some of the ` stunts ' are tricky , but you get the hang of it with practice . The puzzles are fun . There are some great tips and hints online at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Yee Ha - Fun game !
 I got this game at the end of last year and spent 2 whole day solving the mystery . It was my 1st ND game and i loved it and I ca n't wait to buy another one . I just finshed playing it again on the advanced level . I love all the characters and their different personalities.I really felt like i was part of the ranch with all the chores i had to do . That was awesome ! I 'd just like to comment on Jane from Idaho 's review . My favorite character was Bob as well , hes a very patient horse by the way , and although i would loved to ride one of the other horses since i thought Bob needed a break every now and then . i really fell in love with that horse and enjoyed feeding him and even falling off of him when i got to excited about the game and forgot about the girth . Well to anyone who is thinking of getting this game , get it you wont be disappointed although it was tricky for a NDnewbie even with the walkthrough it was great fun and one more though does anyelse think that the cowboy beside the henhouse is kind of cute lol
 I am a definite horse person . Though the game did n't focus on the horses , the whole ranch-y theme was very fun . I played the game all the way through twice . The only problem with the game is the whole barrel-racing thing . It 's very hard and it took me a long time to get my horse to go fast enough . Some things -LRB- like the puzzle under the rock -RRB- are nearly impossible , but there are little cheats to get you through . I 've found that all Nancy Drew games are much more easily played when using the help of a hints website . Overall a great game and a GREAT buy !
 This game was really good !! The new larger window was really nice , although the items window was irritating . Great setting and good ending , this game was really fun ! This game , however , made my friends computer crash several times , and took her forever to complete it , so I would recommend this game for slightly faster computers . Great for everyone !
 While I love all of the Nancy Drew mysteries we as a family have done -LRB- Mom , 15 yr old son , and 10 yr old daughter -RRB- I really love this one because of it 's difficulty level -LRB- it takes a while to play -RRB- and because the chores and puzzles you are required to finish have great educational as well as FUN value . All 3 of us are Nancydrewaholics -LRB- although it took us almost a year and a half of off and on play to finish the first one we tried -RRB- we now all rush home eager to get playing together on the next Nancy Drew mystery -- -LRB- yes , even the 15 year old boy !!! -RRB-
 I bought this game for my sister because she likes Nancy Drew . She is pleased to add it to her Nancy Drew collection .
 To my knowledge , this is the only Nancy Drew game to have a set number of days to solve the mystery -LRB- with cut scenes every night -RRB- which makes it very unique , and entertaining . The characters are good , even though some of them are more prominent than others . The puzzles are realistic AND historic -LRB- which is really a bonus in the Nancy Drew games -RRB- . And there is a lot to see and do . The first time I played it , I was completely addicted , playing for hours at a time!However , there are a couple reasons why this game is not my favorite Nancy Drew game , even though I do enjoy it -LRB- and I do own it -RRB- . The chores required in this game , while realistic , get old fast . Also , there are sooo many places that you pass by or see , but ca n't take a closer look , which is really frustrating . This game also skimps a bit on the items that you find , and while that 's most likely due to all of the items that you collect for the various chores , I would have personally liked more variety.Overall it is a good game , there are n't any other Nancy Drew games like it , and so if you have n't played it , you should give it a try . If you 've never played a Nancy Drew game before , I would recommend playing one of the earlier games before you play this one , just to see the differences between them . Also , if you 've played one or two of the games and you did n't like them , this one might be the game that you do enjoy .
 I got this as a Christmas gift for my sis , who loves these games and really likes horses . She was really excited to get it ! She seems to have a lot of fun playing these . I 've even tried them myself ; they 're pretty cool .
 Nancy Drew games have a long and proud history of having the user complete chores . It started early , in Message in a Haunted Mansion , and has been used poorly often -LRB- Trail of the Twister , Icicle Creek -- making the food , not the maid work , etc -RRB- , but in this game it works . On a ranch , everyone pitches in . And really , the only thing you have to pitch in and do is collect eggs and vegetables , set up a camp fire , and feed the horses.Actually , the camp fire was the only time I cheated , because I could n't figure out where to get the kindling . I totally glanced over the true source because I thought it was part of the scenery , so I had a good laugh when I looked at the cheat . Do n't make my mistake players . It 's right in front of your nose , I promise.The only ` chore ' I did n't like was the one that had nothing to do with the ranch , though it was also fair . You do something for the lady at the shop , and she does something for you in return . I just wish it had n't been so trying to collect all the arrowheads . Though here 's a word to the wise
 this nancy drew game was my favorite game of all the nancy drew games i have played ! would recomend it to anyone ! : -RRB-
 This was one of the best Nancy Drew games ever . I really enjoyed it ! It had great character interaction , games/puzzles that did n't feel pointless , and great scenery and places to explore . I especially loved exploring the ghost town and the cliffs/rocks/cliff dwellings . It reminded me so much of when I visited Arizona , very authentic scenery ! Herinteractive did their homework with this one . I could play this game again and again . Never gets old . Riding the horses was great fun too !
 There have been plenty of reviews about the different aspects of the game from game play to storyline , music and graphics that I wo n't even go there.I 'm pretty new to the Nancy Drew Series , Secret of Shadow Ranch only being my third game , but so far it was my favorite . I started with the remastered copy of Secrets Can Kill which peeked my interest and then played Phantom in Venice . The Secret of Shadow Ranch had my attention in so many ways . I am a senior citizen and have been looking for fun games to keep my mind active and challenged , this game definitely did that and yet I could play without a walk through which allowed me to enjoy the game and story so much more . I think this game has something for everyone . It has chores to teach young people responsibility and that not every thing is always fun , but there are rewards for your hard work . It also teaches one to listen to what they are being told and that books and manuals are there for a reason . If you ca n't read , you ca n't learn . I read the complaints in some of the reviews about all of the chores and how the reviewers felt it was unfair to be sent home for not picking the right vegetables . I got sent home once too , but after that I paid more attention to what I was picking and never got sent home again . The chores involving math were well done and made you think . The answers on how to solve your problems were there , you just had to look for them . Once again you had to pay attention ! I think that Her Interactive has done a great job using video games as a fun teaching tool and I would recommend these games for young and old , male and female alike . Boys could definitely learn a few things from these games , look at your main players in this game there were 3 males , besides Nancy and Mary , and the males were all doing their chores , and not complaining , very refreshing . Someone mentioned in a review that they thought Nancy 's chores were sexist . But was n't Shorty the cook ? Did n't Dave tend to the chickens ? I did n't see any females holding down the ranch . And Nancy did get to learn how to rope cattle and ride Bob , a lot . I think the chores were shared by everyone , male and female , as it should be.I will say that some of the puzzles were a bit tedious , like the magnet maze . Magnet puzzles are always tedious , but a challenge and I always feel like I accomplished something when they are done . And there are puzzles that might be too hard for a 10 year old , in fact some of the puzzles were hard for a 60 year old , but not impossible . You just had to keep trying and not give up . And it is a great opportunity for parents to play with there kids , helping them make the right choices and decisions as they play . I think Her Interactive has put a lot of thought into their games and I congratulate their efforts . Good stories , great characters and fun surroundings , what more could you ask for . I 'm going to miss my rides in the desert on Bob .
 I 've played every other Nancy Drew Game , but this one was the BEST of them all !!!
 This is a excellent computer game I bought for my granddaughter.She plays it all the time . I will be buying others in the series .
 this game is really fun ! it does get frustrating sometimes because you ca n't figure out what to do next but if you like mysteries and if you have time on your hands , this is one good game to play ... i like the western theme and how you can get more involved in the game instead of just clicking on something and having the game do it for you ... i really like the barrel racing and lassoing ... this is a really great game ! i recommend it !
 I thought this one was good but i found all of the tasks that the cook gave us took so much time and were really tedious . I really like the ending in this one -LRB- i wo n't tell you who does it -RRB- but my favourite one so far is `` message in the haunted mansion . ''
 i really loved this nancy drew game it was one of the better efforts of her interactive . i thought it gave you a great perspective of how things really work on a ranch . and if you love to ride ... this will be your official alltime favorite game .
 So first off , let me just put all of my comments into context by saying that I could probably be classified as a `` gamer . '' I play anything from platformers to racing to adventure games . My favorite games were the Tex Murphy ones -LRB- such asTex Murphy
 The game has a great story line and the graphics are very well done .
 I do n't recall other Nancy Drew games having so many puzzles to do . Lots of fun . A nice , long game . Not overly difficult , and not too easy , either .
 this is the best nancy drew game yet if you liked the other games you will love this one buy it it was very fun
 Ii wouldd rate thegame 5 stars becaus it was ery adventures nd interestiing . It was aalso a indapendit game
 I like this item B0001XLSG6 very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
 This game rocks ! Like all the other games . Nancy Drew is a fictional character . The author of the books is really a guy . He used Carolyn Keene as a pen name . Which is a little weird , but who 's gon na read a girl 's mystery by a guy ? So I guess had to use the pen name . Anyway It 's a cool game !
 This is goin to be the hippest game from the Nancy Drew line up yet . Ya no what im sayin . it looks very cool and hip all at the same time it will be worth -LRB- ... -RRB- . for real . Im not goin to give all the info away but this looks like the best Nancy Drew game yet.And One more thing does anybody no if Nancy Drew is a real person ?
 I like this item B0001XLSG6 very much You should read more reviews to find out more about it
 Over the past year , we have purchased every Nancy Drew for our 12 yr . old daughter . It is a wonderful series of games for anyone to play . It takes a lot of thinking . I do n't feel like these are a waste of time to play . I have never had any problems with any of these games .
 This is a great game for 12 and up . You learn how to sattle & ride a horse , pick ripe veggies , talk to lots of people , serch every room and town . It is a great mystry and has great graphics . You will learn about petroglyphs ,1900 's fashion & moreIf you mess up -LRB- or die -RRB- in your game use the `` second chance '' and you will go right back to what you where doing a minunte before you messed up.It takes about 4 days to complet -LRB- if you do n't use cheats -RRB- . If you do n't like this one or want more nancy drew chose from any of there 10 titles
 I 've played all of HI 's -LRB- Herinteractive -RRB- Nancy Drew computer games -LRB- excluding # 11 , which I will soon play -RRB- to find all of them relatively superb except for the exception of possibly # 8 . Everything I say here , is exactly how I feel about this game . If you want a very thorough review , I think you could find it right here.First off , you can not correctly reprimand this new sleuthing format wihtout playing any of the other games . Speculation from rumors are purely not acceptable . I found it to give the game a more realistic view add richness to your view . Though finding the tools was a bit confusing , it was so minor and really was easy to learn quickly.The storyline takes you out to Arizona where you have to discover the secret behind this supposedly `` phantom horse . '' Throughout the game you learn the history of this outlaw Dirk and his sweethart Frances . I wo n't elaborate for those who are interested in the game though for much of the story is of this tale.The main tools you 'll use extremely often -LRB- I accessed it too many times to keep track of -RRB- have a new setup for easier use , ie your cellphone . Though this new version was a little difficult to me for the first few times , it helped a lot in web surfing and calling.Their are numerous different areas the adventure takes place in . And for all horse and animal lovers , such as me , will be thrilled to see your via of transportation is Bob the horse . Bob is though another track of responsibility though and some may not having to search through various different locations -LRB- some even without reception for you cell phone -RRB- for where exactly you need to go for the next part . Though for me , I love to explore and found everything relatively easily.Don ' t be fooled if you are older than ten years old and think this is too young for you . And do n't think vise versa either if you are younger than that . Sure it could be easier or harder depending on your age -LRB- and mystery and deductive skills -RRB- but there are fans of these games of all ages . Even mothers and fathers are players . Grandparents are n't excluded in that either.Some parts are a bit difficult such as when you have that barrel racing and lassoing test from Tex. . But never fear , being a good detective means having the patience to do it agian . I took that test trully over twenty times for the barrel racing part . But I finally got it and the reward is undescribable . If you ever need hints or spoilers , just look down to the bottom of this review and go to the same website except to the message board part of it.The last major point is the real set of mood the game gives you . The characters are all pretty believable and all give you a reason to think of them as the culprit . The setting gives you this rustic and old west feeling.It stresses this in your daily chores of picking ripe vegetables , collecting the eggs , and any other thing someone on the ranch wants you to do . You can have tons of fun too purposely messing up . It really is convenient with the second chance option to start you up again right before the mistake . You even have the option of having a bit of a crazy chicken attacking you.Just like other HI 's Nancy Drew games , you are not really following the trail of the mystery so to speak . You are going by on what you 've discovered thus far . You work out the entire game this way until the end where you discover the answer to the mystery . Not to say this method is not fun , it is actually in a very suspensful way.All in all , a very goood game with rich graphics , and a fun interactive mystery . Nancy Drew has been around for years with great books and hopefully this will continue in HI 's Nancy Drew computer games.If you want any information from HI about this product , check it out on www.herinteractive.com . Hopefully you have found this a helpful review . In my opinion , it 's a great edition and am looking forward to Curse of Blackmoor Manor and all of the future games .
 I liked this game a lot ... the only reason I am not giving it a 5 is for 2 of the games ... The only bugged me on the senior level ... The roadrunner thing you have to play multiple times and on senior the third level was just too annoying to do that ... and the puzzle with the magnets got on my nerves cause you couldnt see where you were going and there were too many corners that you had to guess at being there ... Other then that the game was great ! I didnt mind having to pick the vegetables and eggs everyday ... It was all that hard at all ... Oh , and for anyone that has the game or is gon na get get it go and make the recipe ... I decided to out of curiosity and its very good ... I made cupcakes 350 * for 25mins ... and I am guessing if you make a cake its be 350 * for 45mins ...
 Nancy Drew
 I just finished playing `` The Secret of Shadow Ranch '' , and I found it to be a bit more challenging than the others I 've played to date . The reason I 've given it 4 stars instead of 5 -LRB- the first time I 've done that with this series -RRB- is because there are several places where what you have to do to move on is illogical , and for these same areas , there is n't any hints to let you know what to do . As a result , I wound up having to consult `` UHS Hints '' -LRB- a really good website where you can find hints to all the Nancy Drew games -RRB- a lot more than I would have liked ... `` Shadow Ranch '' is situated in the Arizona Desert - and the graphics of this area are great ! The mystery surrounds strange happenings that are occuring on the ranch - such as a phantom horse riding through at night , always accompanied by a major mishap at the ranch -LRB- a snake bite , power lines become downed , pump house floods -RRB- . Nancy finds out early in the game that there are rumors about an old bank robber who had hidden a treasure for his sweetheart - who used to live at the ranch . So your job , as Nancy Drew , teen detective , is to 1 . find out who or what is behind all of the strange mishaps - are they linked to the phantom horse , or does it just appear that way ? And 2 . find the treasure - if there is one ... In order to get around the desert , you get to ride a horse - be sure to look around at everything you can find about riding horses before you begin , or you just might find yourself falling off a lot !!! Overall , I found this game to be fun to play , although it did become quite frustrating at times ... If you find yourself having difficulty as I did , I 'd recommend going to the `` UHS hints '' website - they allow you to choose how many hints to take , and you can always get a few before you 're given the full answer - this way , if you just need a push in the right direction , you do n't have to see the full answer and ruin the fun of figuring out for yourself .
 I really enjoyed this game . It was not too hard , but not too easy . I only got stuck once , and I got going with the game again pretty soon . I also liked how the plot was very easy to get ; in most Nancy Drew games , the plot is very hard to see what it is.In this one , Nancy goes to a Ranch to figure out who 's been behind a ghost horse that 's been haunting Shadow Ranch . Then , she finds herself hunting down a treasure.There are four suspects
 I thoroughly enjoyed this game!I had moved away from PC games for awhile after being endlessly frustrated by the glitchiness of some of the Ubisoft games from the Myst series . It annoyed me that I could n't play the games without thoroughly upgrading my computer - and so I had gone back to the good ol' Playstation 2 . However , console games have been sorely lacking the emphasis on puzzle solving , which is my favorite element of interactive games . Not to mention the fact that you have to pay $ 50 for them , vs $ 15 bucks for a great PC game like this.The Nancy Drew series seems to have found an excellent balance of high quality graphics and glitch-free gaming , which is just what I was looking for.The ghost town in this game is amazingly well done , among many other details in the game . It is great eye candy to simply scan around an area and take in all the details that the designers took so much effort to create.This game also had a good balance of `` not-too-obvious , yet not-impossible '' puzzles . I like to be challenged , but I do n't need every puzzle to be so hard that I need to be psychic to get it . Within the game is all the information you need to solve any puzzle - you just need to play around to find it sometimes.I would definitely recommend this game to young and old alike .
 Not quite as challenging as past games but still a fun story in Nancy Drew world . I think the older games are definitely more challenging-like maybe the game makers were still thinking too much like adults ? If you love horses and or the west , you 'll definitely enjoy all the little reading inserts throughout .
 Guess what ? Just last week , I was exploring this old ghost town and was suddenly knocked out by a bank robber ! -LRB- I think -RRB- Then , as if that was n't enough adventure , I woke up in the ghost town 's jail ! Using my lariat , some old bricks , and a chair , and an old key , I managed to get myself out of there . The next day , I explored some ancient Indian cliff dwellings , found treasure , and turned in a criminal . And I wo n't even tell you about my first day ... It all happened on NANCY DREW , the SECRET OF SHADOW RANCH . And it could happen to you!The setting of the game is at an old Arizona ranch . I would have liked it better if Bess and George could have been there . Your suspects are Tex Britten , the head wrangler who takes care of the horses , Shorty Thurmond , the cook -LRB- by the way , he 's very tall -RRB- , Dave Gregory , the foreman , and Mary Yazzie , a Native American shopkeeper . No one ever comes in her store with the exception of me.I , overall , liked this game . The reason I gave it 4 stars is because at times the game was creepy . On the contrary , I 'm easily creeped out , so maybe you 'll find the game less creepy.I really liked the ending of the game . It was very exciting . Here are some hints for people who were as confused as I was at times . -LRB- If you want to do it by yourself , you do n't have to read this paragraph -RRB- . A hint about the ` under bank lamp ' message
 I 've only been playing Nancy Drew games for a short time . I 've played approximately 5 or 6 - and this by far was the most fun ! I found myself drawn into the `` dude ranch '' setting and enjoyed gathering eggs , veggies and riding a horse ! I have to admit , I thought I 'd never get the barrel racing score to a good enough level . But I finally got it and , looking back , I have to admit it was fun . I figured out the culprit early on but that did n't destroy my enjoyment of the game . I 'd recommend this for any age group -LRB- I 'm certainly not a kid and I thought it was great fun ! -RRB- . The graphics were great , too ! I got through it pretty fast , but I like that . I hate games that drag on for ever . The only part that got a little `` old '' was the constant cellphone calls to various individuals . Maybe because there were so few actual characters Nancy interacts with on the ranch . All in all , a fun game with some challenging and not-so-challenging puzzles . Great scenery .
 All I can say is Wow . HerInteractive has done it again . This is the fourth game in the Nancy Drew series that I have played ; and in my opinion , it is the best so far . Every aspect of this game is top notch.The graphics are beautiful and realistic . You really feel as though you are there visiting a beautiful real-life western ranch , complete with neighboring ghost town and souvenir shop ! The colors are delightful , the atmosphere bright and cheerful , and the details are exquisitely reproduced , such as , for example , the furnishings within the ranch home or the decorations and articles inside the souvenir shop.The characters are extremely well done and very interesting . They are a joy to interract with . You 'll be asking yourself throughout the game , `` I wonder , now , just who it could be that is behind all of these mysterious happenings ? `` The storyline is one that you will have a hard time walking away from until you follow it through to the very end , with plenty of twists and turns , surprises , romance , mystery , danger and suspense . I loved how they weaved the tale of the long-forgotten tragic romance between the outlaw Dirk Valentine and his beloved , and the trail of clues that he left behind for her to his treasure that now really only you , as Nancy , will be able to solve.The western atmosphere makes it exciting and fun to learn about ranch life as you progress through the game . You even get to learn how to take care of and ride a horse , and also how to use a lasso . Your horse , Bob , becomes a rather endearing friend by the end of the game.The puzzles are pretty fun , although I would say that if this game has one flaw , it might be that at times , I noticed that they were , at least to me , a tad frustrating to solve , which is a very small complaint in light of the fantastic experience that this game is.Also , some were complaining about some of the chores/tasks that you are asked to complete by the ranch hands ; but after I was able to get the hang of most of them , I actually found them to be quite an enjoyable diversion from the main plot . And I just had a blast baking that awesome birthday cake for one of the main characters . Now , I know in a lot of the reviews , many were complaining that baking the cake was extremely frustrating and accomplished only through much trial and error ; but I have to take exception to that and wonder if those who wrote those comments realized that there is a handy-dandy little recipe card nearby on the kitchen counter , labeled with the exact directions and measurements , to use as a guide . With that , it only took me two or three attempts . I mean , really , guys!Add to all of this an awesome ending sequence , which takes you through this really incredible hidden location , and an edge-of-your-seat climax and confrontation when the culprit is finally revealed , along with the really clever way that you use to defeat this person , and you end up having one of the most enjoyable games that , in my opinion , I have ever played.Congratulations , HerInteractive , for creating yet another masterpiece.P.S .
 Secret of Shadow Ranch is , in my opinion , one of the best games in the entire Nancy Drew PC game series . It 's full of adventure , excitement , and challenge . It also has real life information , and graphics that other computers games I 've played can not come close to . You play as Nancy Drew , who is visiting Shadow Ranch , only to discover that one of the owners has been bitten by a rattlesnake , and that a ghost horse may be haunting the ranch.You meet and interact with characters , solve really tough puzzles , and get to ride a virtual horse anywhere you go . If you goof up -- do n't worry , a second chance will take you back and let you try again . There 's also two different difficulty settings , and a tutorial to explain what to do . You have a cell phone to call for tips , and a notebook in which Nancy records information and , on the easier setting , gives you a checklist.Overall , this game is highly recommended for everyone , including boys and adults , although maybe not for very small children . Once you 've played it , you 'll want to play all the others , too .
 I Really like this game . it is sochallenging and so realistic . -LRB- as youcan probably tell , I have read thebook too -RRB- the only thing strange is thatalot of the parts in the book were replacedby `` searching on your cell phone '' or something.I think it would have been even more coolif it was in the early 1960 's like it is inthe books . Also , I do n't think that you shouldhave to be 10 to play the game . It is hard butit just takes you longer to play . But still , overall , This game is great and you should buy it .
 The life on a ranch is not as easy as it looks . Sure , feeding animals , picking vegatables , and getting eggs from the chicken coop is easy , but what about the part when you get attacked by a chicken who hates it when you try to take the eggs away from her nest in her presence ? This is my favorite Nancy Drew game and book , and I beat it in ... 3 days . Basically a day for , well , a day . When a phantom horse shows up and causes trouble , its up to you , as Nancy Drew , to figure out who , or what , is behind it . Can you figure out who it is , and still have time for a slice of cake that you made ? More than 2 thumbs up !
 Ropin ' , ridin ' , and revenge . A ranch vacation takes a terrifying turn when a ghostly horse appears . Is it driven by the vengeful commands of its long-dead master , Dirk Valentine ? Or is a living villian behind the ranch 's string of bad luck ? It 's up to you , as Nancy Drew , to figure out who 's wearing the black hat before your investigation is ambushed ! Unrequited love , tragic endings and buried treasure weave through the colorful history of Shadow Ranch . The spirits of gunslingers walk these streets-is this ghost town where the phantom horse starts its midnight gallops ? These terra cotta cliffs hide centuries-old secrets . But first you must learn the language of the ancients . Behind all this western hospitality lies a dangerous threat . Could one of these lonesome cowhands really be a crook ? This mystery is a barrel-race full of twists and turns that threaten to throw you off . Horseback is the only way to get around these parts , so get ready to ride ! : -RRB-
 This game is about Dirk Valentine 's phanton horse.When a phanton horse who visits Shadow ranch , leaving a trail of frigtening '' accidents '' . Local legends says the horse has come toavenge the hanging of his master and the misfortune will befallwhoever sets eyes on it.You only have 4 people to choose to see who is behind the accidents and the phanthon horse.Don ' t let nobody fool you.At the end you will have a big sorprise for ... and the culprit.Remenber who less you think is the culprit , that might be the culprit.If you think that is the culprit , that one might not be the culprit.P.S buy this games is awesome and you will learn about Dirk Valentine an Frances ...
 this game is pretty fun ! :-RRB- you , as nancy drew , are staying at a ranch in arizona , and you will surely learn plenty about ranch life !!! the music is cool , the ghost own is creepy , and if you like to ride horses , this is the game for you ! i think i liked ghost dogs of moon lake better , though .
 My son played with this over summer vacation . He went from a kid who hated trying to read to one that was learning small words while he played . This was recommended by a co-worker who has 7 kids who have all used Reader Rabbit . His kids love to read and mine is starting to now . This is definitely worth the money . I would highly recommend this product .
 My first grader loves this game!Nice refresher for the summer time.She loves all of the games and it has kepther interest . She has fininshed the gameto the end , however , still wants to play againand again .
 I bought this for my 1st grader - she is 6 . She loves this game - to her it is a game - to me it is a great learning experience for her . Works great on my xp media center machine - trouble free to use , super easy to install .
 I bought this dvd for my grandaughter and she plays it constantly . She really loves it and it has helped increase her reading skills while having fun at the same time .
 I received these last night and they are brand new !! I could n't find these any where so thank GOD for Amazon . I was able to get these and now my kids have something to help them with reading !! Thanks a bunch Amazon !!!!
 I have been buying Reader Rabbit DVD 's since 1998 and have been very happy with all of them . I enjoy spending half an hour to 45 minutes a day with my child , working on her reading fundamentals . This is a great DVD . It incorporates game play and reading skills all in one . This program lets you child record his/her voice as she reads the stories . He/she will be able to play the recording back and listen to his/herself . Great moral booster for the child .
 You see , I am a few years behind on upgrades . This was a very reasonable offer that motivated me to migrate from OmniPage 14 to 15 . I like OmniPage very much . I have been using it for over a decade . I have tried other OCR software , but I believe that I am spoiled by OmniPage . Their new editions , however , are very expensive -- better put
 This gives you 19 filters . Other progs have transitions , but the filters make tmpgenc special . And each filter does lots of things . For example , all the color/brightness/gamma stuff is in one filter . There are filters to do obscure things too , like rotate the movie , two kindsn of sharpness , extract countours , and Gaussian blur . Subtitiling is easy , powerful and flexible . You can adjust LOTS of subtitle params.Also , the way you skip through the movie to edit is it best of all products I 've tried . They let you select frames or chunks of frames just as easily . It shows not just the frame you 're on , but the past and future frames near it.Downside is that unless you 're a professional , t the price is too high . You have to buy another $ 100 program to burn a DVD . Considering that such progs are available free , it should be included . In fact , they sell 7 different products , all overpriced , and all of which should be in one $ 100 product . They have two other products just to edit MPG files . SpursEngine functionality will cost you $ 50 . Dolby sound will cost you 30 more . Even if they have to pay some other greedy company for licenses , it does NOT cost them $ 50 , and that cost should be part of the product price.If you do n't mind a horrid interface with obscure video-engineering terms on the controls , and no help files , they have a free version that does much of the same thing . But it 's from , like , 1990 and does n't support but a few formats.Another prob is their crappy , buggy site and fort knox-like registration and license process . Their site got an error while I was registering , but I could n't ask for help because tech support will only talk to you if you 've registered a product . I gave up , then when I went back , I saw that the link was only good for two days and had expired . Note that they can already tell if an email address is registered to that link , so there is no reason to restrict registration like this.Also , if you follow the registration screens on their site , it is possible to get deep into it but there are no links to the main page . So to go to a product page instead , you have to type the main page URL into the browser again.Their site is very , very poorly designed . visually noisy , too many fonts , text sizes including `` microscopic '' , and colors , big buttons , little buttons , buttons that look like rectangular pictures of people instead of a button , tables with an arrays of buttons , regions that expand when you click them , and three rows of different-size buttons at the top . Also , their site was made for an 800x600 screen ONLY , so at 1280x1024 , almost half the screen is blank.Actually , their site and registration and serial numbers and limitations and obsessive paranoia that someone will use the product free are such a hassle that I 'm giving it 4 stars when the product itself deserves 5 . Just like Microsoft , talented engineers are wasted on excessive greed and dilbert 's - boss marketing . -- faye kane , homeless brain
 The product is very powerful and very easy to use . I would have given it a 5 star review except for the periodic validation requirement.Another problem is you can only run it on one of your machines . If you want to run it on another computer you have to buy a second license . I have a laptop that I use for video editing while traveling . To buy a second license for that is absurd .
 This CD ROM tells an interesting story . In the late 1880s the norhtern great plains were first becoming civilized . This is also the same time that the early photographic cameras were being introduced . Therefore this is the first and last time that the settlements of a part of America were able to be recorded on film during the settlement and pioneering process . What you get is the first real captured history in America . I like the fact that we get treated to a 20 year time window , so we are able to see how in two decades the first rough settlements evolved into bustling towns and cities .
 I have bought Route 66 Mobile 7 for my cell phone Nokia N73 . The installation was simple and done within 30 minutes . The only problem was , that I was n't able to find the product key . Normally the product key should be with the product , but it was n't . I had to contact Route 66 Support , which was very good and helpful . I can recommend Route 66 Mobile 7 !!!! I 'm using it on a daily basis .
 I highly recommend this game . I credit this computer game for much of my success in life . I am a competitive person and I found this game particularly challenging and exceptionally rewarding . The game helps children develop problem-solving and critical thinking skills while having fun . My children will play this game and others computer learning games like it . There are a number of different skill levels and the game becomes more difficult the as you play . So this game is perfect for a bright young boy between the ages of 7 & 12 .
 This game is not that famous and I will tell you the plot . A mischief named Marty and his minions want to take over a toy factory named Shady-Glen so he can famous and try to make the children admire him . Unless , you can take on the challenge by beating him to a strategy game that includes puzzles you have to find around the warehouse so you use as game pieces . The object of his game is to get your piece to the other side of the game board before he does . You come across rocks , mines , lakes and tall grass . I recommend you get this game ! It 's fun and it 's well worth the challenge !
 I had nothing but a great experience with this product . I do n't know what the other person was using , but it was n't Navigate 7 . True is does reformat the card when you reinstall the software which was a pain , but it did come preinstalled and auto installed , auto loaded , and auto paired with the Bluetooth antenna the first time I used it . I would highly recommend the product and a 1GB or 2GB card so you have room for more than one map and room for music and photos too .
 This entire opinion is entered directly into the amazon review page with the IRISPen using a hard copy of a file I printed with my inkjet printer , very typical , 12-pt , Times font.I took the pen out of its box and read the directions very carefully . As usual , the Mac I took the pen out of its box and read the directions very caretuuy . Be sure to click the desktop image to bring up a fresh window with the IrisPen.I read the bad reviews here , but I really need what IRISPen is supposed to do . I took the plunge and ordered it , bracing myself for the worst.Calibration was a breeze ; you just touch the pen to a sample of white paper . Then , without reading into the manual , I drew the pen over a sentence In an open book . Flawless ! I went on to do the entire page , speeding up until I was going full speed , over one line per second , as fast as I could go and keep the pen on eourse . Three errors in about 600 words ; a missed period and two `` a 's '' seen as `` 11 . `` This item greatly helps my editorial work . No longer do I have to destroy books to get a few pages onto my flatbed scanner , nor do I have to re-type long passages of text from bound sources . The pen does n't care about the font of the original , and you can select any font and size you want to be sent to the target program.My opinion is that some people are naturally klutzy and may have difficulties getting the feel of this unusual tool . There is a certain slant and technique that came naturally to me , but might be awkward to someone who ca n't dance or throw baskets . There is a If you keep your eye on the arrow , allowing the line of text to become a passing blur as you drag the pen , it all works out very well . A little practice might help , although I needed none at all.I highly recommend this item without reservations to any Mac user . It works better than advertised , taking into account I have n't even cracked the instruction manual yet . The PC instructions seemed quite geeky and were considerably longer than the Mac instructions , but I imagine those still confined to the tiny PC universe can probably do fine with IRISPen if they pay very close attention to the instruction manual .
 I have read the reviews here and elsewhere about this product before I bought it . But I was in the need of something for quick little jobs - more convenient than my flatbed scanner and faster than my typing - and gave it a try . No regrets at all.I do a lot of research with quoting of one or two paragraphs out of books or papers , mainly in German language . The IrisPen works very well for me in English , in French and in German -LRB- no problem with the umlauts etc. ; I have not tried other languages -RRB- . One thing is important
 The IRISPen works as advertised . I am currently reading for my PhD comprehensive exam and I use the pen to lift quotes from the books I am reading . I am careful to calibrate the pen with each new book and each new lighting environment -LRB- i.e. when going from my desk to the couch , from daylight to desk lamp , from home to office , and vice versa -RRB- . It only works well if the page I am scanning is held flat on a solid surface . It works with near 100 % accuracy on hardcover books but does a terrible job if I just hold a softcover book on my laps , I ca n't imagine trying that on a magazine ; hard and flat is key . When used carefully the IRISPen is a huge time saver . My only regret is that I discovered this gadget after I was halfway through my readings and my notes on the first 20 books where taken by hand .
 I actually bought the IRISPen Express when I read the special price offered in the October issue of PCWorld . It was $ 30 off the retail price of $ 130 if you went to the link shown in the ad.If I had read the reviews here before I ordered , I might have had reservations about my decision.It arrived in only a couple of days ... the first big surprise . I opened the box and did exactly as the instructions said on loading the software first before plugging in the pen reader into the USB slot . What I got was no power to the pen when I tired to calibrate . I then read in the installed instruction manual that USB slots in the front of many computers do not give a good connection to power and to try one in the back of the PC . That worked !!! After doing some test scans , I tried a few lines out of books and magazines . The results was not perfect , but I feel it does a good job after practice and doing what I see others mentioned ; using a flat surface , having consistant light and keeping the pointer inline with the text when scanning.I do n't recommend more than one cup of coffee before doing many scans . A shaky hand can have an affect on the quality . On books when you get near the middle of a page that is n't flat can produce unreliable OCR as well .
 I have just received my IRISPen express today . Unboxed it . Installed the software from the companying CD in no time on both my mac and windows machines . And it first asked me to calibrate it by pressing on a white paper which I did and in under 30 secs it told me that I am okay and I can start scanning.I tried it first on its manual . I scanned a few lines while having Microsoft Word open and to my astonishment I found the text popping at my cursor out of the blue skies . It 's that simple.I then wanted to test it even further . I have got a text book that I have been using for my studies for my master degree and I am the kind of guy who use color markers and pencils a lot in his studies . I started scanning a full paragraph -LRB- about 20 lines -RRB- and I was amazed with what I saw when I finished . AAlmost 100 % accuracy . I only had to correct a word or two . It even handles the hyphens at the end of lines where words get truncated and it links the word -LRB- after omitting the hyphen automatically by the built-in software -RRB- to its remainder on the following line . Quite amazing.My notes on it are the following :1 . It 's better to have a flat surface -LRB- the book page -RRB- while scanning , in hardcover books where the inner margins are close to the center of the book -LRB- hinge -RRB- it 's difficult to keep the pen going and the scanner light goes off -LRB- switched on by pressure on the roller -RRB- .2 . I hope it was wireless . The usb cord does n't drive me crazy . But having it free in your hand makes it a 100 % joyfull user experience .3 . It does small image scanning in grayscale mode only - no color - like scanning a logo or a signature .4 . The scanning sensor is wide 8 mm -RRB- nearly covers 3 lines , but the software always recognizes the line in the middle .5 . If you upgraded to the IRISPen executive - from the beginning - or for an additional insane $ 100 to have the CD software send to you by mail from IRIS . Yuo can scan multiple lines of text into buffer memory , so that you get to scan paragraphs much faster -LRB- 3 lines at a time -RRB- . This comes with the ability to hear what you are scanning and to recognize handwritten letters and barcodes . This comes from amazon after mail-in rebate @ $ 150 . Sounds like a good deal to me .6 . You can program the 2 burrons on the IRIS pen to insert new lines , spaces , tabs , use some hotkey functionality etc ... 7 . With alignement control you can use it as a marker to scan portions of lines even single words thanks to the genius software that comes with it .8 . I can keep going but I think that 's enough.I will tryout the tables scanning -LRB- yes it can scan and recognize table cells into a software like excel -RRB- tomorrow and I am sure I would be satisfied too.Bottom line
 I had a problem with the device and they were very friendly and had great customer service ! They quickly solved my problem was was very happy afterwards .
 I would purchase from this seller again and recommend . The item was delivered promptly and in the condition promised .
 After trying this one , I bought all of these the series to 2nd Grade . They are the best out there , in my opinion . My kids LOVE them !!! You do the learning activities and then you get to play a game . I 've tried -LRB- I believe -RRB- just about every children 's learning software . This is , by far , the best one out there . It keeps my children engaged . They ca n't wait to get to the games or to see what comes next . It lets you go back to correct your mistakes and print out awards of completion . It 's a good one !
 The best feature about this software is that it allows you to make slide shows and customize it with your own music . It is simple to use and when used properly , the outcome can be quite impressive . The only drawback is that it can become a tedious process when you are trying to time your music with the length of your slide show .
 Superb ! It 's like having an enormous pile of maps , but in a smaller package to pack , and it is tiny & weightless to pack if you 're flying first.We 've used this on cross-country trips - especially useful if you 're in a remote location without cellphone or internet service - you can still plan your next leg of driving or get answers to many questions by running the program on any laptop computer ... we were able to help fellow travelers too .
 As a Paramedic in Montreal , we use it in our central dispatch , we save time and time in our line a work is life or death.Microsoft Streets & Trips 2004 takes us where we have to go with precision . Most of my collegue had bought it for personal use to learn all the one way and create shorcut in there district where they are affected . All the best and long life for this great software .
 MS Streets & Trips is an easy to use , intuitive , mapping/route planning software that covers the entire US and most of Canada . Although there are free mapping/route planning websites out there -LRB- Mapquest , etc. -RRB- , they are nowhere near as fast or as versatile as Streets & Trips . I was going on a business trip to Tucson , Az and needed to find my hotel . With Streets & Trips loaded on my notebook PC , I simply typed in Doubletree , Tucson and in an instant , it pinpointed the location . Printing was a snap and planning the route from the airport to the hotel was so intuitive , there is little need to refer to the software manual . After a few minutes of playing around with the menus , search interfac , and map navigation , the features become quite evident . Streets & Trips really is the next best thing to having a Nav system in your car . I highly recommend this software , you 'll never need to go to AAA for a map again.Pros
 I have read all the other reviews , but I have to say that I do n't agree with them . I have used the previous items and I love the new version 2004 . To me , it is just like the older versions , just with a few more details . I can use it the same as they other one . We are getting ready for a trip from Texas to New York -LRB- DRIVING !! -RRB- and I have the route all planned out . In fact , I am going to add a GPS system to my laptop and use 2004 with it .
 I almost never say this - but I gladly paid -LSB- money amount -RSB- for this Microsoft product . I think this is the only MS product I 'm actually happy paying for . It rocks - PERIOD . We have MapPoint 2002 and had 2001 - this has almost all functions + some for -LSB- money amount -RSB- less . It 's the most accurate GPS/map I 've ever used - and we 've used a lot of them . Much MUCH better then Delorme , etc. . You wo n't be sorry !! 2004 version also includes the drive-time feature of MapPoint 2002 .
 Lost ? Need a little direction in your life ? Then this softy is for you . UI is easy , prints beautifully , creates html , emails pics , and works great with my laptop and USB GPS!Fantastic software . Highly recommended . -LSB- Much better than DeLorme -RSB-
 I love this program . We use it alot at work and at home for making maps . I used to use mapquest , but you can do so much more with this . I especially like the feature of searching for hotels , restaurants , etc within a certain distance of a point on the map.The only con I can think of is that the addresses arent exactly in the right position , but not everything is built exactly where the address should be!I highly recommend this or any other year of this software . The only reason to upgrade if you already have one of the previous versions of this software is the newer roads -LRB- which I need being a road contractor -RRB- .
 I used DeLorme Street Atlas USA for years before switching to S&T a few years ago . I find it to be much better than DeLorme , which had a really cumbersome interface and did n't show nearly as much point-of-interest detail , e.g. , restaurants , schools , parks , hospitals , etc. . That 's one of the things I like most about S&T . I 've yet to enter an address it could n't find , and the route planner is excellent . The 2004 version is the best yet .
 This is a wonderful product at a really reasonable price . Seems like even the smallest restuarants and gas stations are located on the program . We are really living in the future ! The software is also compatible with GPS systems . Its very much improved since 98 . Much easier to use than any online mapping system , and faster.Buy it today !
 Lost ? Need a little direction in your life ? Then this softy is for you . UI is easy , prints beautifully , creates html , emails pics , and works great with my laptop and USB GPS!Fantastic software . Highly recommended . -LSB- Much better than DeLorme -RSB-
 Planning a trip ? Tired of bad direction from those internet sites ? Want to be able to find places to eat , get money and have fun along the way ? Microsoft new release of Streets & Trips 2004 may be just what you need.This is a 2 cd application , the first cd is the setup and installtion cd , while the second is for the data . The data cd is very up to date and accurate , being that it list the street I live on and several interent sites do not.Also I found the number of things you can add to the map to be a fairly large assortment of items . Fomr bank ATM 's and resturants to amusement parks and historic sites . You can also uses a `` Pushpin '' to mark the places of importance as references for other maps and trips you plan.The application has a very useful and easy to work with router planner , I was able to plana trip and then go back and make modifications without any real trouble . I also like the ability to enter personal data into the system , giving the application a more freindly appearance.Finally the maps are printable , which makes the travel a little easier to handle . Also the application I tested had the ability to run on the Pocket PC . I think that this application should ne ported over to other PDA devices , and this can handled in furute updates . Also they could find a way to have this work with GPS systems as well.Overal if you are looking to get from point A to Point B , Street & Trips 2004 should help you get there without making a wrong turn .
 This software is very accurate . You can enter the speed you travel on major & secondary roads and you will get to your destination at the correct time within 15 minutes . 2004 has the correct exits , unlike 2001 . Way better than MapQuest !!! I map out various destinations at least 15 times a year , since we travel quite a bit to archery tournaments.Would give this sofware an A + + + + + + Highly recommended !
 Best value ! It seems to cover all major cities in U.S.A. and Canada . Much easier and faster than flipping through map book or other online address finders -LRB- yahoo or mapquest -RRB- . -LRB- It also has world map , but not in detail scale . -RRB-
 This is a good product . It works really well and it helps me a lot . You can plan your trip from this software . It will show you how far you trip is and how long it is going to be to get there . It can also show you where are the restaurants , motels , ATMs & Banks , etc. near your area . It is also incorporated the GPS system so that you can track where you are . It also comes with Pocket Streets to help you view your map -LRB- or your customized maps -RRB- in your PDA . So , why wait ?
 Streets and Trips 2004 is the third version of Microsoft 's popular map software that I have owned and reviewed . This latest edition offers both major and incremental improvements over its predecessor . It is vastly superior to online map offerings and other map software that I have owned . For more information on how S&T compares to competing products , please look at my previous reviews for 2002 and 2003 . Specific Improvements for 2004 include :1 -RRB- Real-time GPS2 -RRB- Drive-time zones -LRB- show me where I can go in X minutes -RRB- 3 -RRB- Arrows showing one-way streets on maps4 -RRB- Markers representing exists on major highwaysApart from these improvements , there appears to be an increase in accuracy . However , Microsoft does n't seem to have a good method of removing long-defunct restaurants from its points of interest database.What it is lacking :1 -RRB- Integration with real-time traffic2 -RRB- Map and location data updates via the Internet3 -RRB- Paths for pedestrian and bicycle travel4 -RRB- Coordination with other online map services , such as municipal door-to-door public transportation travel planners5 -RRB- Better integration and standardization of imported data so data sets like health clubs and WiFi hotspots could be included in the points-of-interest database at the user 's choosing.In general , the absence of connectivity is my biggest complaint . However , I would guess there is no business model for this as it would have to be supported by user subscriptions or advertisements , neither of which would be accepted in the marketplace.As a final note , I recently tested the real-time GPS as a passenger with my Deluo USB GPS receiver . It is operates smoothly and with -LSB- apparent -RSB- great accuracy . Unlike OEM navigation systems , it does n't include real-time direction , speed and travel status . Perhaps this is intended as watching the screen as a driver would be extremely dangerous . Nonetheless , it was helpful for finding obscure locations in rural areas .
 Used Delorme 's products for over 10 years but made the switch this year to Microsofat 's Streets & Trips . Overall , pretty happy with the product . COMPARED to Street Atlas version 9 : WHAT I LIKE . It works with my Magellan 315 GPS !!! `` Snap Routing '' really does work and makes re-position to your desired route EASY . Found it very easy to locate businesses , restaurants , service stations , REST AREAS , etc. . Many many GREAT feaatures too numerous to detail out here.The INTERFACE is FAMILIAR , standard keyboard strokes to all of us Microsoft users . Includes detailed maps of Canadian roads.BEWARE HOWEVER
 I started using this product when it was called , `` Expensable 98 , '' almost four years ago . I 've upgraded to Expensable 6 and I have found the program to give me everything I need for detailed monthly expense reports . The major feature I appreciate is the ability to adapt the reports to my needs . I spend just a few minutes each week entering data and my monthly reports only take minutes to prepare . The program is not as user friendly as it could be , but it is certainly adaptable to most situations .
 Before finding ZDE I resulted to Macromedia Dreamweaver . An excellent program , but when compared to ZDE , it is garbage.One great feature is the function help . Lets say you are typing in a function like mysql_connect . Lets say you type in half the function name -LRB- Just `` mysql '' -RRB- . A small window will appear showing you all functions starting with mysql.Another feature is debugging . Press F5 and it runs a debug with a local server or the internal version of PHP . It also has a realtime debugging system . If the syntax is wrong it underlines the incorrect part.ZDE also has an intergrated MySQL database browser . This means you can view your tables in your database in the same programThere are also a lot of other small features like include checking and indenting.My only problem with this program is it 's written in Java . This means that it is SLOW ! And if Java crashes , so does ZDE . The means goodbye script that you have been working on for hours . I can understand why they did this . They have already designed an incredibal language and it would be a lot of work to design it in C++ . Despite that problem this program is excellent and yoru will not be diappointed.One thing I should mention is that if you program in mutiple languages it may be better to get Dreamweaver as it has support for many languages
 Web4Chicago.com was very fast getting me this fine product , 4 Days.Wow now I have to study , Lots of books with good info.I dipped into each program and was very happy.There is so many ways to go , and a lot of freedom.I am very experienced with Photoshop , and have done some editingin the past but this just is the cat 's pajamas .
 This is my review of version 8 preferred edition and its accuracy and dictation . I do n't have the mobile recorder so I can review that at this time.If you 're reading this , You are interested in buying Dragon NaturallySpeaking version eight . I highly recommend it ! I had versions of Dragon software , dating back to 1995 . Let me tell you the software was clunky back then , being a quadriplegic , I used it to type and move the mouse . But as soon as I got a touchpad mouse . I dropped Dragon altogether . Step forward almost 10 years , I decided that I needed to send longer e-mails than two sentences -LRB- because that 's all I could type , it gets tiring using only one hand and one knuckle on that hand -RRB- . So I took the plunge drop the cash on Dragon , and after three days am totally satisfied.I added up and running and dictating in less than 20 minutes . The accuracy is amazing I 'm actually typing this by voice . Since I can use a touchpad , I do not use the Dragon NaturallySpeaking for mouse commands . But for dictating it is perfect and quick !!! I 'm using it with a 2 GHz processor , and it is fine . Getting it set up was a little quirky with my Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS . I 'm actually using it with a tabletop condenser microphone , not the headset that they came with it -LRB- which I found to be quite uncomfortable -RRB- . Since I 'm unable to get the headset on my head , but a tabletop mike is working perfect.So I recommend this product anyone who has a disability that makes typing difficult . Anybody who does n't want to learn to type -LRB- though I think he would be lazy , just suck it up and learn -RRB- will find this are useful , actually quicker than typing . Almost hundred words a minute ! The software is leaps and bounds above previous versions go for it ! Enjoy !
 After setting up and using Dragon NaturallySpeaking 8 Mobile it seems to work okay . The Preferred portion on the program works very well . The recorder takes a some time to get working . The best thing I have found the that works , is to use the headset that is provided with the system it seems to work fairly well with accuracy target equality in your sensitivity on high if you are never record directly into the recorder you need to put it at the same distance as you with the headset microphone in order for it to a eleminate mistakes.The instructions are not very clear and how to set it up , that is why I think there 's so much difficulty getting the work recorder to work properly . I agree with others with the poor support issue.I have not yet used to but find valuable information on when website like Know-brainer . I 'm currently use in the recorder to write this report hope this helps . Anybody else needs any further information on how to set up the recorder , I would be happy to help .
 I am an avid Dragon user -LRB- had versions 6 and 7 -RRB- and this is by far the best I have used . The accuracy is the best ever . Although , I dictate at my office using the headset , I am now using the handheld device to dictate notes on my ride to work -LRB- 1 1/2 hours ! -RRB- . Hats off to this company for their best ever Dragon - I am getting almost 100 % accuracy . In case you did n't know , the more you use it , the more accurate it becomes . This is an easy to use program and I would recommend it to anyone who does a lot of email and document creation.Lenny P
 I bought this product as a student who needed to EXCEL in school ! This product helped me like no other ! It is amazing ! I have a small problem with the recorder being slightly below what I wanted but the product proved it 's worth OVER AND OVER AGAIN ! I was able to record lectures and have my computer do all the translation ! What an amazing product ! It helped me in ways that I can not explain ! I looked on Scansoft 's website WWW.SCANSOFT.COM and upgrade to a compatible recorder that was much higher quality . This product is defintely worth the $ 200 I spent on it . The recorder is great for the first couple classes ! It got me thru some serious lectures that I was able to download to my Mp3 and listen to while I worked out ! Saves me more time than any other software program out there ! Yeah , there is gliches in the verbage , but if you listen to you class AT ALL - you will be impressed with the mobility , the ease and the free use of this product ! Highly recommend for STUDENTS in need of some extra time !
 I bought this software not knowing what to expect . I read a lot of online reviews of the software and good thing I did not listen to most of them . Most people stated that the hand held recorder did not work , but after putting everything aside and reading the literature , I got it to work perfectly . The disk is so small that I thought it would n't fit into my disk drive , but it did ! Some of the words that I say , it does n't understand , but if I keep my head level and speak clearly it works fine . It does n't want me to raise my head or lower my head , I guess it sounds like mumbling . Overall , I would recommend this software . I noticed also , that a lot of people do n't know the difference between the professional and the prefered . The professional has all three versions , legal , medical and something else that escapes me right now . I purchased the prefered and I am satisfied with my purchase .
 My wife gave me this software for a birthday gift and I really like it . I use it in the car to dictate when I am out of the office . I have found it to work well and it makes my previous wasted commute time of almost two hours a day productive now . I noticed that some people complained about the recorder being cheap , but I have n't had any problems with it at all . If it does n't work , maybe the recorder itself is bad ?
 What amazing technology ! I tried this stuff about a year ago at a computer expo in Boston and it worked , but not well . The accuracy with this new version is pretty astounding .
 Love it!With a 2 hour commute each way -- I arrive at the office door with my reports complete and emails answered ! Recorder is of good quality and the recognition is amazing . Very cool product .
 For 8 weeks I could n't use my right arm . This software is n't perfect but I could dictate pretty quickly and then clean things up using my good hand . Pretty impressive technology .
 This is amazing . The new version of Dragon actually WORKS ! And the digital recorder is really of good quality . I record in the car , download into Dragon on my PC - then Word has my transcription ! A great christmas present !
 Are you tired of reading ? Well , I am . I have bought 4 differentbooks on MICROSOFT PUBLISHER 2000 , but I have to say that this was thebest.This is a great book . I really enjoyed this book because it was fast and easy . I hate reading but I want to learn . This is the only book that has dozens of pictures and has easy directions in using MICROSOFT PUBLISHER 2000 . This book is very useful and also very helpful . I understood everything and never got lost like some of the other books . I didnt know all the things you can do with PUBLISHER 2000 , until I got this book , then I learned to do everything . You can learn to do everything like making valentine cards to making a brochure.I recommend this book to everyone . Take my word and get this book . This book is worth the price and you will never regret it.Enjoy !
 Overall I think this product is a great idea . I really was n't sure what to expect when I bought this . It 's not a substitute for a guide like Lonely Planet and it 's not a DVD video as it only works on a computer . There is general text explaining each of the places to visit but no really practical stuff about hotels and transports . It is however a really cool thing to play with and was a great help in preparing our upcoming trip to New Zealand . The interactive photos are really incredible especially in full screen mode . They were beautifully shot , sharp and colorful . You can turn around with the mouse and look up and down . Many of them also have sound which really adds to the feeling of being there . The interactive maps were really easy to use and contained pretty much all the highlights of both islands . We got a much better sense with this software of what there was to see than with a guidebook . The kids also loved playing with it and got them really excited about our trip which was a great bonus .
 This is my second World in Motion DVD and New Zealand is just as good if not better than Bolivia . The interface is very easy to use and everything worked perfectly on my 2 year old PC . The quality of the 360 photography is astounding and the main reason you should buy this . Everything is full screen and gives the impression you 're really there . Make sure you check out the recent article in VRmag.org -LRB- edition 25 -RRB- about Bolivias Brazen beauty for an indepth view of this collection by the leading photography magazine .
 If you want to really study GOD 'S word , this is the best bible selection that I have Found .
 My husband and I actually bought this game for ourselves . I must admit we are a young couple and played this in elementary . Its way better now ! We love playing it . It 's a lot of fum . We HAVE Windows XP on our computer and it works great , no problems at all . Do n't know why it does n't work on the others computers . Hours of fun entertainment ! Kid friendly , non-violent -LRB- well you do get to go hunting , its a lot of fun ;-RRB- Highly reccommended .
 My 8 year old started using Mavis Beacon at school , loves it , and was working hard at improving her typing skills . I wanted something for her to work on at home , and gave Sponge Bob typing a try . It is very similar to Mavis Beacon , except sponge bob makes encouranging comments , the hands are yellow , there are a few Sponge Bob out takes , the background and theme is of course Sponge Bobish , and the words they type are words that kids are more familiar with . She just got to print her first certificate for beating Patrick Star in a typing competition using the home row keys plus `` i '' and `` e '' . She will get her next certificate for beating Gary the snail when she completes the next benchmark.One improvement would be if Sponge Bob would refrain from saying `` I make that mistake sometimes too '' when no mistakes had been made.My daughter likes Sponge Bob typing much better than Mavis Beacon , but a child who is n't motivated to learn to type probably would n't use it very much because there is n't as much activity variety as other Learning Company games .
 I bought this for my granddaughter who is 8 to help her learn how to type since she is always trying to type pages from her reading books . It starts with the basic typing skills such as how to use the correct fingers and make games out of what you learned . It can be used for adults who want to learn how to type or improve their typing skills .
 My 4 year old -LRB- 4 years 2 months -RRB- LOVES these games and can do most of them . They are challenging enough that he is learning but simple enough that he can do most of them . Also , there is a GREAT variety so he can learn lots of different pre-k skills , and not get bored . Better still , each `` game '' within this has 3 levels of difficulty , so the game will grow with his skill . The graphics and story line and animation are perfect , just enough to keep his interest and help him through the game , but not so much that you spend all your time watching rather than playing . After a couple of days , he is able to find his way around the game with little help from Mom and can easily spend and hour or more playing at a time . He loves these games !!!
 My 4yr old twins love this and they take turns with each game . They love the music and it is a great tool for matching , math and reading . Rarely do I find something to play with that BOTH kids love and this is one of those rare occaisions .
 This is a great product . My kids love to play it . It is one computer `` game '' that I can feel good about . Also , the songs and games are not dumbed down . They are clever and cute . I do n't mind sitting down and playing with them .
 My 7-year-old daughter loves this program . The program adjusts to her level and lets her she is doing better by changing the color of the path the Zoombinis must travel from green -LRB- easy -RRB- orange -LRB- medium -RRB- and red -LRB- hard -RRB- . She first experienced the Zoombinis at school and enjoys playing the game at home .
 My son -LRB- 8 -RRB- liked it . I bought Math blaster and this and both were/are hits . I have to say out of all the programs these two have to be the best in our collection .
 I 've used Math for the Real World for years but lost my original copy . I used MFRW to make sure my child was proficient in math . All the basic math skills are included
 Arrived on time . Installed it immediately and my daughter loves playing it . Will look for some more educational stuff.Nm nm
 I used this during summer school has way to get math to be more then BORINGI and going to use this software in my computer tech and espeically in my video / audio class beacause it ties math to the what students really need to knowthanks
 After using Diskeeper Premier Pro Version 10 for nearly a year , I did n't think there was anything they could do to improve upon it . I was wrong . The key change is the constant background defragging -- they call it : Invisitasking Technology . '' This version of Diskeeper -LRB- the less expensive ones do not include this feature -RRB- defrags in the background using only resources not used by other applications , utilities , etc. . The result is that in the 2 weeks I 've been using the free trial version of this , I have n't had to run a manual defrag even once . In fact , they have removed the scheduling feature -- you ca n't schedule defrags any more because there is simply no need for scheduling them . And there is absolutely no performance hit ! An incredible piece of software -- and I rarely write that .
 After having Diskeeper 9 since it first came out , it was time to upgrade , and I even made the big jump to Premier Pro . Yes , the only difference between the Pro version and Premier Pro is the `` IFAST '' function . And after having it running on my pc for the last couple of months - no problems . Best I can see is Diskeeper is a very good investment to keep your pc humming along . As good , if not better , then I expected .
 This software is very easy to install and use . Diskeeper does it job quite well . That is , it defragments all of the drives automatically -LRB- if one sets it up that way -RRB- . It also continues to defragment the drives in the background and appears not to interfere with any computer operations .
 Did a lot of looking and I am really happy with my purchase , product and shipping time .
 After using Diskeeper Premier Pro Version 10 for nearly a year , I did n't think there was anything they could do to improve upon it . I was wrong . The key change is the constant background defragging -- they call it : Invisitasking Technology . '' This version of Diskeeper -LRB- the less expensive ones do not include this feature -RRB- defrags in the background using only resources not used by other applications , utilities , etc. . The result is that in the 2 weeks I 've been using the free trial version of this , I have n't had to run a manual defrag even once . In fact , they have removed the scheduling feature -- you ca n't schedule defrags any more because there is simply no need for scheduling them . And there is absolutely no performance hit ! An incredible piece of software -- and I rarely write that .
 This game is incredible in that it has so many different levels of education packed into one game . My son is severely autistic and we own all of the `` Buzzy the Knowledge Bug '' games from Humongous Entertainment . All I can say is I HIGHLY recommend this game and the other two titles `` Let 's Explore the Airport '' -LRB- a personal favorite of mine -RRB- and `` Buzzy Explores the Farm '' . There is a section in each of the games that tells you words related to the airport , jungle or farm and gives a picture and an excellent written description.Buy this cd !!!!!!!!! Well worth the money !! This is the best educational cd because it is so much FUN .
 I love this game I play it in collage and i love ti a lot it 's awsome
 This game teaches you everything . I had -LRB- have dont play anymore -RRB- this game and i liked it alot !! Well ... Actully ... I loved it !!! They did a great job designing the game . It feels like your in the jungle playing games -LRB- with Buzz -RRB- ! I VERY HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS GAME !!! It is worth the money !
 I 've been a huge fan of this products for about 2 years now . It has made teaching easy . Grading is quick and to the point . I love how is calculates for you . No headaches to deal with ; As a matter of fact , I orderd a copy for my collegues and they all love it too . I teach at a college so it is always busy . The Tool Box is the answer to all my problems .
 when that system died I bought a new HP laptop running WinXP Media Center . While the program seemed to install perfectly when I tried to print I got a simple failed to print error , no clues to fix it . I too loved this product , simple and cheap , and I wish I could get it to work on my new system . Anyone have a fix ?
 PDF PRODUCER is in receivership and you should know -LRB- it -RRB- . Open Data Becker and learn . Some of us loved that product and will have to `` eat '' the $ 50.00 purchase price . What should we do ? That is the question ?
 After seeing the bad reviews , I almost did n't purchase PDF Producer . However , I called Data Becker -LRB- during normal business hours at 617-614-0600 -RRB- and , with very little trouble , got a live person on the phone who answered all of my questions and allayed my concerns . Two good hints
 If you need or want to create PDF -LRB- Portable Document Format -RRB- files this is a great product . It 's easy to install and it just works . I was able to create several pdf documents using MS Word an Excel with embedded graphics within two minutes . It really is that easy to use . Before you spend the extra money on Acrobat , try PDF Producer.By the way , you need Windows 2000 , XP Home or Pro to run PDF Producer . It will not work on a Win 98SE or lower system . I am running it on a XP Home machine and it works perfectly .
 PDF Producer is the best product in its class for the price charged . Virtually no technical knowledge is necessary for it to work exactly as advertised . Despite a few comments to the contrary , PDF Producer works on all versions of Windows XP which have been updated as Microsoft suggests . ON 50 plus PC 's with all versions of Windows XP , there have been no configuration issues whatsover.It seemlessly creates the current standard PDF document which is compact and virtually can be read by anyone with a PDF reader on their computer.This product is far easier to use than any other product in its class and I have tested several .
 I have not had any of the problems -LRB- so far -RRB- as the other reviewers of this product -LRB- I must have a newer version , though I ca n't find a version number anywhere -RRB- . I am running Win XP Professional and it was easy to load . It 's also easy to use , except I wish it had its own icon in the tool bar of each Windows application -LRB- i.e. , word -RRB- instead of going to the print button . But , it 's cheaper than the Acrobat Professional and it does just what I need . I 'm happy !
 Okay , it 's april 2004 and I just found out a couple weeks ago that the Data Becker company appears to have gone under.That is probably why so many other reviewers expressed problems with tech support.So , while I have had good luck with this product , your situation may be different.Therefore , I would NOT buy it , unless you can get it at a clearance price.I have bought and now own about 10 different Data Becker titles.Most were bought at clearance prices.But ALL products I got from Data Becker have worked GREAT for me.So sad to see another Deutsch company gone under.Just goes to show that good products do not guarantee success .
 I do n't have much to say , except the negative commments are all wrong . Windows XP , handled a 35,000 word file no problem or errors . Great value . I think maybe other pdf vendors are making these comments . Contrary to one website review , the file size was no different to other products tested either . If you have the money , get the Adobe product . Otherise , this is 90 % there , for a fraction the cost .
 I came across this product while looking for a low cost alternative to Acrobat and was quite pleased to see how well its worked . Its simply a print driver that creates a PDF instead of printing a document . The install is quick and the product barely takes up any room on my computer ! I initially had some problems with an older version , but the tech support team pointed me to a patch which resolved my problem before I could get worried about it !
 PDF Producer is perfect for anyone who is emailing documents you do n't want changed or need forms printed out from a website -LRB- I do both -RRB- . I ca n't believe how easy it is to load and use . If you go in to security settings you can choose what level -LRB- version -RRB- of Acrobat you want to be viewed with . Anyone using Acrobat reader usually has the latest version . You can even add watermarks . For the price EVERYONE should own PDF PRODUCER !!!
 MapPont is an excellent mapping software . Finds locations accurately and has a built in link to MapPoint 's website that provides aerial views of the location . The only flaw that I have discover in the software is that MapPoint does not allow you to export the locations -LRB- points -RRB- with simple geographic data attached , such as latitude and longitude coordinates , census tracts , and zip codes . You can view this information on the screen , but when you export the points , the information is not . You are , however able to write your own programs -LRB- if you posses computer programming skills -RRB- and use the program as a plug-in to export the information , but this is not a simple task if you do n't posses the required skill.It would have been great if MapPoint would either have these feature included or provide simple step-by-step instruction and tools to accomplish this.Overall , this is an excellent mapping program that I highly recommend and hope future versions will have better export options .
 I love the Reader Rabbit 's learning tools and my daughter would play with this all day if I allowed her too but because of her age she 's only allowed small increments at a time . Great for kids .
 I got this as a gift for my 4 year old daughter and she loves it . In fact , she loves all the reader rabbit series that we have so far -LRB- which is most of them -RRB- . I would highly recomend any of them .
 My four year old loves . We found it easy to understand and the different levels let her work without being frustrated .
 My son is having trouble knowing his numbers . THis game has really helped for know his numbers and start to add . Great game !!!!!
 The Reader Rabbit computer game was a gift for Christmas this year to my granddaughter and her family and they love it .
 I purchased this for my grand daughter for a Christmas gift . I will let you know how she likes it .
 I love this program . My daughter is four and just started this program . Since its a progressive program , its a good challenge for her .
 Good math review with some logic type exercises . Reader Rabbit its tried and true . It is easy for any kid to learn with this .
 After reading the reviews from other people , I was skeptical if my kids would like it.There was no problem for me to install this product . My 4 yr old and 3 yr old enjoy it.They learned very quickly how to navigate the software.Gotta tell ya they were entertained and kept them interested the whole time.They were on it for about 2 1/2 hours , now thats is a long time for toddlers to be interested in anything for a long period of time . When i told them it was time to put it away they refused . So that is a good thing :0 -RRB- Definitley would buy more .
 It teaches patterns and other basic math such as counting , addition , and subtraction . My child really enjoys it . And I have fun watching him learn new things .
 CorelDraw Essentials was like getting a vector program plus a bitmap program for one low price , but version 2 seems like a downgrade , as the bitmap graphics part is greatly crippled . v2 still contains the old but fairly stable CorelDraw 9 , with some professional filters removed to lower license fees . There is nothing wrong with v9 -LRB- except it does n't support Unicode as in v12 -RRB- . But the bad part of this updated Essentials 2 is that they removed PhotoPaint 9 from the package , which was useful for people who want to save on bitmap editors like Photoshop Elements , etc. . Whereas PhotoPaint was a fairly mature and stable program , the new photo organizer tools seem to get embarrassing reviews for their unpolished interface . Hopefully CorelDraw Essentials 3 will incorporate a reduced version of JASC 's Paintshop Pro program , which Corel recently acquired . That will bring some balance to this unique `` Essentials '' graphics package.BTW , if anyone at Corel is reading this , repackage the OSX version of CorelDraw 11 in the same way , to create a `` CorelDraw Essentials for Mac '' . I suspect there will be a large market for Mac Mini buyers looking for a cheap and robust vector program , as well as cutting into a void in bitmap graphics before Apple makes their own `` iApp '' for graphics design hobbyists .
 A very good alternative to the complete software package . This slim version is more than enough for home and small office needs
 I am an experienced CorelDraw user who needed a budget version at work . I found that CorelDraw Essentials 2 is an excellent little program that delivers all the important functions of its bigger sister . I use it for posters and technical drawing.If you like CorelDraw , you 'll like Essentials 2 . If you want to get to know CorelDraw before committing to the full price , Essentials 2 is a great intro to the basics -- especially with the training CD . I 've heard that CorelDraw takes some effort to get started in , which is fair ; I 've used it for so many years that it 's second nature to me.The only functions that I really miss with Essentials 2 are : - being able to turn off the `` select items by clicking inside outline '' - being able to set the drawing scale to other than 1:1
 CorelDRAW ... it 's reputation speaks for itself . One can do a lot with this program . The full version can be a bit pricy for a user that has a need for only some of the many features and intends it for home use . I find that CorelDRAW Essentials 2 offers me just what I need in a photo/drawing application . I wo n't repeat the features . Read 'em and check the price . Can you do without this in your arsenal of computer tools ? Highly recommended .
 I made a mistake when buying this product as I have Windows 7 and did n't pay attention to the system requirements , but I wanted to let others know that the seller of this product went way out of his way to help me out . My rating is a 5 Star for the seller . They offered to take it back right away even though it was my mistake . I could n't have asked for more help from anyone ! I really ca n't rate the product as it is n't for Window 7 .
 I currently use Ver . 2004 and have not upgraded to v. 2005 but I can say that I love this software . It is inexpensive and does everything you need it to do.I only took one accounting class -LRB- hated it -RRB- almost 15 years ago so I knew very little about how to keep my own books . I just started my own business and thought I should have some formal record of my financials even if my accountant would have to clean it up later . Simply accounting had wonderful tutorials on CD -LRB- included -RRB- and I was able to go directly to what area I needed help with . I have to admit that I had to start over with a new company a couple of times because I messed up some entries , but that was because I am not an accountant and did n't want a bunch of adjustments to correct entries.I read the other review and yes , you do get a pop-up window that asks if you are sure you want to enter something older than 7 days , but you can change that in the options . I do n't have a lot of paperwork yet so I probably enter documents in maybe once or twice a month and I have NO problems with these infrequent entries.I even created my own personalized invoices , POs , receipts , etc that match my letterhead . I can email or print these out for clients . It sends emails through Outlook.The best part is the wizard . When you set up a new company , the wizard will ask you what type of business you are running and then develop an account list based on that . I was able to add and delete my own as I went along.If you believe you can be taught accounting , give this program a try .
 I read Mad Magazine on and off as a kid , so it 's great to be able to see the old magazine I had before , as well as the ones I have n't yet had a chance to see.The resolution of the PDF files is pretty good . I think it 's a nice package.RFTokyo
 Absolutely MAD Magazine - 50 + YearsI read lots of reviews about this before purchasing it . The reviews that concerned me the most were the ones about the quality of the scans ... I started getting Mad in January of 1982 . That DVD ROM issue looks about as good as the original did ... Keep in mind I do n't think the originals really looked all that great ... The scan is n't going to be better than the original ... I mean ... you ca n't shine a turd ... I personally did n't buy the magazine with the intent of matting and framing it ... It 's funny stuff low or high quality ! For $ 35.00 you really ca n't go wrong ... You just ca n't ... If you do buy it , when it comes to looking at the super specials ... You have to click on the table of contents to view the pages ... It took me a while to figure this out ... :-LRB- This is because most of the super specials are just repeats of older mags ... The table of contents is links to the older mags ...
 My mum collected Mad magazines in the 60 's and 70 's , and I loved reading them in the 70 's and 80 's . Over the years , her copies have torn , been mislaid , or just disappeared . I bought this to give to her for her birthday in August this year , and I had to `` test it out '' : -RRB- It 's fantastic - the memories came flooding back , and the articles , sketches , comics and parodies were as fresh in my mind now as they were almost 40 years ago.The DVD is well organised , and the menu system allows you to easily find the magazine you are looking for . And because they 're all scanned in PDF format , you can view them on pretty much any computer.The quality of the scan is excellent - and even the fold-ins are reproduced!Excellent value for money , and I 'm happy I purchased this . Just do n't tell mum yet . : -RRB-
 I am having lots of fun going through the magazines , though it took me a while to realize that the specials are linked to where the original articles were . I would have thought that the professionals who put this together should have been able to do a better job with the scans , many of which are poor quality . Reading the files is also made a bit inconvenient since you have to increase the size to 150 , which is more than a full size screen . Even with these disappointments the collection is still lots of laughs .
 There 's so much here , it will take a long time to go through . Not as much fun or easy to read as the original paper versions -LRB- you ca n't `` flip thru '' pages fast , and you ca n't do the foldovers on the inside back covers -RRB- , but its a lot better than no MAD at all . Great for vacation reading in the car or by the pool .
 I bought these for myself for Christmas hoping that the review were correct that there would be no issues with Windows 7 . I popped in the disk and auto run came up and there was the menu just as it should be . So , not only does this work with Windows 7 , it also works with Windows 8 -LRB- I bought a new computer after receiving these -RRB- . I copied all the mags from the disk into its own folder on my computer and then transferred them all into Itunes and loaded them onto my Ipad . They look great and I am having a blast rereading all of these .
 I bought most of these magazines and I thought I would never read them again , memories flashed !! I recomend this product and this seller !!
 My grandson will be getting this for x-mas . I know he will spend many hours browsing and reading this CD . I can imagine his laughter and delight as he does this !! .
 Are the comics on the DVD Rom in PDF format ? I have an iPad and would love to be able to read the Mad magazine collection on it !
 I have every issue of Mad Magazine from 1980 to present . I also just went to a used comic store last week and bought 20 issues of Mad from the 1970 's for about $ 80 dollars and now you mean to tell me I can have EVERY single issue from the 1950 's to 2006 on one putrid disc for only $ 32.99 ? Jumping veeblefetzers ! Guess I 'll just have to burn my original issues and get this moronic thing today !
 I loved Mad magazine as a kid gowing up . It 's great to have such a collection on 1 DVD ! It 's fun to see all of the old ad 's and the price of things back in the day as well . I never saw the first issues of Mad since they were before I was born , so now it 's great to see how it evolved , and I still enjoy it today !
 This is great ! The Acrobat format takes some getting used to -LRB- for me at least -RRB- , but it is great and it means you can extract each issue if you wish -LRB- eg . if you own a palm top or something -RRB- . Some reviewers complained about the resolution . Let 's put it this way
 Its the best collection of MAD magazines out there and should not be missed by MAD fans.The PDF file quality is excellent and is easy to read and carry around in various gadgets.Its a steal for $ 33 at Amazon.Go get it !!
 This is a great DVD set . However , there are two separate Amazon listings with a lot of incorrect information . The correct description should state that Issues 1 through 460 -LRB- 1952-2005 -RRB- plus all special editions are included on ONE DVD . There is no version from this publisher that has TWO DVD 's . Both Amazon listings for this set state that there are 2 DVD 's . There is only 1 dual-layer DVD version that came out in August 2006 . For this Amazon listing , the description states that it includes Issues 1 through 460 -LRB- 1952 through 2006 -RRB- . However , Issue 460 is from December 2005 . The other Amazon listing provides the correct year range of 1952 through 2005 . This Amazon listing states that all issues are scanned in full color . They may be scanned in color , but Mad Magazine was only in color from from 1952 through mid-1955 -LRB- Issues 1-23 -RRB- . Then the magazine was in black and white through 1999 . In 2000 , the issues started combining color and black and white . By issue 460 , the issues were mostly in full color . The correct title for this set should be `` Absolutely MAD
 This is great . Absolutely great . Everything is here . It took me awhile to figure out where the extra 's from the Super Specials of the 60 's -80 's were . But the iron-ons , posters , stamps , stickers , and everything in-between can be found in the table of contents of those issues , and activated by just clicking on subject you want on the table of contents of the issue . The only problem was that when I couldnt find these , the help department of the company that made this was no help what so ever , and said that what I was looking for wasnt included . Which is far from the truth . But besides that complaint , everthing is as good as MAD can get ... hehe .
 I suppose I could have lived without it , but it was sooooo tempting that for fifty bucks , I could relive all the Don Martin -LRB- now deceased -RRB- cartoons , and the other silliness that made Mad the best magazine to read and laugh out loud while you did . It 's a lot easier to read a magazine than to scroll up and down -LRB- unless you have the ginormous monitor -RRB- but how many of those magazines have you saved from 30 years ago ? It 's there -- it 's available -- enjoy !!!
 What a great trip down memory lane . MAD Magazine was the source of all that was funny in my young life . My parents considered it a bit subversive , which made it all the more delicious and enjoyable . Great source of creative visuals and satire , I adored and was probably politically molded and shaped by the MAD bunch of Idiots ... and for that I owe them an incredible debt of gratitude.My only caveat , is the interface does n't offer a handy search to locate what my fading memories barely retain from my childhood enjoyment . However , sifting through the complete catalog , issue by issue , does unearth gems completely forgotten . The web is also a handy resource for such directories , so not much complaining here , just lots and lots of laughter .
 I always liked MAD magazine , and I could n't believe it was all on one DVD at such a low price ! CHEAP ! Started laughing the first issue that I opened up . It would really be something if all magazines could do the same , but I suppose they would charge hundreds of dollars for something similar , being the money grubbing chumps that they are !
 I just put Absolutely MAD on my iPad via DROPBOX . This is delightful ! Technology enables childhood obsession !
 Everything I wanted to see and read again is here ! The search mode made it fairly easy to find specific strips , parodies , cartoons , etc. , just by using a remembered name such as potrzebie or Joe Fonebone ! Now I can -LRB- well , maybe -RRB- throw out all those musty , yellowing , old issues . WORTH EVERY PENNY !!!
 I think it 's great . You can look at all of the old Mad Magazines that you grew up with and even the ones before you were born which are a totally different format . All in all it is worth the money .
 This was a gift for my son who is a big fan of MAD . He loved it and so did all of his friends . Arrived as promised .
 Absolutely MAD Magazine - 50 + YearsThis was an excellent buy ! I am thoroughly enjoying this product andwould recommend it to any MAD fan ! It 's good to catch up and to seethe old magazines I remember reading as a child . It was fun to goback down memory lane . Thanks MAD !
 Great idea to put 50 years of Mad in A DVD-rom . Now I can finally read the issues I missed out on , especially those that were printed before I learned how to read .
 I grew up with mad , and everything I remember is there . There was a glitch in delivery , but it was resolved quickly . I will be reading Mad magazine instead of working for weeks ...
 The only disadvantage is that this edition misses the fabulous index of the first attempt at publishing MAD on CD - the fabulous 6 CD set by Broderbund .
 this is a good addition to the 7 cd rom edition . i would recomend owning both . how about putting all the records and music on a hard disc for us insane collectors . great products !!!
 This is ABSOLUTELY a great way of sharing a magazine I enjoyed as a youngster an teen . What great memories and wonderful satirical writing !
 Fans of Mad Magazine , this is what we 've all been waiting for . Every issue from the first 50 years , on 1 cd ! This collection is a must for all Mad readers . The CD runs on Adobe reader , is categorized by decade/year and is very user friendly . All the tv and movie spoofs in glorious black and white ! Al Jaffee , Spy VS Spy , Don Martin and the usual gang of idiots are ALL here ! Count me Absolutely MAD about this product !
 I grew up reading Mad magazine and still have a few copies that are over 30 years old that are falling apart . This is a wonderful collection of over 600 issues on software , and its more that 50 years of goofy stuff from the `` Usual Gang of Idiots '' I just plug it in and pull up the year I want . It 's 53 years of Mad Magazine all on 1 DVD ~ ROM . Way too fun!I was glad it was for Mac.Absolutely MAD Magazine - 50 + Years
 My son subscribes to mad and I of course , read it in the ' 70 's . What a great gift for the whole family ! I find the adobe reader easy to access and see . Nice graphics and hours of viewing pleasure ! All the covers are here too . So , what ? Me Worry ? Not anymore because you can get absolutely every Mad Mag ever written in one place !
 Excellent quality copies of all or mostly all the original Mad issues through the years . It 's great to have all this stuff on one DVD.There was a problem getting the DVD to open on my Vista machine , but I managed to get it to work by uninstalling the latest Adobe . pdf program , and installing the version that comes with the DVD . Then I copied the . pdf files to an external hard drive for more convenience next time.Very fun , to look back through all those years , and remember what a bonehead I was as a kid!National Lampoon Magazine & Mad Magazine Complete Collectors Comic Books Collection Bundle
 First of all , this played perfectly on a Windows 7 machine , so it will work on Vista . Yep , all of the first 6 editions are here , fairly nicely accessible through the Adobe PDF interface . And the MAD fold-ins are clickable - click once and it shows you the folded up version -LRB- kinda cute -RRB- . BUT - having said all this , while it does indeed show the covers of the various special editions and compilations that came out over the years , it does n't have the bonuses that came with them ; no sound files , no cutouts -LRB- pity , they could 've been printed out -RRB- , no stickers , etc. . But a ton of this stuff is n't available anywhere else , including the books . All in all , it 's worth every penny of 25 bucks !
 I remember seeing the Broderbund edition of all the Mad Magazines from its inception to 1998 and kicking myself for years for not buying it . But now there is the entire collection on just ONE DVD ! My only complaint about the product is the packaging -- a large box for one DVD-ROM that is wedged in a little slot that could easily scratch the disc -- a small plastic jewel case to put the DVD would have been an improvement . Every MAD Magazine is here on this disc . The super specials are available , but only the parts that were new to the magazine , as these were compilations of previous issues . I started by looking at the issues that I remember owning as a kid that parodied TV shows like Charlie 's Angels and The Incredible Hulk and movies such as The Towering Inferno and Airport ' 79 . Then , I started looking at some of the issues that I had n't seen like The Poopsidedown Adventure and A Crockwork Lemon -- These were hilarious to read and well worth the cost of the DVD-ROM . And the great thing is that it will take me years to finish reading everything that is on this disc . Now if they would only put some of my other childhood favorites on DVD-ROM such as Cracked Magazine and Dynamite Magazine .
 This magazine started the same year I did . So the expectations for this products were high . PDF is the right format for this kind of project . You 'll need a dual layer DVD ROM - it 's a little over 7Gb in size . I 'm very happy with the product and I should know , since I grew up on this -LRB- ig -RRB- noble publication ! Congratulations to `` the usual gang of idiots . ''
 I really enjoyed the memories of MAD Magazine that this DVD brings back . I was a bit suspicious whether it really covered all the years it purported to , but indeed there is an attic full of mags in there . Every last one of them.However , the quality is n't that good . The JPEGs are pretty poor quality and so it can be hard to make out the details or sometimes the words , and the little cartoons in the margins that MAD is famous for are practically illegible -LRB- yes , a big word -RRB- . Not exactly hi-def -LRB- a small word -RRB- . On the practical side , the disc is searchable but frankly is a bit hard to do . `` Find the Spy vs Spy where the guy is going up the building and he says ` Aargh ' '' Computers need you to be highly specific and that seems hard with MAD material . If you do n't remember precisely what name they perverted `` Batman '' to , then it 's hard to search for all the Batman parodies . -LRB- Batsman -RRB- I never did the math to find out how much I paid versus 35c times how many issuesBut I ca n't say how much fun it is for an old guy to reminisce in all this MADness and to find some of the inspiration for my own view on life . However , maybe they should have put it in a DVD case that said `` Great Works of Winston Churchill '' and shipped it in a brown paper wrapper and tamper-evident plastic sleeve ...
 I , too , use iPad to read this collection via Dropbox . I post 2 or 3 issues at a time in Dropbox and the display is perfect for iPad . Would prefer a tad higher resolution in the scans , so only 4 stars . I can read everything , tho . As a subscriber in my yoot in the 70 's , this is a delightful collection . I highly recommend it for fans of the magazine .
 What can one say about the content ? It 's still funny after all these years.The scans are ok , not quite good enough to view a full page -LRB- or two , side-by-side on a widescreen -RRB- and easily read the smaller print . Not bad enough to knock a star off the rating , though . Then again , it could just be my poor eyesight.It was shipped in a book box , which is ok for books , less so for software boxes with lots of airspace . The box was a bit crushed but the dvd was undamaged.A big thumbs-up to the publisher for NOT using some elaborate copy-protection scheme . I can copy the dvd to my laptop for portability and leave the dvd safely at home .
 I have a couple of these pdf magazine collections on disc -LRB- National Lampoon , Archie Comics , Rolling Stone -RRB- As fas as quality goes , this is the best one I 've seen ! Picture image is very sharp and colorful , and the search feature is great!As soon as I loaded this disc , I had to check out the first issues . I had a lot of Mad paperbacks as a kid , and had not seen the classic work by Will Elder , Jack Davis , Wally Wood , etc in color before . All I can say is WOW ! It was worth buying this disc for the 1950 's issues alone ! The disc goes from 1952 - 2005 . I stopped reading the magazine around the mid 80 's , so there is a lot of material I have never seen before . Surprisingly , the more recent work is actually pretty funny - there seem to be several artists who did work for National Lampoon contributing to MAD now ! Overall , I am very satisfied with this purchase - I am going to get a lot of entertainment value out of this , and highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of MAD .
 this is a supurb way tohave the complete collection neat and undamaged and without loosing any of the collection!A larger screen is useful to make it easier to read -LRB- i have a laptop -RRB- but is not nessary because you can expand parts to any size.I am using vista so I do not know how it works with windows 7 .
 Just as I had hoped ... this disc is better than I do n't know what ... I had my intro to this mag some fifty years ago and I have never been the same since . The makers of this disc have done a very great service and I could not be happier .
 I still find this magazine funny , even after all these years . I used to read it when I was a kid and still laugh just as hard . Having said all this , while it does indeed show the covers of the various issues over the years that came out over the years , it does n't have the bonuses that came with them ; no sound files , and none of the cutouts , etc. . But a lot of this stuff is n't available anywhere else , including the books . All in all , it 's worth every penny if you are a fan ! First of all , this played perfectly on a Windows 7 machine , so it will probably work on Vista . All of the first 6 editions are here , fairly nicely accessible through the Adobe PDF interface . And the MAD fold-ins are clickable - click once and it shows you the folded up version - neat !
 I searching old boxes in my parents basement looking for childhood treasures , when I struck gold . An almost 30 year old copy of Mad Magazine . I could n't wait to dive right in . Then to my horror the magazine practically disintegrated in my hands . BOOO ! I said . I get a little compulsive in these situations and would not be denied rereading this exact issue of a magazine I had not set eyes on in decades . So I went to Amazon . I initially began looking for only the Mad issues that I remembered as a kid , mostly Star Wars related . As I began viewing the many different copies for sale , I realized I must have them all . Thankfully I came across this collection 50 + years of the magazine on 1 disc . I was thrilled and ordered it immediately . My intentions were to read a few issues from childhood memories and relive some youth . But upon putting this disc in , I instantly was transformed into a Mad Magazine junkie . I stayed up the whole night reading issue after issue . This product is awesome . It has everything you could want without having to collect and store stacks of magazines . The cost is CHEAP ! I almost paid the same for 8 original , not very good condition , magazines as I did for the complete collection . Highly recommended . I love this . I am MAD .
 Has everything mad ... Perfect for copying onto the ipad -LRB- which is exactly what I have done -RRB- . Format of the CD is that each year is in a directory , followed by each issue.File format for all issues is PDF . Full color if available -LRB- remember the early stuff was black and white -RRB- ! Filled a missed part of this 42 year olds life !!!
 I was a huge Mad Magazine fan back in the 70 's and early 80 's , that is until Rock music became my main point of interest . I lost touch with the magazine , and all the magzines I did have were lost . I 'm glad I purchased this DVD , it is incredible . The issues are clear cut on the screen and the print outs are great also . Navigation is easy as well . I 'm just starting to look at what this DVD has , but I would rather print them out and read them like a magazine , than read off of the screen . Well worth the money and if you 're any kind of Mad Magazine fan , it is well worth having this DVD .
 I have the older version of MAD , which is not from the same company . Kudos for this version in every respect but one -LRB- and I may be in error -RRB- . First , the old program suffers from a pain-in-the - -LRB- insert word here -RRB- interface , with no flexibility . This new version is all PDF . Transfer to your PDA and have fun !!!! It has some pretty good extras , like the covers of the paperbacks , which happened to be the only way we could get to see early stories like Starchie.I gave this 5 stars because of the ease of porting this from one PC to Mac to PDA . Now the big downer
 Wow . To think I have box after heavy box filled with old MAD Magazines in my house and even that only goes back to the 80s . Now I can toss all those out and just have everything on one coaster sized DVD -LRB- yes it is on one DVD desipite it mentioning two somewhere above -RRB- . But just kidding , I could never part with my paper copies , but still this DVD is a MUST HAVE for any MAD fan . I mean it has every single issue up through 2005 on it -LRB- so it is one year shy of being totally complete , but I guess they had to draw the line somewhere -RRB- . Still 52 years of a magazine on one DVD is pretty darn impressive.It is easy to get started too . Nothing to really install . After upgrading to Adobe 7.0 which is suggested , I was on my way . The interface is simple , you simply start with the decade you want , then narrow it down to a year , and then are presented with all the covers for the choices for that year . The regular issues are on the left and the specials on the right . I am not a huge fan of Adobe usually , but for this sort of product it does the job . It is easy enough to move pages , zoom in , etc. . However I did n't realize everytime I 'd look at a new issue , it opened a new tab on my bottom task bar . I must have had 30 + tabs open at one point . Oh well , such MADness . The way the Super Specials and other reprint issues are handled is OK . Instead of being able to flip through all 100 pages in a row like with the regular issues , you are only given the cover , contents , and any pages that were NEW material . All the previously reprinted material is available by clicking the link in the table of contents and you are taken to the issue it first appeared to view it that way . I suppose that makes sense rather than double and triple printing articles to save space . But just be aware , you ca n't page through the specials like you can the regular issues . The few Color Classics issues from the 90s and 2000s are intact however as those reprints were `` new '' since they were in color for the first time . Oh and on the regular issues you can also click on the content page listing to be taken right to a particualr article which is handy.I looked briefly at the extras and there a bunch of interviews , some animated Spy Vs. Spy moments from the early days of MADTV and some `` web only '' articles that have appeared over the years too . Seems like some good stuff to go back and check out when I have more time , especially the interviews . It would have been nice as the other review mentioned to have some of the classic MAD audio files , but I guess you ca n't get too greedy.For a little over $ 40 , to have 50 + Years of MAD on ONE DVD ... I wish I could go higher than FIVE STARS because this is a must have for all MAD fans . And even the packing is nice . Instead of a sleeve or even a plastic case , the DVD sits inside a fold out cardboard container designed to look like a MAD Book with several classic covers reprinted on it . So it will look great on a bookshelf or wherever you decide to display it.If you love MAD , you would be ABSOLUTELY MAD to NOT buy this DVD !
 Almost did n't buy this much desired product because of some negative reviews . I 'm glad I ignored them because this is everything I hoped it would be . If YOU FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS this DVD should work and look fine BUT you need to use Adobe 8 to avoid having to enlarge it to 150 percent -LSB- with A8 , 75 percent is all I needed to read it comfortably -RSB- I used Adobe 8 and got clear , crisp , clean as the original hard copy scan images and as I had the suggested programs running I found the DVD worked efficently . So enough of the cheap shots people when all fails ...
 I have read MAD off and on since the late 80s , but never more than a couple of issues in a row . I have enjoyed it every time I have read it , but it just kept slipping my mind . Recently , thanks to a reborn love of all things EC , I have started reading over the newer issues and the older issues . In one of the new issues , I noticed the `` Absolutely MAD '' DVD and came on Amazon to buy it.My one fear was that it would be incompatible with Linux . What information I found on it , though , showed it using PDFs and I figured that if I could n't read it on Linux then I could read it on my wife 's WinXP box.The results are slightly mixed . Using the Linux version of Adobe Acrobat at about 120 % zoom , I could see everything and generally read everything though some images were blurry and some words were harder to read than others . Using XPDF/KPDF I was able to get a clearer picture , but it did n't work too well on the two-page spreads and I had to page-up and - down to see them properly . I can extract the images from the file , and view them in an image viewer and they are crisp and clear , so it does not seem to be an image resolution problem but more of a PDF-to-screen problem.Again , none of the above problems stop me from being able to read through the comics/magazine , but it will probably not be until acroread 8 is available to Linux users before we can view it as crisp as it is extracted.Moving away from the technical to the content side , this is top notch stuff . If you like MAD humor there is nothing you wo n't like here . The evolution of Alfred , Spy vs Spy , the Marginals -LRB- which suffer the most from the resolution problems , by the way -RRB- , and all the other bits that make MAD special . The early issues with their distinct EC feel -LRB- and sometimes were more moral stories than humorous stories -RRB- . The beginnings and the adaptations of the `` spoof '' stories . The move to a magazine format where it ceased to be 4 main stories and a couple of text stories and became more along the lines of articles . I went through a few years of the mag and I feel sad that I was n't able to keep up before now.And , as a bonus to me , I am getting to see the original -LRB- 23-24 I think -RRB- issues in nice color for the first time . I have seen time worn colorized copies and the b & w ; reprints from about a decade ago , but seeing them in color again is a treat.I do definitely recommend this and I can vouch that it shows up with most any PDF viewer from the past few years though the image quality will depend on some settings on your own computer .
 For those of us who 'd grown up with Mad Magazine , the kind who ran to the variety story on the corner looking for every new issue -LRB- sometimes paying , sometimes not -RRB- and grabbed those special edition paperbacks off the racks -LRB- again , sometimes paying ... -RRB- , ABSOLUTELY MAD MAGAZINE
 This DVD is solid -LRB- yeech ! -RRB- gold !!! As an owner of the original `` Totally Mad '' CD-Rom , I must say that the ability to jump between decades without switching discs makes this DVD a MUST-HAVE . The packaging is beautiful -LRB- unlike other GIT offerings -RRB- , and . PDF formatting means you can move around or send as many or as few issues as you like to other machines . As a laptop user , I do n't want a disc constantly spinning in the drive ; it heats things up , AND eats battery life . With the . PDF 's , just drag a year or two of issues onto the HD , and you 're set.One thing I did notice is that the search function scans the actual TEXT in the magazines , as opposed to the `` Totally Mad '' set , which had a search function that seemed to be compiled by a much more `` in-the-loop '' individual or group of individuals . For example
 The image quality of the MAD magazine issues presented in this DVD has been discussed in other reviews . While it is true that many of the scanned images lack clarity and focus , most of the image quality of the first 23 color MAD comic books is outstanding.I grew up reading these classic comic panels in the Ballantine Books paperback series
 I remember scraping together pennies and nickles from my paper route to buy the magazine with the homely character on the cover -LRB- $ .50 , Cheap ! -LRB- where 's the cent symbol on this keyboard ?!? -RRB- -RRB- . It always had me laughing . It is here that I leaned the meaning of the word satire.I was also astonished when , during a parent meeting , one of my Catholic High School teachers actually RECOMMENDED that we read MAD magazine -LRB- I think he was trying to stear us away from National Lampoon -RRB- . Whatever , this magazine is still enjoyable , and I have passed the tradition down to my teenage son.I now must sift through the actual advertisements , and I do miss Don Martin 's unique views of the world . But the new MAD still entertains.How can you go wrong with 50 years of MADness for only $ 50 -LRB- Still Cheap ! -RRB- .
 Wonderful!No strange software/driver/player to install
 Think of it as less than $ 1.00 a year!what more could you ask for?Works well on every PC I have viewed it on ! No technical problems here.A GREAT value ... . browse every issue of mad you missed while you were growing up .
 I have always been a fan of Mad since I was a boy . Sadly where I live Mad is a banned commodity and not allowed . When this came out I was jumping for joy all over the house !! I could not believe it that I can actually go back in time and relive what was missed.From time to time I would print specific pages issues that really should be read over and over . Like the star wars special color editions . I had to back this DVD up on several places just in case I loose it . All in all u must get this if u just want to laugh and laugh and laugh !
 I used to enjoy Mad Magazine back when my children were teen-agers . Now my grandchildren are in college and beyond , but I am still able to enjoy it , thanks to this wonderful DVD.Len
 This is the worst product I have ever viewed . I have spent at least 12 straight hours checking . I intend to spend another 14 hours tomorrow , just to be sure . If it takes me weeks or months , I will get to the bottom ...
 the contents of this dvd rom are excellent but be careful not to scratch or smudge the disc because you might then soon enough have to send it off to get repaired somewhere . dvd roms are much more sensitive to damage than cd roms are . it 's a very delicate medium , unfortunately .
 Came in about 8 days - plenty of time to send to my brother for Christmas . Was new in package .
 Nice to have everything complete . Little hard to read sometimes , especially the black and white issues . Definitely recommend it to the real Mad-fan .
 I 've been reading Mad Magazine since the age of 4 . It 's always been wonderfully subversive . I 'm so glad to see all the old issues in one place .
 Great collection . Read this stuff for years as a kid . Nice to see it all together .
 I just recieved this lovely item in the mail today and I see just a few things wrong with it . The magazines are all in pdf format so for me it 's a little difficult to navigate ... but I 'll get the hang of it eventually . It 's a great magazine and a great buy for the money if you LOVE mad and have to have ALL the issues through 2005 , but I would suggest if you already have the older version of mad on cd-rom then stick with that until you are through and then switch to this one to read the rest . I love the fact that when you put the disc in it actually seperates the magazines into decades for you and it also seperates the special issues from the regular issues . PDF format is ok for some people , but I liked the way the other version handled just fine .
 I 've been visiting all sorts of used book stores to build my collection , so when I saw this reviewed in a magazine ... I had to get it . Great stuff for anyone who grew up reading this print form equivalent of the Daily Show . And the fact that it is all in PDF allows usage beyond an operating system . The back page folds as well !!
 I 've always enjoyed reading Mad Magazine . Now I read those issues I missed over the years .
 This item was a gift for my 14 year old daughter , who requested it for her birthday . She seems to like it .
 I started reading MAD in the mid 70 's when I was 9 years old . I still buy a copy every once in awhile . I bought this DVD so I could have all of 'em together without dragging all those boxes out of the hall closet . Plus I do n't have all the issues so I can see what I 've missed over the years . I think the reprodution pretty good . I admit some of the images could be a little sharper , but some are probably scans of the original prints -LRB- print shops did n't back up plate images to discs 50 years ago -RRB- so therefore the color and register are n't perfect everywhere , but that 's kind of authentic because you 're seeing the magazine just like you would if you bought it off of a news stand way back when . I would have been nice if they had included a gallery of all those little cartoons they used to put around the borders as they are kind of hard to see on my computer screen without blowing them way up . All in all a good quality product and a must have for MAD fans . Also , it would be nice to see a disc with stuff from all of those MAD paperback books I used to collect . I realize a lot of the content in the paperback was just reprints from the mag , but there 's quit a bit of original stuff in them as well .
 I grew up with Mad magazine and loved every second of reading them . Unfortunately , I never had the foresight to save the past issues . I do recall cutting out many illustrations for various school purposes , though.Here I have found a dream come true . Every issue on disk , including many from before my viewing years , so I can check out the history of the mag as well.Some of the jokes are dated , some politically obscure , but all of the movie and tv parodies are as funny now as they were then.A terrific **** -LRB- out of 5 -RRB- find that I heartily endorse . The only caveat is that quality viewing may be limited to your monitor size . If it 's big , you 'll be able to read small print , but if it 's small you 'll have to blow it up to view and that can get tiresome quickly . You 'll have to scan left to right , up and down to see whole pages . But even so , I find it well worth it just to have these treasures .
 It is 50 years of MAD , a must own for any fan . Its like having every issue , plus you can search for things . Brings back many good memories .
 I have loved Mad Magazine since I was a young tot on my mother 's knee . My uncles used to buy them to read and I would sneak their copies as soon as I could steal them . I actually remember a particular issue featuring Batman from the early 70 's . Now having 53 years of Mad Magazine at my finger tips is a dream come true . I just hope it does not take another 53 years for the rest of the issues to appear on DVD.Thanks for making me MAD
 Warning this DVD will drive you MAD ! Have been a fan of Mad Magzine since my teens , had a large collection at home , but I had to leave them when I moved out of the country . Now I can carry my collection and lots more whereever I go.The DVD is 50 + carat gold .
 This is the must-have item for any fan of Mad Magazine -LRB- especially if you 're like me who 's collected them over the years and watched them disappear over time by age , moms , girlfriends , wives , and finally your own kids discovering them -RRB- . The format requires nothing but Adobe -LRB- and it comes with that -RRB- so if you bought the collection years ago that quit working because they were n't compatable with anything past Win 98 , you 've nothing to fear with this collection !
 I can now finally forgive my mother for tossing out my collection of Mad Magazines that were cluttering her garage after I joined the Navy in 1979 ! Now I have ALL of them and could n't be happier !
 If you are nutty and enjoy Mad , well these back issues will not disappoint.They have all the zany comedy that we have all grown to love.Enjoy
 I downloaded this onto my iPad for a few workplace chuckles at Lunchtime when I am away from wifi . Downloading from DVD to iPad via iTunes was Not an easy process . I really hate iTunes for that . I enjoy the wacky Movie Satires , and all the oddball cartoons . 50 bucks is a bit steep , but where else are you going to get all the past issues of this unusual satire magazine ?
 Okay , I 've been fighting spyware , adware , mal-ware , etc , for over a year now.Started with Xcleaner , then added Spysweeper , now addedSpyware X-terminator . -LSB- FYI , This product -LRB- Spyware X-terminator -RRB- appears to bea re-labeled package of PESTPATROL.Which is fine , as the price is CHEAPER when labeled asSpyware X-terminator , than it is when labeled as Pestpatrol -RSB- . Anyway , as of now , June 2004 , I ca n't find any SINGLE product that does it all.I give Spysweeper 5 stars and I give Spyware X-terminator 5 stars.Both are great products , but each seems to find a couple items that the other does n't . Personally , if you can afford it , I 'd get both.Mal-ware -LSB- including Spyware , adware , unwanted cookies , etc -RSB- has many ugly faces and you need to detect and destroy as many of them as you can.Xcleaner was my very first anti-spyware package . But it is a multi-purpose tool , but does n't have the depth of detection abilities that Spysweeper and Spyware X-terminator do .
 This has to be the best spyware out there , ease of use and catches 100 % of the pests that are out there . I have tried so-called freebies such as `` spy-bot '' and `` Adaware '' but theyre NOT in the same league . So i guess you get what you pay for .
 This was my big Christmas gift this year and I noticed that the rating of it is only 2 stars , primarily because it does not allow the user to copy it and install it in a variety of PCs or to share with friends . Fair enough ... but what about the program as a way to learn the language ? 1 -RRB- The most important element for me is that the immersion method is a fun way to learn ; instead of being given translations of words or phrases , you `` discover '' the language , just like a baby discovers language .2 -RRB- This game like approach , of looking at alternatives and guessing and slowly building up your skills , keeps me coming back for more , which I think is an important step towards making progress and learning the language .3 -RRB- The actual software installed very smoothly and easily and the USB headset/microphone has been very useful and without problems -LRB- I was worried about drivers and incompatibilities , but there have been no issues -RRB- . It has some fairly powerful speech recognition capabilities and it is very good at giving me feedback on my pronunciation of Italian . Again , I had fairly low expectations in this area and I was very pleasantly surprised that it all works as advertised.To supplement the software , I have also gotten a dictionary and a couple of books on grammar and I make occasional use of AltaVista 's Babelfish translation . Depending on how you learn , you may or may not need additional resources such as these , but I find as an engineer , that in addition to the immersion method I like the handholding of some structure and rules provided by a bit of grammar/syntax on the side.All in all , I 'm very happy with this software and I highly recommend it .
 I am an American native speaker , was a Spanish major in college , lived in Madrid for about a year and a half and am -LRB- well , WAS -RRB- fluent in Spanish . I love Italy and have faked my way through Italian trips with my spanish for years . And then my husband ordered Rosetta Stone . It 's wonderful ! I 'd heard about it for years , but had no idea that this system was so intuitively exciting . It 's more fun than playing Freecell , or other addictive games on the computer!The system -LRB- an immersion approach , with picture recognition and hearing native speakers -RRB- is so natural , I could n't believe it . I 've done about half the first level and I find myself out on a walk and making up fun-sounding little italian phrases and sentences in my head . The teaching system is logical , gradual , progressive , challenging , exciting , quickly paces , never boring , and plain fun . I love the tapes for the car . My husband and I are both using it and we both love it.There are two negative reviews -LRB- here and on the level 1 & 2 software -RRB- , both of which I find insubstantial . The one here complains , in essence , that you ca n't steal the software and give it away to your friends ! That 's fine with me . It 's licensed for one computer , but you can have lots of users using that one machine . If you 're honest and respect intellectual property rights , that wo n't be an issue for you.The second negative review asserts that the set-up is difficult for MAC users . I have a two iMACS -LRB- and am a 25 year PC user who just switched , so I 'm completely PC oriented -RRB- and have just installed it on one of my machines . The installation was easy , flawless and the software works beautifully . The person who complained had a very sophisticated system and had trouble with some of his intricate settings . I am an Apple neophyte and trust me , for those of us with plug-and-play systems , this is a plug-and-play program . MAC users - do n't worry ! Get the software and start having fun .
 I bought to learn for a trip . I have done 2 lesson plans and am retaining everything thus far . I love the way the program works .
 Used this program in preparation for a business trip to Italian-speaking Switzerland and I was amazed at how easy the process was . The interface worked great ... I now understand why Rosetta Stone is regarded so highly among people trying to learn a foreign language .
 Rosetta Stone is the best language system for learning a foreign language ! They guide you through real-life situations and you learn through observation , listening and practising with the headset . The Rosetta Stone method is really great for acquiring the language skills . It is informative and entertaining at the same time . Use it if you need to improve your Italian for your job , language studies or just for making yourself understood when traveling to Italy .
 I 'm a long-distance bicyclist and this program is a lot of help -- and a lot of fun ! -- in mapping out rides I have done , do regularly , or want to do . The maps come up quickly and the detail is fantastic , very accurate ; click the proper button and street/road names come up to help you orient yourself . Clicks easily between detail levels of mapping . The elevation profiles are really helpful for a cyclist or hiker . There 's a learning curve that could be easier , but all in all , it by far beats the online mapping programs I have used . Makes me wish I had a GPS so I could use all those features , as well . Highly recommended for people who have time and inclination to learn the program .
 I gave the Back Roads Explorer Computer Program as a gift , and he loved it ! It really is perfect for the outdoorsman/fisherman/hunter / hiker who is interested in TOPO maps , elevation , and location . It also has a ton of `` extras '' like route planners , flag labels to list where you 've been or where you 're going , and upload capability for personal photos and notes . Maps are easy to download on your GPS system , too !
 I have some of the national geographic state topo maps , and they do print a little prettier than these , but these will give you an overlay with the street names . They have all the detail of the USGS topo maps plus the streets . For $ 50 I think it is the buy of the century .
 this game is really fun and it lets you imagine the way you want to . i recommand it . its not short its as long as you make it to be you can even put food commercials and have a special guest . you have very little to choose from the commercials and special guest but who cares i dont mind you shouldnt neither !!!! buy it you can make like 100 cartoons and it would save em all . warning : addiction may occure . : - -RRB-
 Another product for my artistic daughter and son . They both love it!It is very basic , with pre-made drawings and characters , but still some flexibility in free-style cartoon making and drawing.If you have a young budding cartoonist who likes Disney , and is learning the computer , you ca n't go wrong with this software !
 You 're not getting a program , but a service that you may or may not find useful . What it is
 Stuffit is mainly used to extract SIT files . SIT files are the MAC user 's choice for zipping files . So a compressed SIT file that lands in on a Windows OS must use this package if you want to extract the SIT . There are no two ways about it . This is all there is for that job on a Windows OS.Stuffit extracts MAC SIT files to Windows PC . That is basically it but Stuffit can also zip PC files for the MAC . So sending a MAC user a SIT file from a PC is a pretty cool thing to able to do . Stuffit is what you need for all that . Nothing spiffing incredable about it . It just works with SIT files . Either completely useless to you or a lifesaver .
 Aptly called the Quark-Killer , InDesign rocked my world the first time I used it -LRB- version 1.5 -RRB- . There was almost no learning curve for me , because of the familiar Adobe interface . My only complaint at that time was that it was a bit sluggish -LRB- this was improved greatly with version 2.0 -RRB- . I would like to address some negative features I have seen reviewed with InDesign .1 . Type styles . In a Postscript workflow , menu styling of fonts -LRB- such as used in Quark and Pagemaker -RRB- is an abomination . If there is no italic variant available for a font , then the last thing you want is for your DTP software to `` fake it '' . It produces horrible results in a professional workflow , such as font defaulting . The fact that InDesign only lets you use italic or bold if the font is designed to do so is a blessing , not a curse , and will hopefully bring to an end years of agony for pre-press professionals .2 . Optical kerning . This -LRB- again -RRB- is designed to function properly in a postscript printing environment . If you are proofing with a non-postscript printer , it would probably be better to create/export a PDF file from your InDesign document , and try printing from that . Keep in mind that InDesign is professional software and is designed with a professional -LRB- postscript -RRB- workflow in mind .3 . Image resizing . Images can easily be resized within a text frame by using the white selection arrow -LRB- similar in function to Illustrator -RRB- . If you click a placed image in an object frame , it will select the stuff INSIDE the box . You may then apply any sort of transformation or scaling that is necessary . The black selector arrow is for selecting page objects and containers .4 . Collecting for output . This is FAR more advanced than anything Quark -LRB- or Pagemaker -RRB- has been able to do . This neatly collects ALL linked files/images and fonts and puts them in an organized folder . Quark often collects incorrect fonts -LRB- if it gets them at all -RRB- and occasionally misses links.I work at a university that specializes in the professional arts -LRB- such as graphic and multimedia design -RRB- . Usually when I demonstrate to a student -LRB- or teacher -RRB- the features and ease-of-use of InDesign , they usually pick it up very quickly and eagerly . After they get used to using it , most complain about having to use Quark thereafter.Overall , fantastic software for graphics professionals .
 I 'm currently studying graphic design and have learned InDesign before learning Quark , and the differences amaze me . InDesign is by far the better product
 This product has to be the most amazing page layout program ever created.The features literally overflow and present you with virtually unlimited options for complete creative freedom . The new transparency effects are unbelievable for a dedicated page layout application . This cuts down dramatically the need to switch between photoshop for applying effects such as drop shadows , feathering etc.Adobe has really outdone themselves with this one , and anyone who believes QuarkXpress is still the best needs to take a serious look at this . Quark 5 is better than quark 4.1 but still doesnt come close to this level of brilliance.The PDF output is absolutely first class , and preserves every aspect of the document from finely graduated transparency effects to the brilliant typography.This is a major bonus for users who publish detailed PDF files , and this makes proofing before printing an absolute pleasure.For such brilliance you would expect to pay a lot more than $ 699 and at this price this product is an absolute bargain for any self respecting creative professional .
 Previous negative reviews mentioned linked text files -- I ran into this once , asked on Adobe Forums how to fix it , and someone provided me almost instantly with a little script that `` embeds '' all my text files instantly with one click . Another way to avoid it is to copy and paste your text rather than placing it.Resizing images ? Easy ! You can resize the frame and fit to the frame , resize the image and fit the frame to the image , you can resize both simulatenously , you can even create a star-shaped frame and place an image into it ! Your frame can have a feathered or rounded edge if you want , etc. . I 've never had a problem resizing images quickly and easily.Type styles
 I 'm a beginner at layout programs and even though the interface is very similar with Illustrator and Photoshop it took me quite a while before I understood that in order to change the color of the gradient slider from greyscale I had to mix the gradient swatch in the swatches palette and that I needed to add colors that I wanted to use in that palette and not on the color palette ... a few of the learning tasks took a bit longer , cause I was used to finding them elsewhere ! We 're getting along better now and I am amazed at the way that ID works with type , Open Type in particular - all these things that you can do with OT , wow ! Then being able to use transparency is great and not needing to go back & change the original files is great ... and when you do need to do that you just choose in Id to open the file in PS or Illustrator - very fast , you edit them , you save and they update automatically in ID ! And not only is ID easy to use with Adobe products but also with Microsofts office products - being able to bring in tables from word or excel and keep the formatting . Because ID happens to use all these `` Heading 1 '' etc , that we are used to seeing in the office products as well , they are exactly the same in both ID as they are in Word and the rest of the office suit!There has been an update to ID as well -LRB- 2.0.1 -RRB- that solves some printing issues . Keeping that in mind and that Adobe listens to their customers I think it is well worth the switch from Quark . However I am a PC user , so I 've never had to consider Quark . And comparing ID to Pagemaker ... na they are not meant for the same thing and ID has a lot more control .
 I find this so easy to use and powerful for all the publishing I have to do , print & Web . Highly recommended !
 InDesign does n't need any help from me , but the negative review below was a little annoying . The writer does n't seem to have tried very hard to learn the program . A -RRB- ID does support bold and italic for fonts that have the style -- that 's what `` character styles '' are for . Those who prefer `` fake fonts '' should n't be using a high-end typesetting program . B -RRB- Image resizing is done by percentages -LRB- context menu in Windows , not sure about Mac -RRB- . It takes a bit of math , but it allows you to size images _ precisely _ . C -RRB- If you insist on using EPS output , the `` Package '' command sends all the linked files to CD , but PDF is a better option most of the time . D -RRB- Who leaves all the palettes turned on ? Merge or hide them and save your setup .
 I admit , I 'm one of those terrible , hated Mac users ... . the type that adopted only AFTER OS X came into existence because OS 9 could not compete with what was available for PC ... Still , when I switched -LRB- and I 'll never go back -RRB- , a lot of products were n't yet available for X , including InDesign . Since my primary occupation is copy-editing , that meant I had to have PageMaker 7.0 for OS9 ... I hated it . At the end of my last PM project , I downloaded the evaluation version of InDesign 2.0 and promptly fell in love.If Pagemaker seems kludgy , slow , buggy ... . switch . Eat ramen and Mac and Cheese for a month if that 's what it takes , but switch . You wo n't regret it if you have to do any type of editing or layout !
 This is thousand times better than QuarkXpress ! Easy to use and very efficient . Get this !
 I took Introduction to Graphic Design during my 3rd year of undergrad . Listening to lectures with step by step instructions on how to use the program left me feeling impatient , because I was able to learn how to carry out tasks by exploring on my own!I spent hours on my projects , not because it was hard , but because it was so much fun . Thanks to this amazing program , I got an A in the class -LRB- they do n't give out A + anymore =P -RRB- ! Now that I 've graduated and do n't have access to the college 's excellent computer lab , I feel like theres a hole in my life . No lie ! Yup . I 'll definitely be pinching pennies until I can afford it for my own PC !
 As a designer who has used Quark express for publishing and Adobe products to create , I was interested to learn more about this supposed `` Quark Killer . '' It offers all the tools you 're used to with Quark and adds everthing you always wished it had too . In Design offers not only multiple undo 's but also a history palette , which if you 've ever used a program with one you are well aware of it 's benefits . It gives you the flexibility of layers , tranparencies , user friendly tool palettes and even supports clipping paths . Now add the fact that it can read your old Quark files and you have many reasons to never use Quark again .
 InDesign has added professional capabilities that have not be available in of-the-shelf digital page layout
 When Steve Jobs announced that all the new 2003 Macs would only be able to boot in OS X , I figured it was time to step up to the plate , get oriented to the new OS and upgrade our art department . The only thing holding me back was not having a page layout app that ran natively in 10 , and I had no intention of working in Jurassic mode . I had heard less than positive things about InDesign 1.0 , but figured I 'd do the free tryout from Adobe , since it would give me the chance to test drive Jaguar in an all-Adobe environment.Talk about a revelation . This program 's ease of use had me creating usable projects inside of a week , and by the time the tryout expired , I had converted about 150 pages of our company catalog from the old Quark files . That was when I realized how much we truly needed this package . It was as if I 'd been using it for years . I could import files from Illustrator and Photoshop without having to save them as tiffs or eps . I could export press optimized pdfs without going through Distiller , that weighed in at a thrifty 4.5 mb ... . not bad when the Photoshop elements totalled over 50 meg ! The tables tool is extremely helpful ; it functions like a mini Excel , eliminating the need for tabs in charts . The text formatting is a breeze , the preview display looks great even at low quality , and proofs that I output to my inket printer look phenomenal . Just try doing that in Quark without getting nauseous . But wait - there 's more ... . layer support and blending modes , transparency , drop shadows , gradiated text , and the list goes on . We do n't need no steenking XTensions ... Adobe InDesign is , at the time of this writing -LRB- 11/02 -RRB- still the only layout app that runs natively in Mac OS X -LRB- despite Amazon 's claim that it is for OS 9 and below , why on earth would Adobe release something like that ?? -RRB- , thus completing the Holy Publishing Trinity with Illy and PShop . In a way , Quark has done us a favor by dragging their feet on upgrading , thereby giving us a chance to try out a tool that is so much better , more intuitive and integrated with the other tools we have to use . It 's as if Adobe stood back and observed all that did n't quite work about QXP -LRB- and that other abomination PageMaker which the company may just as well disavow -RRB- , and created an app that works beautifully without having to think about it too much . Whatever the case , the timing is right , and we Mac users really appreciate it.Adobe InDesign and Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar is , quite simply , a publisher 's marriage made in Heaven .
 My favorite features in InDesign 2.0 ? Creating baseline grids -LRB- to keep your columns of text aligned -RRB- is incredibly easy.A Glyph palette for browsing and inserting any glyph in a font , and a shortcut menu for quickly inserting special characters.Character Styles to augment Paragraph styles.OpenType Fonts can contain up to 65,000 characters and you can tell InDesign to automatically substitute swash characters , ligatures , ordinals , fractions , etc. , as you type . You do n't have to do all the work of using a different face for ligatures and swash characters , saving tons of time.Multiple undo/redo and automatic recovery of documents after a system or power failure.Transparency Easily apply drop shadows , feathering , and other opacity settings within InDesign . No more going back to a source file 's application for that . Soft edges are maintained when placing transparent Photoshop files ! Also maintain transparency in imported Illustrator files , as well as Acrobat 5.0 PDF files.Text on a Path Align text on a path in few quick steps , and apply special effects , such as Ribbon and Gravity.Tables are easy to create in InDesign . And you can , import styled Microsoft Word and Excel tables directly , or turn tab-delimited text files into tables in one step . Quickly reformat the look and feel of tables
 I expected just a dictionary with pictures and definitions , but it also has voice pronunciation and some good exercises to help studying . So I think it 's great . I did n't rate it five stars because I think it should have even more definitions . Maybe it 's a relatively new product and it will become more complete on future editions . Anyway , we are advised of the amount of definitions before making the purchase . Currently , this is the best visual dictionary I 've ever seen
 I ordered Startwrite on Tuesday and received it in the mail on Thursday ! Talk about great service . Ihave already begun using it with my four and six year old sons . I love the flexibility of the program - copywork , scripture memory , spelling words - the ideas are endless ! Thanks for making a great productavailable at an affordable price -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I 've been using this program for about two years now . It is so versatile . So many choices in making up worksheets . I love that I can tailor my daughter 's penmanship to what she really needs to work on . Specific letters , cursive , manuscript . Whatever she needs to work on and I can keep it at her level . I often make up worksheets with her spelling words , so she gets practice at both spelling and cursive at the same time.I also love all the font choices . We use Palmer Cursive , but there are many other choices as well . I highly recommend this product .
 Great product ! My 4 year old son excelled in writing his letters after we started using this software . It is super easy to print out what ever letters -LRB- or words -RRB- you want the kids to practice writing . I love how it will grow with my pre-schooler to elementary school when he starts writing sentences and paragraphs .
 From their site , I downloaded the trial version to see if it was worth it for my SN child who struggles with writing . Turns out there is a 6.0 out there with MUCH better features . I thought you could only trial the 5.0 , but you can do both So if you happen to have the 5.0 and want to upgrade , they have a special price . would highly recommend this product .
 This is a great educational tool . I bought it for my daughter because she was in kindergarten and having difficulties with handwriting . I found that I could use it for more than just handwriting , I can make sight word worksheets and select the words she is working on in class . I can use it to make math worksheets -LRB- and even add pictures to help her count , since there is a clip art file included . Since you have a choice of manuscript , and cursive I will be able to this software from for many grade levels . This software can be used also for crafts such as scrapbooking . I really think it is worth the money be all means . It is also hassle free , really easy to use . I would recommend it to any one . I am glad a former teacher friend told me about it.StartWrite Handwriting Software 5.0
 This product came recommended by a friend , and boy was she right . It is so painfully easy to use - I was able to start creating copywork for my kiddos immediately . The only thing I wish it would do -LRB- and this could be user error ... -RRB- is I wish that you could mix & match the style of lettering on a page ... my pre-k child still needs to trace the dotted letters , but I would also like to have the regular lined letter to present next to it as well . Still , an excellent product . And I had the product within two days !
 Kai 's Photo Soap 2 shows how to perfect your picture ! You can edit it because of common problems -LRB- red eye , scratches , fading , etc. -RRB- or create your own unique picture by cloning and more ! Also , you can make a calendar and organize a digital photo album . By Kai 's Photo Soap , its definitely worth it !
 Kai 's photo Soap is a great product to use to touch up your scanned images , digital photos and especially restoring old photographs . When using this software , it gives you great control as to touching up , clone painting . The tools you work with feel just like you were using a paint brush , eraser , pencil , whatever you are using . It is especially good to use when you are working with an old photograph that is very badly scratched . You can zoom in and clone paint from another source in the photo and once you 're done you would never know there was a scratch there .
 I recently purchased the Route 66 screensaver and fell in love with the vintage signs , buildings and the representation of Route 66 . I have never been on this highway but viewing this screensaver and visiting the website I was more than hooked . Not only does is this screensaver author photographically talented , he is quite the captivating writer as will be shown if you visit his website bygonebyways.com . There is much information of his travels and was a very entertaining read . I hope you all enjoy it as much as I did !
 I enjoy the variety of this CD . Wide vistas to close-ups of defunct neon signage . The photographer seems to have made a special effort to not give you all of the same thing . And I love the shot of the horses by the old cliff wall signage . Makes me want to take another trip to the SW . Just wish it was of the whole route ...
 So far this seems to be a great product ! A lot has changed since I was an undergrad in the days before the internet . I particularly like the way EndNote will retrieve data automatically for references from its on-line libraries . Highly recommended for any student writing a thesis or dissertation !
 You know , it 's too bad indoor baseball is n't played anymore . Back before the advent of decent outdoor lighting people played most night games indoors and it was a much faster and more dynamic game , because you did n't have to worry about out of hte park home runs . This guide was interesting because it has all the stats and rules of the game , that I can remember watching when I was a child . Well worth it .
 To be honest before I bought this I did n't even realize there was such a thing as indoor baseball so I got it mostly to learn about it . I 'm a big fan of conventional baseball so I figured I 'd give it a shot.It 's interesting and full of the same sorts of stats you 'd find in a normal baseball guide - and it has the rules - which is good since there obviously ca n't be an out of the park homerun in indoor baseball.It 's pretty much the same game with a few twists for the smaller area - people got a lot more runs - and I think it would be exciting if they started indoor baseball up again .
 I bought this as a supplement program for homeschooling my children . All four of my children love the ease of this program , it is very user friendly . I love the quizzes at the end of each section , that way you know if the kids are actually paying attention to the lesson . Great product , I would definitely recommend to anyone with children , whether they go to public school or homeschool .
 I bought the game for my 11 year old grandaughter who lives in a different state . I could not find it at local stores so Amazon as always had it.My grandaughter and a best friend spends time with their pets . They feed and play with the pets.She loves the game.I would buy it again.Rosalie Farber
 This game offers game play with no end , there is not only mini games where you can win prizes ... but you also can play fetch and many other games with your petz . You can breed mixed dogs or purebred ... and can even do selective breeding.Beyond the game
 awsome.you can dress cats and dogs , feed them play with them , and best of all become a fake virtual breeder and breed genarations of new petz!a must get , its no babyish , its just plain great !
 I have petz5 and I LOVE it ! I have 44 animals ! And I love them all ! I will play for hours at a time ! When my mom says stop I ca n't ! I would play this nomater what ! I LOVE PETZ5 ! I hate when my little brother plays ! I want all the other games too !! I got it for christmas and loved it ever since !
 I only played this game at my friend 's house for awhile , but I really liked it . I could tell she liked it too b/c she kinda hogged it ! I am planning on buying it pretty soon , but I really liked it for the fifteen minutes I played it . It has great graphics , and the sound effects are hilarious . Great game .
 I think this game is really cute . My daughter played it at a friends house and used her birthday money to buy it from Amazon . We got it today , and i think it is fun and at the same time , educational .
 This game is the best game i have ever gotten ! I 've had this game for a while now but it 's still so much fun ! I think it 's the best game out of all the petz games . You get to have dogz and catz ! There is lots of great items in this game too . The newborns that you can breed are sooo cute ! You should definately get this game ! I do n't know why those other people who rated it one star do n't like . It 's fantastic ! You should definately get this game !
 I had a feeling my 5 year old daughter would enjoy this game - and boy ! I was right on with that one ! She plays with her dogs and cats every day , taking time to feed them and give them attention , dressing them up in costumes and playing with different toys . She learned very quickly that no two pets have the same personality and I 'm amazed at how much she has learned about responsibility from playing this game . She had a dog that actually ran away because she neglected him and she learned a big lesson from that . An excellent precursor to owning a pet for real , especially for a youngster who loves animals . She 's so proud that she got an award from the `` adoption center '' saying she 's a good pet owner and now she has puppies from a mated pair of dogs that she adopted . It 's not an overly exciting game , but there is so much to do and it 's never the same thing twice . I highly reccomend this game for anyone with kids who want a pet or even if they just like animals .
 This game is so fun . I have been playing it for 5 hours strait and it still is fun !!!!! I have n't even eaten . I ` ts so addicting . tonight i am going to sneak out of my room to play it !!!
 I had fun playing this game . I think the dogz and catz are cute and fun to play with . I would highly recamend this game to any one .
 My mom bought me this game for Christmas years ago . I remember being skeptical at first -LRB- the pictures on the box are kind of ... misleading , I thought -RRB- , but nevertheless I loaded it up . I was hooked immediately . I thought it was so cute how you could write a little bio for your pets , feed them , dress them , play with them , and of course breed them . I loved playing with the newborn animals and giving them names and everything . Anyway , there is no higher praise I can give this game other than saying that I 'm 15 and still have an urge to play it ; it was that fun . It 's also great for creative types , as long as they are computer literate -- you can -LRB- though the game manual makes it clear they are n't responsible for any problems this causes -RRB- make your own animals and toys and things , or just download them from the -LRB- numerous , and STILL up and running -RRB- Petz 5 fan sites . Long story short , this is the kind of game that will never get old , and your kids will never outgrow . More than worth the price , and even a temporary substitute to `` MOM , CAN WE GET A DOG ? ''
 I LOVED this game when I was a teen , I would spend countless hours `` breeding '' and `` showing '' these Dogz and now my 4yo -LRB- who is very active and rarely sits still and quiet for long -RRB- will spend up to 2hrs playing with , `` dressing '' , and `` painting '' her Petz . It 's also great because it helps her with fine motor skills . Sure the graphics are n't as good as some of the new games -LRB- and there not bad considering how old this game is -RRB- but you can do so much more with this one which is ideal for keeping older kids entertained .
 This is perhaps the best game for those who ca n't have an animal in the house . The sounds are wonderful and I just ca n't seem to get enough of it . They run away when you use the spray a few times when they are being naughty since they know what 's coming . There are some glitches like the cat 's bowl moving when they 're eating and some small things . Looking past all that , this is one game you have to get for those who wish to have a cat , or a dog or both since the cats and dogs behave like real ones .
 Got this for my 10-year-old granddaughter for Christmas . She installed it herself , it seems to run fine with no problems . She loves the game , spends hours -LRB- more if I let her -RRB- playing it . Best of all , it is non-violent , and may even be educational !
 I 've had this game for a long time now , and I love it ! It lets you take care of your own virtual Petz , raise them , dress them up , play with them , and when they get old enough they can breed ! It can get boring but after taking a break for a few days you 'll be waiting to play again ! If you get bored with your old Petz you can go to the adoption center and adopt a whole new batch of Petz to play with . If you like to take care of cute animals this is definately a game to get !
 hey i am gon na tell you everything i know about dogz starting from beganing ! first you are at the kennal and you get to look at diffrent cats and dogs and you get to play with them ! you can give them milk and give them a bone or yarn and once you have choosen you put the owner name and your new dogs name ! than you can take them home and start by petting them and feeding them . you can give them a bath but all you do is turn the water on and put them in the tub and that is it ! you can give them a ton of clothes ! and brush them ! than you can give then toys and music boxes and other treats and also play games with them and teach the tricks in the temple ! its fun but it will get boring ! i have 17 dogs and its getting boring ! i am suggesting nintendogs ! i love and after 33 days , its still fun and i have six dogs . dogz is a good game but it can be way better !
 This is the best game . It makes you feel like you really have puppys . It always leaves you in suspence .
 Cons : The game is great , butI hate it when dogs or cats run away ! It makes me feel bad and petz should NOT run away ! Also the spay/neuter stuff stinks ! It is no fun for mom dogs to stay in the nursery . And this annoying `` you already have 20 pets '' thing at the adoption center is EVIL!Pros : The game is so cool traveling to different playscenes!The clothes are so cute and when the dogs/cats fall in love it is so sweet ! The toyz are awesome and the different breedz are cool.I reccomend this game BUT the runaway thing is trash !
 I got this game for my 2 girls -LRB- ages 6 & 3 -RRB- and they really love this game . They 're always telling me what new things they did with their `` Petz '' . One thing they really like is taking a picture -LRB- with you own camera -RRB- and then loading it to the game and using it as a `` playscene '' . They 've got their Petz playing in their room , at the Indianapolis Zoo , outside in the snow , etc.we have n't experienced any problems with the game . overall , a great game .
 I have 3 girls ages 3 , 8 and 10 . The two older ones were begging us for a Nintendo DS for Christmas with Dogz . This is almost $ 200 with a Dogz game cartridge!I found this on Amazon and it is the same game -LRB- even better because it has Catz too -RRB- at a fraction of the price . The kids love it . They have been on the computer every day since Christmas and I have even had to set a limit on the time they spend playing with these virtual animals or they would play with them endlessly . They name the animals , dress them , feed them . They even have litters of puppies and kittens ! Nice game . I would recommend to any girl -LRB- or boy -RRB- ages 5-14 .
 I purchased this game for my 13 year old daughter and it has provided her with hours !!!! of entertainment . We live on a farm and she really enjoys playing with the `` live '' animals . But on days when the weather is bad and she ca n't be outside , I can hear the realistic barking and meowing from the computer . She has so many petz that she has to ask me to help think of new names for them . Thank you for such a great product !
 I really like this game ! I love animals , so this is a great game to buy if you love animals too . I already have Dogz 3 , and I like that game also . This is a great game to buy if you do n't have any animals of your own , and want some . They do n't bark when you do n't want them to , and there is no litter to pick up . I really liked that you can breed your dogz or catz , and never know what they are going to look like , or how many , or what gender they are . It might get a little boring sometimes , but I always come back sooner or later . I also like all the new catz and dogz there are to choose from . I recommend this game to all animal lovers .
 I got petz
 I bought the game for my 11 year old grandaughter who lives in a different state . I could not find it at local stores so Amazon as always had it.My grandaughter and a best friend spends time with their pets . They feed and play with the pets.She loves the game.I would buy it again.Rosalie Farber
 awsome.you can dress cats and dogs , feed them play with them , and best of all become a fake virtual breeder and breed genarations of new petz!a must get , its no babyish , its just plain great !
 I have petz5 and I LOVE it ! I have 44 animals ! And I love them all ! I will play for hours at a time ! When my mom says stop I ca n't ! I would play this nomater what ! I LOVE PETZ5 ! I hate when my little brother plays ! I want all the other games too !! I got it for christmas and loved it ever since !
 I only played this game at my friend 's house for awhile , but I really liked it . I could tell she liked it too b/c she kinda hogged it ! I am planning on buying it pretty soon , but I really liked it for the fifteen minutes I played it . It has great graphics , and the sound effects are hilarious . Great game .
 Petz 5 is very fun . You adopt either a dog or a cat . You start out with several toys and treats and you collect and unlock more as you go to different playscenes and win them in these minature games . Even though the graphics do n't look as good as the graphics in ` Puppy Luv , ` there is more gameplay and more breeds . And in accordance with another review I read , no , you can not breed a cat and a dog to make a freaky hybrid !
 Grandkids first choice for gaming . Lives up to all expectations . Interactive fun and wonderful graphics make this the best overall choice for hours of entertainment for preschoolers and grade school kids of all ages .
 I have twin daughters , 11 years old . I have bought them a great number of computer games over the years . This game has brought them more enjoyment than all the others combined.The graphics are cute , although not overwhelmingly so by any means . The intertactivity is superb , and there are many cute features.I would suggest this for any child who loves animals , especially those that do not have dogs or cats . This was the best $ 20 I ever spent on them as far as entertainment value.I only wish they would come out with a 6th version . I would buy it at 5 times the cost .
 I got bored with this game fairly fast . However , I must say that my daughter loves it . Believe it or not , it has become an educational tool . She is four , and has learned how to navigate through some of the menus to choose different rooms . She has also learned how to choose a point on the screen with her mouse and click -LRB- by petting the cat and dog -RRB- , etc. . And all while having fun . The cat and dog fascinate her -LRB- even though we have three cats -RRB- . The digital animals do n't run from her , she can dress them up , give them baths , etc. . I suggest this program over the other , separate versions , because you can have both the cat and the dog on at the same time without a whole lot of added expense.Supposedly , the cats and the dogs each have kittens and puppies when they grow up , ala Sims . We have had the cat and the dog together for a month or so . No cat/dogs yet . Would n't that be cool , though ?! Update 12-18-05
 The sounds that the animals have is terrific ! Each animal has his/her own personality , and it is amazing ! The graphics are n't realistic , but they are cute and cuddley non-the-less . I have been glued to the game ever since I got it ! If you love animals , this is great , and if you are alergic , and ca n't have animals this would make a great Christmas present , wink wink ! This is overall a five star game !
 This is a good game for kids to relax to . I often hear my son -LRB- age 7 -RRB- laughing at things he does with the animals . He gets bored with it after a few days but always comes back to play it again . Definately a good game for small kids .
 This game is very worth the $ $ $ $ ! You can do all kinds of things . it includes new play scenes , new breedz , etc. . And now your petz can have up to 4 babiez . There are many more cool things and if you want to find out what they are you should buy this game it rocks !
 My daughter who is 7 loves this game , however when the petz have a litter of puppies/kittens the game crashes and will not work . My husband has to uninstall and then reinstall the software . When this happens we lose the new litter :-LRB- Ca n't find a fix ...
 My 6 yr old daughter got this game for Christmas and she just loves it . -LRB- My 8 year old son likes it too . -RRB- It is easy for them to use and even though we have lots of live animals for them to play with they enjoy being responsible for their cyber pets too !
 I remember this game from when I was just a pre-teen , but I found this package on Amazon and absolutely had to have it ! Be warned if you want to get this game -- it does work on Windows 7 , from what I can tell so far , but it is quite glitchy if the resolution on your screen is not low enough -LRB- mine was set too high , so none of my pets had faces , which had me quite horrified -RRB- . I have heard that when a pet gets pregnant , the game stops working . I have n't had this one on Windows 7 long enough to know whether that 's true . I do know that never happened when I had XP , but it may be different on a later system.On to the actual gameplay instead of technical issues , this can get quite boring if you play it all the time . However , I 'm ready to go ahead and end this review just so I can play . See ya !
 this game is the coolest game !!! I love it so much you can adopt as many animals as you want ! it is great for any great animal lover !
 I purchased this product for my Granddaughter 's 12th birthday . It was shipped promptly and arrived quickly and in excellent condition . She had this software previously and loved it . Unfortunately , she loaned it to a friend , and it has now disappeared . She will receive this copy day-after-tomorrow , and I know she 'll be really excited . She really wanted a new copy badly , so I 'm happy to be the one to give it to her . I would recommend this product for anyone with a child who ca n't have a pet .
 It 's a real fun game for my 12 year old and my 4 year old . They can have as many virtual pets as they want and they love choosing between cats and dogs . Several months after first playing it they 're still finding new surprises and enjoying watching their pets learn and change . Every once in a while the game crashes though ... I 've yet to discover why , though . It never happens when I 'm watching and the kids ca n't seem to tell me what they were doing with the game at the time it crashes so trouble-shooting it has been tricky where that 's concerned . Could be a game glitch , could be something my kids are doing -LRB- too many pets moving around at once or something ? -RRB- . But in all this game 's worth the price . Loads of fun .
 This is the best petz game ever ! You can get both dogz and catz ! They both can play together . They fall in love and make the most adorable puppies or kittens ! You should definatly get this game ! It 's GREAT !
 This game is really awesome ! I bought it for my daughter.She thinks she 'll be addicted to this game . The animals are really cute ! The only thing she does n't like is that you can only see two pets at one time . Yes you can have more pets , but you can only see two -LRB- of your choice -RRB- pets out of their kennels at once . Other than that it 's really neat !!!! We recomend it to so many people who do n't have a dog or cat , and those who do !
 My grandkids really love this game . They had been playing an older version of Petz but when we upgraded to Windows XP it did n't work anymore . They are delighted that Ubisoft has made a version for XP . This is a great way to keep the little ones occupied .
 I LOVE this game ! I really enjoy creating my own breedz by breeding other petz ! If you love animals , this game is for you !
 This game is a perfect game for anyone who loves pets -LRB- aka petz -RRB- When me and my sister got it for x-mas we installed it quick and easy . It was so fun making our own breeds . We made some really cute catz and some really cute dogz ! You should buy this game if you do n't have any pets or if you would just like to have lots of fun ! Here 's what I 'll have to say to you , if you do n't buy this game , you 're missin ' out on LOADS of fun ! - An 11 year old girl
 I 've played the original Petz series since I was a kid when it first came out , back in 1997 . I have always enjoyed these games , and been involved in the online Petz Community since the beginning . There is more to this game than just playing the game by yourself . With all of the amazing forums out there you can join in the fun with other members . That , to me , is what makes this game so fun . The fan base and the community ! There are so many talented and skilled members and users out there that have created many awesome things for the game to make the experience better -LRB- keep in mind that if you participate in using altered content that you are voiding your warranty and such -RRB- . There are hundreds and hundreds of new and better looking breedz out there now that you can get -LRB- both realistic and fantasy alike -RRB- , not to mention toyz , play scenez , clothez , utilities to help make the game more fun , etc. ! You can put your petz up for adoption at these sites and forums and have other people adopt them , as well as adopt from other people . You can also enter showz , contestz , and other things at these forums and sites . It is really a great addition to the game experience , and is what has kept me playing the game for all these years . Making friends is my favorite part of the game . Most forums say that you must be 13 or older to join , but there are a couple of forums that allow younger members . Parents should always supervise their children if they are allowing them on the forums , of course .
 I am writing for my 7 year old granddaughter ... she loves the game , thank you and God bless
 This is the best virtual pets game in the history of the entire universe . It 's really too bad Ubisoft replaced this with a series of terrible 3D games . Petz forever !
 This Game is Great !!!!!!! My friend got it first and after that I was hooked!WARNING
 I think Petz is great , but there is One problemo . My dad has PC , ok big woop . But I can only use PEtz on a PC ! Since my parnets are divorced they live sperately , meaning that my mom has a macintosh computer ! I live with my mom most of the time , so I dont get to play PEtz for most of the week . So i say , that Petz , as well as , Dogz , Catz , and Babyz be compatible with macintosh computers .
 Dogz 5 is alright but I hate the pig !!! I only just figured out how to return them !!! if you dont know how to well i 'll tell you now !!! You have a dog out that you want and click on the pink or blue dog next to it 's name . then you click pick a pet , then you pick a pet you do n't want , then you click the return button !!! My pups are about to have pups and I just wanted to know after your pups grow up can you still visit the nursery room ??? Thanx mazda
 I love this game !!! I played it at a friends house And I was hooked ! As soon as I got home that day I wrote the title down so I could get it .
 I got this game from this holiday my brother and I made called Brother and Sister day . I like it . I would say it 's worth $ 15.00 dollars than 20 . I 'm own two Siamese cats -LRB- Hard to tell witch ones witch -RRB- and I am waiting for them to have kittens -LRB- not to mention there kittens themselfes . -RRB- . Also earning a happy pet certificate . The game is not that easy to me cause I ca n't train my kittens Skipper and Sophie . I do n't know if there in love or not . And ca n't find the medicine . I reccomend this game but not highly .
 This game is so fun . You learn many lessons on how to rise pets . The babies are so CUTE !!!! There is just one problem . After two or three weeks , it stops working ! Mabey this is just my computer , but be careful !
 This game is really entertaining . The `` voices '' of the cats and dogs on the computer are simply realistic ; and there is no need for a pooper-scooper ! The best thing is , you can take care of your pet , leave on a vacation for a few days , start up the program , and the game will not go on without you ! And better yet , there is no allergy , or cat fur , or smelly doggy breath aorund the house . Really well done . My daughter loves it .
 If you are a kid , and your parents wo n't let you have a pet , then this is the perfect game 4 you ! With the cutest pets , awesome graphics , and cool features , this is definately a good buy.Graphics-8 / 10
 We bought this for my 5 year old animal lover when we had to return the Pet Vet 3D game she got for Christmas . The other game was a disaster . Lots of glitches that made it difficult to play . This game however is great ! She LOVES cats so the idea of being able to take care of and play with a bunch of them is irresitable ! Especially since we wo n't let her get another real one . Two of her cats have had kittens and we did n't have any of the problems that other reviewers have mentioned when that happens . The game seems to be working well and she can get around in it easily . We 've even taken a picture of her bedroom and uploaded it as a scene for her cats to play in . I 'm so glad we bought this one . It 's a keeper !
 OMG ! This is possibly one of the best pc pet games EVER ! I am 12 yrs old and love animals . I was recently looking for a new virtual pet game ; Nintendogs lost its charm , Tamagotchi did n't offer enough , and all those other GBA and DS games were n't satisfing.So , i install the game , easy as pie ! Tada ! I pick a cute lil ` kitty and name it Sailor . I bathe it , give it treatz , and dress it up . Then we visit tons of cool places like Arabia , The beach , and a snowscape scene ! There are tons of minigames like tic-ta-toe and rock , paper , siccors . I earn new toys for Sailor by playing the minigames and feed him kibble and milk . Yum ! Sailor looks loney so I buy him a friend
 I love this games . I remember a long time ago when they came out with the first one . This of course is way more fun . I agree with all the other reviews but I need to tell you something that nobody mentioned if you are thinking about getting this game . -LRB- by the way I am playing this game while I am typing right now -RRB- WARNING
 I just got this game a few weeks ago and I love it ! Me , persanoly am 7 -LRB- if you have a 7 year old daughter read this ! -RRB- . I have a dashhund , Queen and a pug , King . Read these do 's and dont 's . DO
 I recommend that any person that likes animals should buy this game . But I also think that you might want to try Petz 4 as well . It offers some features that never made the cut for Petz 5 . Here are the Pro 's and Con 's of both games ; Petz 5 Pro 's - You can have up to four puppyz/kittenz per litter-You can customize the carrying case-There are mini-games-There is a place to bathe your petz-There are more breedz in the Adoption CentrePetz 5 Con 's - When your petz has babies , you are restricted to the Nursery , and no other petz can come out while you have the mother out-The tic-tac-toe game is quite frustrating-There is no Toy Closet , you must find all items in the game , and if you do n't collect the items from the play-scenes when you load the game for the first time , it may take a while to obtain them-Some items are really hard to obtain , and need repeative use of a mini-game to get , such as the love potion -LRB- used to make your petz fall in love -RRB- Petz 4 Pro 's - There is a Toy Closet where all of the items in the game are stored-When your petz have babies , you are not required to keep the in the Nursery until they mature-Comes with two extra breedz that do not come with Petz 5
 I am 12 years old -LRB- Going on 13 -RRB- And I LOVE this game . It teaches responsibilty and you have fuun at the same time . ITS ADDICTING ! The game is fun , but the really fun partt is going on-line and dowloading clothes , toys , breedz and other cool stuff ! My 4 year old brother even likes this game ! Its really fun if you get both -LRB- catz and dogz -RRB- and see them interact . I like it a lot better than petz 4 ! Hope you buy this product-addicted to Petz 5
 i love this game !!! i had a golden retriver and i spent 3 hpurs aday playing with it then i got a new dog and i forgot about loving the other so he ran away . im sooooo stupid . this is a realistic , aswome , never-get-boared-with game . i suggest you dont get it if you have a child that will cry if there pet runs away . but there is sooo much to do .
 The Catz Game has been a favorite for children in our family for years . Now with the Dogz added , what could be better ?
 Basically , you raise and care for virtual pet dogs or cats . Both of my daughters , ages 3.5 and 9 , love this game . The 9 year old understands it better and is able to play it the way it is intended to be played , but the 3.5 year old still likes to get on the computer and play with the cute little dogs . It is a simplistic game , but the animals are cute . Nothing challenging here - you feed , exercise , and groom your virtual dogs/cats on a daily basis . If you do n't regularly care for them , they run away . They can fall in love and have puppies/kittens . Again , nothing challenging , but both of my daughters enjoy this game a lot .
 Hey , this is a great game . Just to tell the people who think this gaame is boring
 This game is very good.Its graphics are much , much better than Puppy Luv 's , and you can own lots of petz.A nice way to earn stuff is to play the game in Arabia.One thing that I have no clue what to do with is that my Puppiez are n't turning into adult Dogz !! I 've had them both for almost an entire week , and the manual says they are adults in 3-4 days , but they have n't grown yet !! If someone knows what the matter is , then please make a review .
 Catz and Dogz are fun games , i 've enjoyed playing CatzI at one of my friends house and Catz III at my other one 's house.So , once Catz 5 came out , I bought it and gotDogz 5 on Christmas.I comment on both so that 's why i 'm here.It has the some of the same clothes from different games Like III for thought and toys the same.Beautiful Areas and nice Hosts -LRB- Like Peg , the cat with a peg leg from South Island -RRB- I love to breed my Petz and make projects like Tabby and Alley cat breed and see what there Great Grand kits look like after Four Generations.This is all I will give out of the game.Hope you play it ; -RRB-
 I was thinking a while ago about this game that I played when I was younger . I really liked it then , and wish that I had owned it . So I went online to see if they still made it , AND THEY DID !! I bought it immediently , and when I got it last month I have n't stopped playing it !! It is a good game , and its good for kids because it teaches them how to take care of pets . Anf not to mention , they are so damn cute !
 My daughter loves this . Bought it in place of Nintendogs as we do not have a DS system . The game is very good and she has had tons of fun adopting pets and caring for them . The game also installs a screen saver which is a blast to watch . Very happy with this game .
 I got this game about 9 days ago and it is the best game I have ever owned!I love it and the play scenes are great!You can import your own images of your rooms or places you have been and use them as play scenes and you can make ledges and floating pictures in your custom scenes and you can make it so when you click a part of your play scene a picture pops up and you can have puppiez!It is the best and I recommend it to anyone!My 5 year old niece can even use it and it is so easy to install and you can do all sorts of stuff!It is a great replacement for webkinz , Nintendo DS game Nintendogs and Sim city!It tops all the games I have ever tried !
 If you are looking for a professional DVD , choose this one . It covers everything you 've been missing . Great price !
 The first Smokers collection quickly became a user-standard , filling every inch of its product with usable , well-crafted loops and loads of deconstructed hits . All of the hype for Smokers 1 was for good reason.No surprise that this sequel gets the same media treatment , much of it deserved . But a closer look at the collection exposes a slight flaw that keeps it from a 5-star rating
 I was trying the trial version of WinDVD 7 platinum , which I downloaded from the Intervideo site . So far , WinDVD appears to be the best DVD player for the PC from the few that I 've tried . More options , and a better interface.Also , it 's cheaper here at Amazon then on the Intervideo website . Plus , and I feel a big plus , is that you get the disc when you buy on Amazon . On the Intervideo site , it 's download only for $ 6.00 more than here -LRB- $ 49.99 -RRB- . They do have a `` backup cd '' offer for even more money , but I 'm not biting.Buy it here , and get the disc and program for $ 6.00 less than a download only . If you need to reformat your PC , a disc is far less complicated and troublesome to reinstall .
 I had a great deal of trouble finding a DVD player that would work on my system until I tried this one . I had used Orion 's program for a while but if you make any changes to your system -LRB- even moving a card to a different slot -RRB- the program has to be reauthorized which requires several days of back and forth emails . WinDVD has not caused me a moments grief . It is as good as the Orion program and a lot simpler to use . Actually it is better than the Orion program . It works !
 I bought this to play DVDs on my PC . Everything seems to work just fine.Price was better , too .
 delphi is the most powerful rad to develop WINDOWS apps which can be ported to kylix !!
 I downloaded the trial version -LRB- just do a Google search -RRB- which is good for 3 days -LRB- no save/print -RRB- . I was very impressed and so were my kids . It 's especially impressive that they essentially include three different versions for various ages , the Basic being very appropriate for a young one to explore their artistic talents , and move up as they get older . The whole program is very easy to use and intuitive and has a lot of neat features that high-end graphics programs do and even some they do n't . The Advanced version has tools like `` horizontal and vertical symmetry '' which , for example , would allow you to draw one side of a butterfly and the other is drawn at the same time . The tool and color selection is quick and easy and the textures for the various tools seem very realistic . It has `` roll over '' identification of each selection . I tried the animation feature with no help or tutors and in a few minutes created an animation of a stick figure walking -LRB- it has an `` onion skin '' feature that allows you to see the previous frame as subdued , allowing you to draw the next frame `` over '' it -RRB- . I think where this program would really stand out is with a Wacom tablet or especially a tablet PC.Again , very impressive for the price . I will probably be purchasing it soon .
 Easy to use , lets the rabbit or pen work like an art utinsil , I really like using it .
 If you are looking to have either a Workstation or Server OS that 's dependable look no further than Solaris . People that are using Windows Vista are not getting their money 's worth . I like the fact that my Solaris stuff runs the way it 's supposed to & it does n't spy on you as you work . Really you ca n't beat the efficieny of this OS , it 's a job well done .
 Hollywood FX Plus for Studio 7.x or higher is an excellent add on product.Studio 7 and 8 are notorious for being unstable but if you can get them to work right , the addition of FX Plus will make your editing even more enjoyable.You have many new affects with FX Plus . Some of the effects rival the Video Toaster or even broadcast quality products . You just have to see them to believe it.One thing to note
 I am a walking brething God ! So my opinuen and I do n't think I spelled that correctly , but this game recuers talent and a brian which you do n't have . On the whole this game is a lot-o-fun and is relitivly long .
 This is a great editing system , it 's tough to get the hang of at first but once you get the routine down it works great . PC Magazine gave this an above average rating ... I agree completely .
 I have been doing video editing for about 6 years now . I have tryed shareware , freeware and retail video editors of all shapes and sizes . I am use to jumping between 3-4 diffrent editors to get all the effects , transitions and video color/brightness adjustments I need . Then I tryed ViedoWave 7 pro . This sucker has it all . I can adjust the color/brightness and contrast of each individual video clip . Remove sound from clips or add my owen naration and music . Make pans and zooms on still images . And this version has more FUN transitions to play with.You will deffinitly need a Pentium 3 -LRB- i would recomend a Pentium 4 -RRB- processor with at leatst 512 of RAM to run this puppy . It takes alot of power ... but for a low priced video editor it HAS ALOT OF POWER.not sure what the other guys issue was , but compaired to Pinnicle studio which crashed all the time and Ulead this product is great.michellefamily music video makercomputer geek :o-RRB- ~
 I do n't get all this moaning and complaining about this product . I installed it with no problems and found it extremely easy to use . I have Windows XP on a Athlon 2Ghz . One would have to be completely computer-illiterate not to pick up this software and be able to use it with ease . It even comes with a DVD burning tool , DVD playing software , DVD label creator and a video capture tool . It has nice touches , like a lot of effects and transitions and it 's even possible to do some color correction of brightness/contrast/RGB . It also has two modes
 Forty bucks and it works . You could write the great American novel with it . Or do millon dollar spreadsheet analyses . Or do powerpoint clones that actually look good -LRB- just what the world needs ! -RRB- What more does one want ?
 If you want a new desktop operating system alternative to Windows , Mandrake Linux , or Mandriva , as the company is now known , is a good choice.This Discovery system includes only the basics . You will not find commercial third party linux programs included , or any of the programs needed for writing linux software . This is an OPERATING , multimedia and office system for linux beginners.It includes all the programs you will need for simple basic computing and internet connection.There is virus software for linux , but so far at least there are a lot fewer linux viruses than for that other nearly ubiquitous brand.There are only three caveats
 This is good for beginners , those who are used to being a Macintosh , or those who need to refresh their brains and help remove the cobwebs . This is not LearnKey 's regular , in depth CD on Office XP , this is their Express version of the Office.For instance , in their regular CD , Mail Merge is in-depth whereas on this CD , it 's completely LEFT OUT !! What you do get in Word on this CD is : Open WordTitle barMenu barToolbarsRulers/Scroll barsTask pane/Status barCursorsNew documentAccess CommandsView Toolbars/Dock toolbars/Other panesSave document/Open documentBegin typingZoomSelecting textClipboard paneCut , Copy , PasteMove/delete textShortcut menusPaste from paneFind & ReplaceUndo/RedoCreate TemplateOpen templateWeb pagesSend e-mailSmart tagsCustomize tagsHelpAutoCorrectMake correctionsThesaurusPrint documentCreate StyleAdd BulletsApply color/Switch documentsInsert ClipArtPicture toolbarUsing TabsMultiple documentMaking changesSet MarginsSpelling/grammarThat 's everything on the Word Express 2002 CD ! Express because it 's light , fast , and it just hits the high notes in the software . If you want the heavy duty stuff , get their other CD , the regular CD with the beginning , intermediate & advanced stuff on it . This is , like I said earlier , only good to get your little toe in the water . BTW -LRB- by the way -RRB- the water is just fine , so come on in !!! Not bad for the price , worth the money if you need to refresh an old brain or crossover from Macintosh .
 It should state somewhere in the description wheather item is for beginner level , intermediate level , or advanced level .
 This is a great tool , it helps to have a program designed with a specific task in mind . I highly recomend this product to any intrested parties .
 This is great for people who could never put a budget together on their own .
 Okay , so I found out that Final Draft is the Industry Standard in Tinsel Town . Great . I 'll buy one . Check out who uses it on their website . Wow ! But the software alone does n't tell us , say , what goes where and why in a screenplay . It just lays there , blank , with blinking cursor ... waiting for some brilliance to be entered by me . Enter Syd Field . I have his books on screenwriting and , although the DVD is a little ` talking head ' - like , it did make me understand more about the craft of screenwriting , like plot , story structure , action points and character arcs - the things that make up a really great movie . Take notes while watching the DVD ! It made me better and less insecure about taking the movie idea out of my head and Final Draft is a cool tool that formats for you and types things you type alot for you . An excellent combination !! Highly recommend .
 Final Draft is the industry standard for scriptwriters . The software is intuitive and easy to work with . It does all the formatting work for you and is loaded with templates from different types of scripts -LRB- Movies , Movie of the Week , TV series , Sitcoms ... -RRB- even well known TV series like 24 - if you want to try writing for those guys . Smart entries remember scene headings , characters and many time saving information . You can print character reports to hand out to your actors , scene reports and track your actor 's lines throughout your script.But seriously folks , what piece of software would be worth anything without knowledge what can use it for . That 's where Syd Field 's workshop comes in handy . Field is a very respected scriptwriter and an even better mentor . The workshop takes you through the creative process of writing a story , giving life to your characters , letting the dialogue flow through them ... in few words
 This package is a must have . You really feel good about spending that much money because it 's a good package . I bought mine from thewritersstore.com and I got even more stuff for $ 199 . This package is a great tool for all screenwriters . If you are having your doubts like I was about which software to get , just go with final draft and be happy.I could rave all day about this software , but the time you can spend reading this you could have already bought the thing . Go buy it .
 I have found this product to be very comprehensive and extremely user friendly . I would recommend this to anyone starting out in screen writing .
 My first screenplay was formatted manually , and I know I made some mistakes . Final Draft will help eliminate those errors . I am looking forward to thanking Final Draft when I win the Oscar for Best Screenplay !
 This product is wonderful I teach adults with learning disabilities and it has turned out to be great teaching tool for them , they can go at their own pace , see their scores in front of them , and be able to see how far they have progressed .
 I had to teach typing to Stanford Hospital personnel one summer , and I tried a number of different programs . I was quite disappointed with the Mavis Beacon program , which is fairly crude . The Dummies version looks and behaves better , and got my students up to speed pretty quickly .
 I 've use a differently text design for use a photoshop or other something you will need it now . I 've enjoys of a differently design on the computer . Thanks so much : -RRB-
 I use MS Outlook 2003 continuosly as a Project Manager of multiple million dollar projects . PlanPlus for Outlook is an Outlook plugin that uses the existing Outlook product with out effecting the function by enabling you to use the Outlook the way it was intended or much better than intended . PlanPlus home view screen is exactly what I was looking for to see everything neatly organized on one screen.I am a faithfull follower of Steven Covey and his 7 Habits and this was the tool to enable me to fully execute his teachings . As a matter of fact , I am sure my recent promotion was sealed after sharing PlanPlus trial and teaching others how to use PlanPlus effectively . I was using MS Project to manage my large projects but now I have moved them into PlanPlus projects with great success . If you study the 7 Habits and apply the principles using PlanPlus you ca n't help but to be successful at work and in your family life.Now I am not as stressed out with balancing work and home . I get things done !
 I 'm giving this 5 stars , because the product I received was excellent . However , only one of the CDs came ; the package was not complete . I contacted the non-Amazon vendor and they were very nice , promising to send the remainder . It never arrived . This has made me extremely wary of non-Amazon vendors . The part of the package I did get was wonderful , and it was clear from its capabilities that if I 'd received everything , I 'd have been extremely satisfied , so I 'm giving it 5 stars .
 I teach 8th grade English and my classes loved this . Project it on a screen and use it as a game for the entire class . It appeals to the youth of today 's visual interest and they did retain the knowledge !
 I have used this program for several years to create plans for add-ons and homes , including our parade of homes winning house a few years ago . I came back here to order it again because I needed to re-order the program after breaking my first disk.For creating layouts and blue prints it is a great program . Down to the point and not much extra crap getting in the way . Set you wall thickness , then click and drag ... Done ... You can place furniture and appliances , but I can see why some people are upset by the lack of selection . A user might want to place a side by side fridge for the 3D preview instead of the upright fridge in the inventory . But when you are creating homes , you do n't care what the model is . As long as it has the correct size and scale you are set.We used this program start to end to design additions . When creating a new house blueprint we were able to take the drawings generated from this program the cad engineer , he was able to read it easy and turn around the code approved drawings very fast . The program could also export out the DFX drawing . I know on most cases , he just imported that to CAD and use it to generate the drawing.This program is simple & great for getting the job done .
 Even though I have n't gone through the book in great detail yet , it really looks like it simplifies the family tree process .
 I first purchased this in 2007 , to help me keep track of information I got during my research.I like the family tree graphics , and it is easy to add new people to your tree . The best feature to me is the ability to find the reference person quickly.It is a very good program for novices like me .
 For most individuals/couples this basic version will do all that is required . Using Turbotax each year simplifies filing US Federal taxes by :1 . asking you the most relevant questions -LRB- although this could be improved further -RRB- 2 . cross-checking and cross-entering your data -LRB- to avoid duplicating effort and manual slips -RRB- 3 . it allows you to import last years data - great for applying all those investing losses most that could not be used last year -LRB- ! -RRB- - saves having to tediously re-type personal details and investment details4 . Allows electronic filing . I usually avoid this as it costs more but I used this last year and found it worked very well and expediated the refund.This is not a revolutionary product but it does help get this tedious and unpleasant job over and done with a little quicker with a little less hassle and stress.UPDATE
 I have used turbo tax products for over 5 years . I found it very easy to use - no problems whatsoever . Everything was clear . They provide you with all the tax info you need to prepare your return . I 'm not too happy by the security they imposed this year , yet it is a good program and you can uninstall the security device after you are done with your taxes .
 After reading all the negative reviews people had posted I was leery about using TurboTax again this year . But analyzing the negative reviews they were n't really reviewing the use of the product but the tactics of Intuit . Since hardly any of those reviews mentioned anything about how the program worked to previous years I decided to use it again since I have been using TurboTax for the past 3 years.Installation went smoothly , the online updates have been no problem and all my data from last year carried over with no complications . The importing of W-2 and other financial statements was easy to do as well . Very easy to use , as usual , for preparing my taxes.If you 've been debating after all these negative reviews , I recommend you use it . Intuit has supplied a patch to remove C_Dilla off of your machine when you uninstall the software if that is one of your concerns . My computer has not been acting any slower like some people had mentioned .
 This software works and it works well . It is a tad annoying that the software keeps asking if you want to upgrade before you get started with your return ... It is as though the manufacturer is trying to tell you you made a mistake by going with Basic instead of Deluxe . But once you get rolling , the software holds your hand and it actually is pretty hard to make a mistake . We did our return in less than an hour . Compare that to trying to fill out the forms manually -LRB- maybe this can be accomplished in 10-14 hours !!!! -RRB- . This is solid .
 I just installed TT2002 and managed to do my taxes in about an hour . It helps that I keep a folder into which I drop all my tax documents so all I had to do was open an envelope , bring up the Easy Step Navigator and type in the form number - TT does the rest . I just fill in the numbers . Oh yea , and I automatically downloaded the W2 . No mess , no stress.No problems . I 've read thru the reviews and felt compelled to add my 2 cents . The product is sound , the help system is the best I 've ever encountered . For years , I spent $ 250 + to have an accountant do my taxes . This was incredibly easy and much cheaper than my accountant.My tax situation includes
 I am appalled at the complaints that other reviewer 's of this product have raised . TurboTax works , it saves us time and money and these complaints seem to be extreme.I bought this program , filled in my taxes and printed out the form . They also offered my an e-file option . I 'm a satisfied customer.The only inconvenience that these folks are complaining is about is an anti-privacy function . You have to type in a short code when you first use the program so that you ca n't buy one and let 50 people use it . Seems like commonsense to me . No personal info is sent to the company and it is far less invasive than the things that MSFT , AOL and everyone else is doing . If they didn ' ; t do this , they would be out of business and we would all have to go back to the days when accounts and the IRS were in control . Definitely not a good choice .
 I almost did n't buy this program this year , after using it the last three years , based on the reviews I read here . However , I went ahead and gave it a shot and I found that a lot of the info in the others reviews was wrong.Yes , this version of Turbotax puts a few icons on the desktop , as do all the Intuit programs - but it only took a few seconds to delete them , and the software did not install any other programs or spyware/adware on my computer.Contrary to some reviews here it does import tax data from previous years , just like it always has.As for the product activation , it only took a few seconds , and again , contrary to other reviews on this site , it does n't prevent you from installing this software on other computers - it only requires that you file from the first computer you install it on.I have n't done my tax return yet , so I ca n't comment on the acuracy of the calculations , but I have no reason to believe there are any significant deficiencies in that area .
 Alright people . First off , anyone that posted here without researching is -LSB- n't smart -RSB- . First , let 's talk about their licensing scheme . I have very little problem with it . The big problem in the current pc world is software piracy . They are doing away with that , however , i feel they should make it more flexible.Now , let 's talk about C-dilla . 99 % of you that posted have no clue what it actually is . First off , it only uses CPU cycles when the program using it is being run . This is because it is controlled through a DLL -LRB- dynamic link library -RRB- and DOES NOT WRITE FILES TO HIDDEN SECTORS . In fact , the only thing written on your disk that any resonably knowledgable user would n't be able to access is your disks table of contents and file system information , such as whether the disk is FAT , FAT32 , NTFS , or a Linux compatible partition.To the guy that said the registry is stored there ... Your registry is actually comprised of multiple files and can be edited using regedit from the start/run command . c-dilla is a `` Licensing Management System '' and is actually very popular among high end professional applications . It is not malware . It is not spyware . All it does is provides companies with a universal form of copy protection so they can purchase the protection instead of hiring programmers to design their own . This saves you money . To accuse Intuit of installing spyware , take note that you are also accusing AutoDesk -LRB- AutoCad software -RRB- and Discreet -LRB- 3D Studio Max -RRB- who also use c-dilla as their licensing management system . And in Add/Remove programs ... surprise surprise ... you can remove c-dilla . And it has NOTHING to do with your CD-RW drive . If you ca n't burn cd 's , then you should n't have bought -LSB- this item -RSB- . All pages on the internet claiming it 's a Trojan , Spyware , or anything other than a copy protection tool are bogus . Intuit should sue you all for slander . Maybe their program is n't the best this year , but you 're advising against it for false reasons and maliciously spreading untrue information . Bottomline . Do your research instead of jumping on the bandwagon .
 This is a fabulously easy product to use . You are guided through the entire process and all your questions are answered . A very painless process !! It will keep you from procrastinating !
 This is my 7th year using TurboTax Basic and have always enjoyed using it . The Basic version does everything you need for most users . It still imports last year 's TurboTax information -LRB- name , address , SS # , etc. -RRB- . The Deluxe version mainly includes more online help documents and IRS publications . If you change your mind after buying the Basic version , you can easily and immediately upgrade to the Deluxe version from the Basic version at the time of the installation after paying an upgrade fee -LRB- online -RRB- . The Deluxe version is included on the Basic version CD and is unlocked after paying the upgrade fee . The electronic filing feature has always been really nice and is free after using the included mail-in rebate.The new registration/copy-protection scheme hassle is minimal for people that take the time to understand it and wish to use TurboTax legally . The registration process simply unlocks TurboTax to print the tax return and submit the tax return electronically . Per the TurboTax license and install instructions , it 's still legal to install and use TurboTax on your second computer -LRB- like your work computer -RRB- if you wish . Simply install using the `` trial version '' option ; the only things you ca n't do are print or file your taxes electronically * from that unregistered computer * unless you buy a second license . Yes , in the rare case you decide to change computers in mid-stream and move TurboTax to another computer you will be forced to pay for another license to make it work . Intuit appears to have taken these extra copy-protection steps because of the numerous people that illegally `` share '' software like TurboTax with their friends or sell copies of the TurboTax CD . I understand Intuit 's position because I work in the software industry . Yes , this copy-protection scheme is a real-pain for people that do n't want to use the program legally - I say bravo !
 I almost did n't buy this product due to all the bad reviews . I 've used it for years and decided to give this year 's a try anyway . I had no problem installing the product -LRB- running Win98 SE on an AMD 900Mhz if this helps someone -RRB- . If you follow the quickstart guide , the instructions it gives are what any user should do when installing new software . I was up and running in under 30 minutes after having TurboTax install the latest software update.Yes , it 's true you ca n't install on more than one computer as far as filing and printing your taxes goes . If you want to install it but not sure that 's the computer you 're going to use to file , take the option to install it as a trial option . You can still do your taxes . When you 're sure of which computer you 're using , then activate the software . It hardly took any time at all to activate my copy . As for the licensing software c-dilla IS NOT spyware . I checked the vendor 's site and it 's been used by other companies . The rumors about the software disabling your burner are n't true - my machine has been working just fine.Once you activate your product , you can print to another computer if you save your tax file under the new PDF feature . Then you can use Adobe Acrobat Reader to open and print it . TurboTax walks you through filling out your taxes in an interview fashion.You can start from scratch or bring in last year 's TurboTax file . You can also see the forms it 's helping you fill out . There 's plenty of help available if you get stuck . This version does n't come with the IRS publications included -LRB- if you want that , get Deluxe -RRB- , but that was n't a problem for me - I already downloaded them from the IRS website . If you decide to e-file , there 's a rebate form in the box for the e-filing fee , so you end up paying $ 0 to file and TurboTax makes it really easy.Also received my income tax refund last week - around the time TurboTax estimated the IRS would direct deposit it . That was including me having to resend it due to accidentally not typing in a number when I first e-filed . I was n't charged for the resend.If you do get errors , all I can tell you is check Intuit 's website . I went there and I saw their error list - some are fixable , others were n't fixed yet . They do have a money back guarantee if you have problems with it . Sorry to those people who had heartburn trying to use it . Seems like Intuit did n't quite test their product out before shipping with this many people having problems , but in my case , it worked for me the same as it always has : - -RRB-
 First things first - I read well over 200 reviews before I made my decision to buy turbo tax -LRB- basic -RRB- . I really , REALLY wanted to switch to Taxcut , but my only concern was whether ALL my data -LRB- especially passive losses , depreciation , Schedule E stuff , etc. -RRB- would transfer successfully from my 2001 Turbo tax return . Somehow I never got a good answer from Taxcut -LRB- or anyone else -RRB- regarding this concern and that is the ONLY reason I decided to stick with Turbo tax.Well , as soon as I bought it , I rushed home and got ready for battle ! Sounds funny now , but I really was prepared for the worst -LRB- having read so many reviews with installation problems -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised . Installation took only a few minutes . Verification of my product key -LRB- this requires an internet connection -RRB- took only a few seconds - probably because I access the internet through a cable modem . I have a Dell PC with a Pentium IV processor running Windows XP Home Edition -LRB- just mentioning all this in case it helps -RRB- . After installation was complete , I immediately started a new tax return and imported last year 's data - everything I was concerned about was imported successfully -LRB- as expected -RRB- . I saved my file , rebooted my machine and everything was still as fine as ever . My PC is definitely not sluggish , my CD-RW is not acting up , nothing out of the ordinary is happening with my PC -LRB- like I read in many other reviews -RRB- . It has been a little more than a week and I 'm almost done with my return . I verified that I can print my return -LRB- either to a pdf file or the printer -RRB- - thought eventually I intend to efile . And yes , my PC is still as normal as ever.Drawbacks
 Interactive language tool in a 2-CD ROM set , that really helps you conquer the basics of French ! It included dozens of exercises and games , 14 integrated in-depth lessons , plus a dictionary , travel resources , and much more .
 This Deluxe Edition is the best than ever since I used several softwares from different company . Featuring two years worth of robust curriculum , Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- French Deluxe offers a convenient , comprehensive language study solution . Whether you 're planning a vacation , traveling for work , or just brushing up your skills for fun , the award-winning Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- program brings your goals within reach . Download lessons to your iPod -LRB- tm -RRB- or MP3 player and learn on the go!Features : * Over 50 lessons and hundreds of exercises representing 2 years ' worth of curriculum * Sophisticated speech recognition * Audio CD featuring coordinated lessons * IPOD -LRB- tm -RRB- and MP3 lessons for learning on-the-go * Printed reference book for learning away from the PC * PDA Dictionary with over * 15,000 translations * Printable grammar exercises * Flexible curriculum structure to customize your learning experience * Simulated conversations , cultural movies and games
 If you go to visit Yellowstone National Park and take home the pictures and films they sell in their souvenir stores you are going to pay a bundle.You 'd be much better off buying this disk - which I have to say impressed the heck out of me . It has shots of just about every part of Yellowstone I wanted to see . And , while the footage is old , none of the features of Yellowstone have changed in thousands of years , so its not a big deal.The qulaity of the footage is top rate and it did n't cost me a fortune , so I 'm happy with it .
 This is one of the easiest programs to use for web design . I bought this program not knowing anything about building webpages . The same day I brought the program home , I built a page and published it . The features are a little confusing , however it is not hard to figure out . The program has the ability to import pics and gifs from your files . This is a great program and best of all ... It 's Free.Everything you need to : * Create impressive websites * Manage your e-commerce stores * Promote your websitesPerfect Website CreatorCreate a dynamic , animated web page in minutes ! Select from a large variety of wizard-based templates , graphic textures , animations , backgrounds , button styles , drop shadows , mouse over effects and more . Drag and drop your own images or use the built-in button and background creators and make your own.Premium webStore BuilderCreate an online business quickly and easily . Just choose a store name , add a logo and/or slogan , setup your product line , design a professional storefront , choose what payment types you 'll accept and upload it to the Internet in minutes ! The Secure -LRB- SSL -RRB- Shopping Cart automatically calculates final total including shipping and sales tax!Professional Website PromoterLearn how to market your website like a professional Webmaster ! Contains must-have tools that will drive traffic to your website , optimize rankings in key search engines and boost your site 's popularity . Auto updates provide the latest search engine submission and ranking databases available .
 I bought this CD set several years ago . I am a church organist and I have found the Virtual Hymnal CD to be incredibly useful . I have used it to transpose hymns down -LRB- seldom up -RRB- to a key the congregation can sing more comfortably . I have also used it to just provide words of a hymn or to allow me to modulate up for a last stanza . I have even used it to print the words and melody of a hymn in a bulletin or a handout . You could even print on transparencies if you use an overhead projector . All the hymns are public domain and you must work within the program 's limitations but if you are even a little comfortable with computer software , you will find this a useful program , worth buying all 4 disks to get one .
 I am currently using this software , with 3 of my webcams . It is very useful for home security or just to keep an eye on things .
 Utilities for pc maintenance are becoming run of the mill , everyone has them . What separates the good ones from the great ones is what the package delivers and OnTrack System Suite delivers more value for the money that any other software I have seen or used.There are 7 utilities to make sure your computer is running at peak performance . Fix-It is a program that detects hard drive problem , defrags you drive better than any other utility I have seen and can be customized for your preferences . The Virus Scanner is as good as any out there and comes with 24-hour ability to update the dat files.Crash Proof is a program to help you save your work before shutting down . I was able to save several documents and then shut down without losing and data . Easy Uninstall makes removing unwanted programs a snap and best of all it updated the registry.The Data Eraser is the first program I have used that has not only removed the files from the pc , but also eliminated and information making data retrieval impossible . The Crisis center is used for software corruption recovery , hard drive failure recovery.Finally there is Power Desk , which is a great file manager . While I prefer Windows Explorer Power Desk is certainly a worthy challenger . Also you get 1 year free phone support and the product worked on 95 , 98 , ME , NT and 2000 . Overall an excellent value that should rival any other product on the market today and in the future ,
 I have used Norton system works and McAfee office 2000 Pro , and I have to say that Ontrack 's utility suit really work for me . This system will not hang your computer . Its fast and its truly fully integrated , unlike McAfee 's Office suit . However , if you still unsure about which utility suit to choose , then look at PC Magazine?s website . They benchmark the three systems and Ontrack SystemSuit came out the winner by far . Performance will also depend on your computer 's configuration .
 Ontrack 's SystemSuite 3.0 is an outstanding product ! It has all of the features of its competitors , and a little more ! It does n't take up as much disk space as the other utility suites . It does n't hog up memory resources like McAfee and Norton does . SystemSuite has a easy to use and very integrated interface , which if you learn one , it is very easy to use another one . I feel with this program , I am getting what I paid for !
 I just got it yesterday I got it for -LSB- . . -RSB- at T.J. maxx . Though it was crushed it is still a great game . The game was originally -LSB- . . -RSB- then it was on clearance for $ 5.00 then there was a 25 % off sale so it was -LSB- ... -RSB- I thought the gameplay was going to be babyish but no this game is more challenging then I thought . It has some huge box damage . If you do n't like this buy ROCKET POWER EXTREME Arcade Games it is really fun but you have to unlock Twister 's game . Goto T.J. maxx to buy your PC Software . They have more games then you think !!!!
 I THINK THAT THIS IS A VERY GOOD GAME BECAUSE YOU DO N'T OFFEN SEE GAMES LIKE THIS SO I THINK YOU SHOULD GET THIS GAME AS QUICK BECAUSE THIS IS A GREAT OPPERTOUNITY TO GET THIS GAME
 I had used PCanywhere for a number of years , but find that product to be inferior in its connections . LapLink is very easy to install and use . Had absolutely no problems in transferring files or using remote control .
 and have been using it for years with zero problems.Remote control works fine , even over lousy 20K connections , and the `` speedsync '' feature makes it practical to transfer files in bulk over standard phone lines.I routinely use it to make `` service calls '' without leaving my desk , and to perform periodic incremental backups of remote computers . The software 's actually overkill for simple `` same room '' file transfers on Win 9x + systems , but for a complete remote access package , this is hard to beat .
 I have a Compaq Armada Pentium 1590DMT -LRB- 150 mHz -RRB- laptop with 80 MB RAM , and my desktop is an AMD-K6-2 -LRB- 350 mHz -RRB- with 64 MB RAM . Both machines have the Windows ME operating system . They link together with no problem at all using LapLink . I use the parallel ports for the link . I 've never had a problem , and the application works exactly as advertised.That 's all you can ask of a product.Joseph H. Pierre
 Not only did I get remote control on an XP box BEHIND A FIREWALL , I can access files remotely from Laplink 's Surfup service . Service is the key word here , I do n't know any other place offering network services when you buy their off-the-shelf product . Laplink runs an ILS server so I can connect to my Laplink PC from anywhere on the Internet , and they run a firewall service so I can get to my home PC - behind a firewall . It 's as easy as checking a box and creating a login-entry . AND they have a Surfup web service so i can access files VIA A WEB BROWSER from anywhere ! Beat THAT ! It 's simple , it works , I love it .
 I have been using this on a Mac for years and was excited when this finally became available for Windows . The screenshot functionailty is very nice , but Cute FTP is a little bit better . Still , I love being able to hit a custom key sequence and have predefined text and/or actions performed . I have used this to create looping macros that process the entire contents of a spreadsheet . A must if you code html or other text intensive ascii applications . Tired of typing awkward key sequences in programming/coding ? This is the app for you . Functions you program can be global or program specific -- you decide .
 My small business was looking for a small server solution - this hit the spot exactly.We were prepared to spend more than twice this much for the MS Small Business Server . We were shocked to find this version , for half the price , that ALSO included the operating system , Frontpage , Outlook , and some other things bundled in with it . The `` extras '' alone were almost worth the purchase price . Plus , the Small Business Server was n't as versatile.We did n't even know this was available any more - the Microsoft web site said it has been discontinued . But I guess some retailers still have a few copies out there , though I would assume they are rare.And in my view , the 2000 server suite is the way to go - `` light weight '' and less hassle , fewer hardware requirements , and easier to add new clients . And , we have fewer compatability problems with Windows 2000 than trying to run XP or Me.We 've been growing steadily , and every time we need to add a few more clients , we buy a few more licenses . We just email the guys who sold us the original suite , and they sell us 5 at a time for about $ 200 . It just works out so great when the easiest & quickest solution is also one of the least expensive ways to go .
 Loved this game since i was young , i am now 19 and still love it . all kids i have babysat love it as well . it 's full of adventure and educational .
 I was so happy to find this program . Used it at a job I had years ago . They let me borrow it and put it on my home computer and when that computer bit the dust I was at a loss without it . Its kind of a lame program considering what you can do these days , but it works for me . Easy to learn as wellWhen I found it here I was very pleasedAnd as usual the price was right !
 This is a good and genuine product . The response is fast . Good for old timers like me.Leong
 My post scripts used to be all pre scripts until I came across this useful tool ! The rescripting process has been easy , fun , and stimulating ! I 've even loaned it out to friends , but unfortunately , they did not read the manual before use . Once they get out of the hospital , I will do it for them.Just make sure you read the directions at least twice before use !
 I use this for my children , now aged 7 & 9 . It works well , and they like it . It has age based settings that I have more or less used as they are . I removed a few links and added some of my own liking . It is completely customizable . I also recently activated the time controls . My kids can not get online before 7:30 am and can not stay on past 7:30 pm . In addition to the blackout times , I can control the total number of hours per day that they can be online . Any time I want I can temporarily allow a particular site.The only problem I have had is that for sites that require a logon and password it does n't work properly . For example my kids are playing fantasy football . I allowed the NFL website and all is well until they try to log in to see their team . For that I have to switch over to Firefox . While that is a minor inconvenience the bigger problem is that the more times they see me close the bumper car browser and go in to open Firefox the sooner they will `` learn '' how to do so and bypass the whole process themselves .
 Just what I was looking for to allow my son to enjoy all of the wonderful kid-friendly websites , while filtering out all of the trash . Simple to use and set up .
 Good product . Now if only you could get the trouble student to use it . To bad that this type of resource is not readily available to every student .
 I live in Turkey and bought this over internet to help my 6 year old grandson learn english . I had it mailed to my brothers in Montana and they posted to me in turkey at Phillis Asiata PK 264 Manavgat/Antalya 07600 Turkey . We receive the CD-ROM very helpful for me in refreshing English grammer & writing to teach my grandson , but I was very disappointed that there was no interaction for the child , only a video . On the case it says Features and Benefits Various levels of difficulty motivates , stimulates , and challenges your students ; Also , practice tests and activities to reinforce and assess comprehension ; and also it says print tests sheets to monitor your students progress ; Please tell me what I am missing or not understanding ??? The box says Audiobook included.What audiobook . Also if I need to purchase something else can I have it shipped to me here in turkey or do I have to do as before and have it sent to my family in USA and re-sent to me here in Turkey . Thank-you Phillis Asiata email address -LRB- turkishbabe4u@hotmail.com -RRB-
 Great value for the money , it comes with 5 CDs that really helped me for my exams -LRB- nice video , audio and animation features too -RRB- . The information is well organized , easy to follow , and hits many sore points for economics students , micro and macroeconomics , as well as statistics . It 's nice that it has self test areas , so one can easily evaluate where they stand . Get it , you 'll definitely use it !
 Finally ! 5 CDs to cover classes that are n't easy for most students , such as Chemistry , Biochemistry , Genetics or Microbiology ... I used a couple of them for my fall exams and they really helped me getting higher grades , without having to study for weeks . If you 're a science major , this suite is a must !
 I purchased this for my son who is REALLY big into space right now and he ca n't get enough of it . Very happy with the purchase .
 The version I received was 5.5.6 which did not work properly on my iMac G5 . If this is the version you get , make sure you download the latest FREE update -LRB- currently 5.5.11 -RRB- from Microspot . After the update MacDraft worked flawlessly . Worth every penny !
 I 've worked with this program since it first came out with Apple 's Lisa in 1983 and the Mac in 1984 . While Apple dropped it from their original software line-up , it hung around with other companies until it was picked up by Microspot in the UK . Even though I only needed basic drawing and drafting tools , it always preformed well for me . Every day I do line drawings for my work and it saves me tons of time and money . Microspot has kept it updated and made a PC version of it . They publish advanced editions for more professional work also . Thank you Microspot !
 With family all over the world , I have sent an Actiontec Phone Wizard to everyone . We all now talk for free whenever we want . The voice quality is fantastic , and the delay / echo is almost non-existant . -LRB- hey for free calls it ca n't be beat -RRB- . We carry out normal conversations with no hassle!I 'd reccomend this product for anyone with friends for relatives that are more than a local phone call away . International works fantastic .
 This is just the best sound collection for DJ 's and artist who uses a computer to make music . eJay Sound Collection got 7,500 lovely samples . 99 % of these samples is perfect , but the other percent is just almoust perfect . The eJay team has maked it easy for everyone to make music . If you got an eJay product to make music with and if you suffering for more cool samples to your product , eJay Sound Collection # 5 is the soloution . = -RRB- Greetings from DJ Youth . -LRB- I also use eJay 's ! -RRB-
 I needed something that would handle SVCD better than Roxio and everyone and their brother directed me to Nero . Nero made me a coaster for every two good burns . So I downloaded six other software trials from the web and ran the month out on each of them . Within two days of using version 6 of NTI CD Maker I had deleted all other burners on my machine and ordered the serial number . Absurdly easy interface , extremely stable operation even on an old machine -LRB- P500 with a 8x burner running win98 -RRB- and an inital software conflict was resolved by the program 's installation interface . I have no idea why this is n't famous . Buy it and love it .
 If you 're looking for an all-around application that can burn different kinds of CDs , NTI CD-Maker Pro should be on your list of applications to consider . Use it to make both data and music CDs ; in either case , the process is very easy . Simply drag the files you want from your hard drive and drop them onto the pane showing the CD contents . A bar along the bottom of the screen gives an idea of how much of a CD 's available capacity will be taken up with the data you want to copy.NTI CD-Maker Pro is also able to copy disks , which is great if you have a data backup disk and feel safest with more than one copy of it , or an archive of important photographs you want to share with family and friends . If you are keen on music , you will definitely appreciate the ability to convert between MP3 and WAV files . The software also comes with a component for designing CD labels and inserts for cases , so your creations can be presented professionally , which is great for wedding photo and video CDs.With CD writers increasingly part of the layout of new PCs , no home is complete without software to assist in CD production . NTI CD-Maker Pro is very easy to use -LRB- you can literally start to create your own CDs within minutes of installing the software -RRB- and is versatile enough to keep most home users happy.NTI CD-Maker Pro 6 safeguards , organizes , and shares all of your files with an easy-to-use CD-burning solution . Store your data files , organize digital photos , create a video library , add to your music collection ; whatever the task , this software makes burning audio , data , and video CDs as easy as saving a file . You can even record and burn in real time . NTI CD-Maker turns your CD burner into a live audio recorder , letting you burn your composition while you perform!The program also transforms any video file into a Super Video CD that can be played back on your computer or on most DVD players -- perfect for home movies . Preserve and organize your photos by transferring these memorable moments to CD . Compile your own audio collections
 I love this Calendar Program . Best one I 've had . I print our yearly calendars every December for the next year . I added all the Holidays , family birthdays , anniversaries , and yearly appointments . Add pictures or many other options . Once you set it up , thats it . You just print the same calendar events year after year . You can print weekly , montly or yearly calendars . I would n't be without this program .
 This product is a little slow in running on XP but well worth the money . I am a college student again after many years and I am using these programs to review and strenghten my skills .
 This disc got here in mint condition and very fast . It has helped my daughter a great deal and recommend it to any geometry honor student .
 Good product for review for your child -LRB- ren -RRB- and students . Allow students to move at their own pace . This is the curriculum students need to know and learn in order to move forward in their mathematical work .
 Excellent transaction . Received timely and in advertised condition . I would do business with this seller again .
 My 8 year old daughter had struggled with math since first grade . She loves the practices and challenges of the Olympic games and she especially loves winning the medals . My husband loaded the game and she was able to take it from there with no assistance . She is having fun and learning her math basics . The game is well worth the money .
 If your child knows all the rules of addition , substraction and the multiplation table , but he/she is just slow ; this software can be helpful . This software can create a random set of exercises at various difficulty level and challenge the child to do as much as he/she can in one minute . Pratice makes perfect . It works .
 I bought this as a gift for my six year old who wanted to learn to type on the computer , tried other products at the library and the librarian recommended this one . I installed this easily on an old pentium 166 running Windows 98 . It runs better than most kids software . It does have some issues with typing too fast or too slow but frankly I think it helps you place your fingers cleanly and accurately.The GREAT thing about this program is that my six year old loves it and it is teaching him good typing skills . The graphics are very interactive , if you mistype the characters -LRB- called bladers -RRB- perform comparable to your performance . The different events , cones , cow jumping -LRB- a real hoot -RRB- , half pipe , sidewalk and speed skating concentrate on different typing skills . You jump more cows and do more flips over them if you are more accurate in that event . The sidewalk event requires both speed and accuracy and is definitely a challenge . The skater skates along as words are displayed for your to type . One mistake and he runs into an obstacle and flys to fall flat on his face . The graphics are redundent but it motivates the heck out of my six year old.If you are older and too computer savvy you may not like this . Particularly if you can already type . -LRB- Though I could see how using it would improve my skills -RRB- . For kids just learning to type it makes a very boring -LRB- remember high school typing class , before computers , for those readers over 30 -RRB- really a lot of fun.Teenaged kids who watch too much TV and play ultra action type video games will also find this pretty mundane . But they really should learn good typing skills anyway and this would help them .
 Read an earlier review which slammed this product . Found my students to achieve decent proficiency in typing . I use it from 2nd Grade to 6th Grade . So what if it shows a canned movie . Yep I wish it would do provide other features i.e. a network version of the product so that I can review progress charts from a single view . However , despite these `` shortcomings '' this is one of the better typing programs in respect to achieving results . The kids love it and any program that gets students excited and involved is half-way there .
 If you are teaching kids typing , or just having your kids learn it themselves , this is a great typing program . It 's lots of fun , so it keeps kids motivated . My only complaint about this program is that it does n't give enough practice where kids who type slowly can still keep up . The speed drills are exactly that . If you ca n't type quickly enough , you can not get through the speed drills . This is also a fun program for adults .
 Great practice for learning letter positions on keyboard . Challenging and fun activities for practices . Disappointed , though , that it did not go to the next level of providing opportunities for words , sentences , and paragraph practices . This would be a great additions for the software creators to think about adding in the `` next '' version .
 The initial years of my video editing , and DVD authoring , experience were done using PC based software . This DVD authoring software from Apple is hands down the most user friendly , powerful , professional , and even more importantly , easy-to-use one out there . Having labored through extensive session on the PC creating menus , in an environment more suited to an engineer then your average videographer , I can certainly appreciate what 's easy and what is not . Making menus is the key highlight of this software for me . On the PC software I was using it was beyond difficult and laborious . Yet Apple has truly simplified this process where it takes little-to-no time to incorporate multiple interactive buttons , menus , all with whatever backgrounds and audio tracks you can think of . The best part is , the finished product looks as good as any professionally produced DVD the studios would use for major motion pictures . The software is truly that good and truly that easy . I ca n't say enough about what a key ingredient DVD Studio Pro is in the Apple Video editing software category . Make DVD 's that look like what the pros make whether you are a beginning videographer or a professional film maker . I wish I had n't been so ignorant of the power of Apple and Mac in comparison to any PC based video editing sotware , I could have saved years of headaches and been making much , much better end products . If you are even close to being on the fence with buying this software or a competitors , or thinking of venturing from PC to Mac platforms , then I strongly , strongly encourage going for this software and the Mac platform . There quite simply is no substitute .
 I was very happy to find an old version of DVD Studio Pro online since I 've been wanting an authoring program a lot more flexible than Toast for many months now.I am glad I did n't have to fight on e-Bay to get this!Thanks so much for posting the listing in Amazon marketplace .
 I love this game it 's so amazingly realistic -LRB- aside from the aliens and the space ... and uhh the uh tons and tons of treasure -RRB- the crew you pick have stats and everything . Replay value is very high in my opinion ! it may be an old game to this date but dont let that fool you : -RRB-
 It has all the action -LRB- firing cannons , lancers , harpoons , etc. -RRB- without all the blood , waste of human life , etc. found in a lot of action/strategy games out there -LRB- Age of empires , etc. -RRB- . It also makes you use your brain because you ca n't just blindly attack enemy ships without thinking . You could lose valuable ships and the only way to replace them is to capture enemy ships or increase your rank , like , lieutenant to captain . If you are looking for an extremely fun action/strategy game without all the gore this is for you !!!
 My son wrote this : It 's good , when you get the hang of it , it 's the best game you can play in the computer !!!
 This game is amazing I 've had it for over five years and I love it is to bad no one plays online anymore though
 This was the greatest game i ever played . To bad my brother pooped on it .
 I find it constraining to use just one English dictionary , especially since leaving several software dictionaries open eases their concurrent use , So I review the three that I typically use , though there are more -- and good ones -- out there . Although I just go to the most user-friendly one -LRB- RHWUD -RRB- for most quick consultations , I sometimes find it necessary to probe two of them , and even all three . When I want to know more about the etymology or the different meanings of a difficult word , each one may add a little something that the others do n't have . Consulting all three often leads to a better grasp of the word . This may sound eccentric or wasteful to some , but it will make sense to lots of people.I use : The Random House Webster 's Unabridged Dictionary , version 3.0 for 32-bit Windows -LRB- RHWUD -RRB- The Merriam-Webster 's 11th Collegiate Dictionary , version 3.0 -LRB- MWCD -RRB- The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , 5th ed . on CD-ROM , version 2.0 -LRB- SOED -RRB- In addition to phonological symbols , all three dictionaries can use the computer 's audio facility to pronounce clearly . All three provide etymologies and a word 's entry date in the English language . All three dictionaries are for MS Windows . I do n't know whether they have Mac or other OS versions . After fully installing them on the computer 's hard disk , they can be used without their CD-ROM . The software version of RHWUD is light and loads faster than the others do . It covers more proper names . Although all three dictionaries are very easy to use , RHWUD is the easiest one . As you type each letter of a word in a small box , a left panel below the box shows words progressively closer to what you are typing . After you finish typing the word , the left panel shows words coming before and after the typed word , so you can quickly spot its variants and all adjacent words , variant or not . Clicking on a word in the left panel produces the details on that word in the right panel.The software version of the Merriam-Webster 's 11th Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- MWCD -RRB- also has two panels , but the left panel does not show any progressive list as you type each letter of a word . You finish typing the word , then you have to press ENTER or click on a Search button in other to see the results . -LRB- In contrast , RHWUD may land on the word even before you finish typing it . -RRB- If you typed the word correctly , then you 'll see a left panel with some close-spelling variants that are RELATED to the word , NOT all the strictly adjacent words like in RHWUD . If you type something that is not in the dictionary , you will get nothing but a small window stating the word does not exist . If the mistake was inadvertent , you 'll be more careful and you 'll get your result . But if you were just guessing the spelling , then your are in the dark . You 'll have to keep guessing with alternative spellings . In such a situation , the RHWUD would have shown you exactly at what letter the mistake began . And the left panel might have provided the clues to the correct spelling because of its `` adjacents '' . This is mostly why the RHWUD is more user-friendly . However , I feel the MW may be a bit more authoritative . Its definitions tend to be successfully concise , which make them seem a tiny bit more accurate . Otherwise , for the majority of words , both are practically equivalent.The Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate thesaurus . The MWCD lets you access that dedicated thesaurus , with synonyms , antonyms , and related words more systematically available than in the dictionary module . Not all words can be found in the thesaurus , of course , but , when they are there , the MWCD is a net plus for choosing more carefully among similar words . -LRB- My preferred software thesaurus , however , is the New Oxford Thesaurus of English in the multi-dictionary `` iFinger '' format . I may review it one day , if I can remember it at the right spare time . -RRB- For special words , both dictionaries compare quasi-synonyms at the bottom of the right panel ; an easy way to get , in one spot , the fine nuances between roughly similar words.BTW , the `` Webster '' name has proliferated in the naming of American dictionaries . The history of the name in the business can be easily found on the Internet . -LRB- Wikipedia ? -RRB- For those who want to probe further into words , there is the expansive and expensive Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- OED -RRB- . A compromise is its shorter version , the Shorter Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- SOED -RRB- . But even the SOED is a step up from the RHWUD and MWC -- for COMMON names only . It does not generally do proper names . For instance , London and Paris are there , but Madrid and Churchill are not -RRB- . In a way , its dating of words is vaguer than the other two
 I have given up on MS Office but I still need to do spreadsheets , word processing , etc. . So I 'm now using the free Open Office . It is great but does n't have a thesaurus.This excellent program solves that . The dictionary is good too .
 This is a great productbecause once you install itYou need not use the cd again
 I just upgraded my Webster software to this version for WinXP . It 's ok and does the job it 's intended to perform . But I liked the previous versions that displayed both the definitions and the thesaurus in parallel panels . Just a matter of display preference , so it 's not that important to every user .
 I received the product promptly . It was easy to load into the computer . As I writer , I find this resource very helpful . It is a dictionary and thesaurus rolled into one . The software is also easy to use .
 I got this product because my spell cker no longer works because of my office 2007 , and thats a sad state of affairs , but they say there is n't anything they can do about it . . so I needed help , so I got my Merriam-Webster 's 11th Edition Collegiate Dictionary and Thesaurus . . And I love it . . you can look up everything and anything . . and its easy to use of coarse . . Thanks so much ... have a great spelling Beeeeeeeeee ... lol
 I already owned the Microsoft Encarta World English Dictionary when I bought Merriam-Webster because I wanted the software to pronounce every word , and Encarta does n't . Merriam-Webster 's main good point : pronouces every single entry , including various forms of each word , such as `` beauty '' , `` beautiful '' plus you can copy the whole disc into your computer , so you do n't have to put in the CD every time you look stuff up . Ca n't do with Microsoft.Other than that , it is n't a very good computer dictionary . It looks like somebody just scanned the information into the computer . The dictionary has limited space , that 's why stuff is crammed in the there , but the computer should read with more paragraph separations which costs no more memory . There are few examples.I also do n't like the fact that you have to clear each entry before you can look up the next word , which I do n't have to do with Microsoft 's . It is a usable dictionary and thesarus , and has plenty of entries . I think it is particular worth it for someone learning English as a foreign language .
 This is undoubtedly the best dictionary & thesaurus available today . The features that impressed me the most are :1
 Any e-dictionary will give you definitions of course , but what I especially like about this one is that it is lightning fast . Also , when a definition contains an illustration it 's indicated by an icon which you double click to view -LRB- and which comes up instanteously in a seperate window -RRB- . This dictionary also allows you to search a word by different criteria other than for just its definitions
 I had an old version of this software -LRB- 2.0 , I think -RRB- , which requires Mac OS 9 or classic . This new version runs in native OS X. I agree with other reviewers
 It is wondeful software . Simple , easy to use , user-friendly , and very accurate in the pronunciation.Buy this CD . Do n't waste your money on the subscription at merriam-webster 's website.ALso try the Medical dictionary . It is as equally superb .
 Three is no other dictionary that I can rely on more than Merriam Webster dictionary . This new edition , 11th , got all updated words used for internet and new high tech terms with accurate vocal sound . I saw some other dictionary with sound , but this dictionary got most accurate sound that I can trust . For some words that have two sounds , it pronounces both of them.I can not work without this dictionary .
 This is a very fine bilingual encyclopedia of the Spanish and English languages.It installs within seconds and has extremely complex search capabilities in either language.Whatever Amazon is charging for it - multiply by five and you will have a glimpse of the value of this CD-ROM . Leave it in RAM . Read a Spanish language newspaper over the net . Watch Univision on cable TV . Pick words off the radio.If you are using this dictionary to learn Spanish , you will ALSO have to have a verb book - it does n't teach grammar , but it DOES teach modismos -LRB- idiomatic expressions -RRB- . It DOES know a noun from a verb from an adverb from an adjective.This is an indispensable tool . Load it onto your laptop and take it to Mexico City or Miami or Venezuela . Share with the people you meet there .
 I 'm a Spanish teacher and I find this software very useful and helpful for instantaneous word look-up . It yields search results faster than Goggle and includes idiomatic expressions . Its files can be installed onto as many computers as desired . I lost the actual disc a couple years ago but have since installed the dictionary on other computers .
 This is a great spanish english dictionary , easy to use , great tool . This is great with definitions , if it could translate the words for you , it would be even better . Still it delivers , yes it 's a good buy .
 What rocks about this ??? EVERYTHING !!! I used to keep stuff in a bunch of files and now I can keep everything organized . Everyday I write -LRB- ok , type -RRB- and insert all sorts of pics and vids . Just way cool , you 'll see ! Or maybe you wo n't because you do n't know my password !!! hehe
 Acrobat 7 Standard on the Mac offers nearly all the features of Acrobat 7 Professional . The windows version of Professional includes a whole extra program -LRB- livecycle designer -RRB- for creating forms and using xml data . The Mac version does not include that program.However , Professional does offer a couple of very important features :1 -RRB- The first is building indexes of documents . Indexing is similar to a search but is much more powerful . An index is a pre-built catalog of all the words in your document , saved as a separate file . After the index is built , whenever you want to search a document , you search the index instead , and searches are almost instantaneous . Searching a regular pdf without an index is quite slow . The real power of the index comes when you index multiple pdf 's at once . You could have 100 reports , or a dozen books , or whatever , pre-indexed , and any future search is very very fast . Indexing is definitely a slick feature and an impressive trick if you create content for end users or clients .2 -RRB- The other important feature is mostly for the advertising/design/print community . Acrobat Pro allows a lot of interaction with press-ready files . You can view separations , preflight documents , and chop large pages into smaller pieces and print any portion of a page you like . If you work with documents for a living , the Professional version is almost a must-have . Finally ... speed . Version 7 is still slow to load . But on a Mac you can leave your computer on for weeks at a time and just leave Acrobat running , so that 's not too big of a deal . You can speed up load times by de-activating plug-ins that you do n't use . If you just use Acrobat to just view documents , you do n't need a lot of the plug-ins . If you use Acrobat professionally , I 'd leave the plug-ins active . Do a Get Info on the Acrobat program , click open the Plug-ins tab , and you can uncheck plug-ins to deactivate . For a full description of each plug-in , look under the help menu while in Acrobat.CONCLUSION
 I have been using Adobe Acrobat for a few years now . I 've used both their Professional and Standard versions . Now , Adobe has released Acrobat 7 . In this review , I will be discussing primarily the features of the Standard edition . However , these features are also available in the Professional edition . Outside of the fact that the Professional version has more workgroup-oriented and enterprise features , these programs are the basically same . I have noted any features available only in Professional in this review.First , what is PDF and what can it do for me?Adobe 's PDF is now a universal format that allows you to preserve the look and integrity of your original documents - Adobe PDF files look exactly like the original pages and fulfill requirements for electronic filing and document security.Not only that , but you can share the files with anyone , whether on a PC or a Mac . Each PDF file has the graphics and fonts imbedded into the file . The user of the file does not have to have the same font set , nor even purchase Adobe Acrobat , because the Reader version of Acrobat is free!New Features in Acrobat 7 * Turn MS Outlook email into searchable documents . This is a great feature . It allows you to effortlessly turn those old emails into the universal PDF format . Acrobat 's searching capabilities make even searching through the longest emails easy and accurate . * Attaching source files . Previously , we have been able to create PDFs from spreadsheet and other formats . Now , not only can you do that , but this new feature allows you to attach the documents with the PDF ! * Improved Browser . Acrobat 's browser has been improved to make searching for documents easier . If you are familiar with the Adobe Photoshop browser , you 'll like the new upgraded browser in Acrobat 7 . * Searching improved . The search feature has been improved when you are looking for files . It is easier to search for files , because now Adobe has made the feature more friendly . You can search by document and text properties on your local computer or across your companies LAN or WAN networked drives.More About AcrobatAlthough many people are familiar with the Acrobat Reader program , they are not as familiar with Acrobat itself . I consult will many business persons and they are just astounded at what Acrobat 7 can actually do for their business . Just the fact that you can collect and assemble output from different types of programs into on universal format floors them every time!Another great point about assembling the documents in Acrobat is the compression factor . With Acrobat , users are able to compress the original documents , thus saving space and making it more efficient to transmit the documents via email or internet downloads.This new version can now also create , and save `` PDF/A '' files for archiving and it allows users to scan paper documents directly into a searchable PDF file saving space and time . Many companies around the country are making the jump to the `` paperless '' environment . Acrobat 7 can definitely help.In fact , I know of an attorney 's office making great use of Acrobat . They have almost converted their entire office to a paperless organization by using Acrobat because of its form creation , reviewing , commenting , approval and signature features . In paper document storage space alone , this office is saving thousands of dollars per year . Even legal documents can be approved , digitally signed and verified in Acrobat.Anyone concerned about the security of their documents has nothing to fear . Acrobat 's security features including the ability to create self-signed digital IDs are terrific ; no matter if you have PDF documents loaded on your website for downloading to clients or if you are emailing the files . For Professional users , Adobe has added a new feature called E-envelopes . With the new E-Envelopes , user can package their PDF files in an encrypted wrapper and send those files securely via email . For company networks , Adobe has also added support for your company-wide security policies using a new feature called Lifecycle Policy Service . The granularity of the security allows the user to pick exactly what they will allow the recipient of the file to do like printing , copying , pasting and so on.Many people are also surprised that Acrobat is n't just for static documents . Users can create interactive forms -LRB- Professional Only -RRB- as well . In fact , I know a client who is an attorney . They have almost converted their entire office to a paperless organization by using Acrobat because of its form creation , reviewing , commenting , approval and signature features . In paper document storage space alone , this office is saving thousands of dollars per year.For CAD and graphics professionals who work with 3D files , Acrobat 7 -LRB- Professional Only -RRB- can now convert these into PDF format for ease of viewing , whether in electronic or printed format . This will allow the users to quickly send their clients views of the 3D object in the universal PDF format without the purchase of additional software for the recipient of the file.Another feature is the new licensing capability that Adobe has added to Acrobat 7 . You can install the program and activate it on two separate computers , which is great if you work at home and at the office as well . Need to install it on a third computer ? Not a problem . The transfer activation feature allows you to transfer the license to another computer . To do this , deactivate one copy and transfer the activation via a simple menu command . If your computers have internet access , the change happens right away . This feature alone may save users money on purchasing multiple copies of the software.SummaryI would highly recommend this product to anyone in business . The easy of use and versatility of Adobe Acrobat 7 make it an indispensable tool , whether you are a legal professional , an IT company , accounting firm , healthcare company or anyone else in business.This is one investment where the ROI will definitely outweigh the purchase price of the software within weeks of normal use . The ability to go paperless and save valuable office space that is now gobbled up by filing cabinets , paper binds and closets alone should make the difference for almost any company.Testing SetupTo conduct tests of the software , the following hardware was used : PC Compatible System -LRB- 2 GHz Athlon Processor , 512 MB Ram , 30 GB HD -RRB- Epson Scanner/Fax/PrinterHP LaserJet 8150DN PrinterFor software tests -LRB- conversion to PDF format -RRB- , the following software was used : MS Office 2003 -LRB- Word , Excel , Outlook -RRB- Photoshop CSLoren ElksGroup Manager , D-MAG . org
 I needed a reasonably priced Acrobat version to create PDF/X -3 files . Version 7 is not the latest , but it does the job . I paid a much lower price for it than for current version 9 . I 'm still using PageMaker 7.0.1 a for layouts because it serves me well , but Acrobat 7 was needed for PDF/X -3 .
 I have viewed PDF files for years , never made one before . The installation was simple , and converting Word , Excel or other files to PDF is one click away . Only annoying thing is the software insisting that it install toolbars everywhere but that is easily remedied .
 The product is easy to use . Like how it intergrates with MS Office applications . It 's been a great tool for providing documents to my clients .
 I 've been frustrated for quite some time now with having Adobe Reader and expecting it should do what Adobe Acrobat can do . I was especially interested in creating PDF 's -LRB- Portable Document Formats -RRB- of Word documents . Although I have Photoshop that can do this for me in a roundabout way , I was n't satisfied with the extra time it took to do so . Faced with the assignment of pulling together a rather large family cookbook , aptly named , `` Death by Cholesterol '' , I felt justified in finally purchasing not only `` Acrobat '' but also `` OmniPage '' , an OCR -LRB- Optical Character Recognition -RRB- software . With these programs in hand it made the project fun to do . Now I have the whole cookbook with its index as a sinle multi-page PDF file that can be read and also printed out by anyone I care to send it to over the Internet . It 's of great value to me now and gives me enhanced versatility even though I 've only used a small part of its capabilities . The reason that I 've only given it a `` 4 '' rating ? I 'm upset that I did n't get the full version , but I ca n't justify doing so . I 'm being petulant !
 The software arrived in two days in the original packing . Fast response and delivery . 100 % satisfied !
 Review of `` Adobe Acrobat 7 Standard `` by Randy Brandon.Pros
 The most immediate feature you will notice about Acrobat 7.0 from previous versions is the load time . Although still not the fastest program , the loading time is cut dramatically from 6.0 . It also does a very nice job of converting webpages into PDF files . Great for sharing.Some of the new features in 7.0 : Adobe Acrobat 7.0 Standard software is the simple way to create and share more secure and reliable Adobe PDF documents . * Create Adobe PDF documents from Microsoft Outlook * Enjoy improved performance * Use enhanced headers , footers , and watermarks * Enjoy improved attachment capabilities * Organize Adobe PDF documentsThe READER is still a free download if you do n't need to create/edit docs .
 I was initially drawn to the product for two reasons
 This product rocks . I scanned a 20 pages pamphlet with my scanner and Readiris converted all the pages into PDF in less than 30 seconds ! It would have taken me the whole week-end to retype it ! Hardly no mistakes ! What baffles me is that it is the only UPDATED OCR software for MacOS ! Highly recommended , you ca n't go wrong !
 It is nice to see that a company has a working OCR software under OS X.The software works well despite many scanner compatibilty issues . These issues can be resolved by getting the latest twain drivers or plug in from the scanner manufacturer.Biggest complaint is lack of customer support and tech support.After leaving many voicemails at various extensions no one called me back until one month later!If you do n't mind the wait the software is well worth it .
 Perfect for creating memory efficient copies of important home documents for organizing and managing home records . Only shortcoming is the price is higher than I think it ought to be .
 The program is all I expected it to be and more - it makes working in the file very easy and I can email the entire file to anyone . Great program !!!
 I have tried PaperPort and other products to `` work '' with . pdf files , but there is NOTHING like Adobe Professional for the office . It 's worth every penny spent on it and has made our office much simpler !
 As a user of Acrobat from version 4.0 I have to say that once the use of a new version becomes familiar , there has always been a definite improvement . New users , of course , don &#8217; t have any choice about what version they will be using , so comparisons to previous versions is rather pointless for them.Users of version 7 should be aware that many of 7.0 &#8217; s features will only be readily available to those using Windows and Acrobat Reader 7.0 to view their documents . Yes , Acrobat Reader 7.0 is now available for Linux , but the installation does not automatically link to any media players installed , and many embedded media files will most probably not be available . Cross document and many other links should also be given due consideration , as they will fail in a Linux installation . If in doubt , check.The &#8216; Reduce File Size &#8217; is a useful feature carried over from 6.0 . This should be used to downgrade an Acrobat 7.0 file for users who will be using Acrobat Reader 5.0 - which is a lot - to eliminate the alert pop up about Reader incompatibility , even though there may be no incompatibility . This will apply to any . pdf with only images and text , etc. . Not doing so has been frequently known to cause a recipient to panic and refuse to open the . pdf . This feature will also have a surprisingly beneficial result for the size of a . pdf . Reducing from 250 - 150 KB . is not unusual . But be sure to check the effect on image quality , if this is an important consideration.The extra integration with MS-Office is more of a nuisance than a convenience , I find . But maybe casual newbies will appreciate this.Anyone using Word for publishing purposes should consider InDesign and Framemaker instead , as they are more properly integrated with Acrobat in the first place.The price of Acrobat has certainly increased dramatically since the days of 4.0 . But then it &#8217; s no more expensive than a decent colour printer , and is a lot more versatile .
 Product was shipped in accordance with promised ship date ; received in condition as advertised . Although there was an initial problem with installation , prompt response from Seller Customer Service resolved the issue . I am very pleased with the purchase .
 Adobe Acrobat Professional make life so much simpler . It allows you to make pdf 's so you can send them to people without microsoft word . All they have to have is the free Adobe pdf reader found on adobe 's website.It also allows you to convert pdf 's back into word documents , or just lets you type in the pdf itself . One of the most useful tools it has is `` scanning to pdf '' so you can scan in a 14 page contract , and it 's ready to go as one email , instead of having 14 different attachments.For students , this product allows you to type directly in your professors class notes that they 've posted online . -LRB- if in pdf format -RRB-
 I 'm pleased with the software . It has provided me with options that I needed on my machine . I look forward to becoming proficient with Acrobat 7.0 Professional 's features as I continue to use it .
 It does everything I hoped for and more !! As a new user of Acrobate , I am very definitely impressed ... in part by the ease with which I am able to learn the program , as well as its functionality !
 This is actually my review for the upgrade product , but I ca n't seem to edit my original review there to add my update . So , I 'm posting it here just so it 's available online : So far , I 'm very pleased with this upgrade from my Adobe Acrobat Standard 6.0 to Adobe Acrobat Professional 7.0 . The installation process went flawlessly and everything still works . Also , this version seems to start up MUCH faster than the previous version . It might be due to the `` Adobe Acrobat Speed Launcher '' which is now in my XP Home Startup Group , but since that does n't seem to lengthen my Windows boot process , it 's transparent , and welcome , to me . A couple of other very welcome changes are that 1 -RRB- Acrobat appears to have linked into Windows Explorer
 Just upgraded from 6.0 standard to 7.0 professional . Installation was and snap and online activation took less than 3 seconds . I notice some people are having a problem with XP SP1 . You do n't want to be running sp1 anymore . -LRB- too many chances for a virus attack -RRB- Program loads on my machine in 2 seconds . No more logo screen with configuration verfication running across the bottom . Form filler works like a dream . Take a already created form , scan it and choose open static form and then make form fillable . Thats all there is to it . If you have a machine with low ram and do n't have a scanner you might just want to stick with the free acrobat reader . But if you want to create and edit PDF files , 7.0 Pro ca n't be beat in my book .
 I train over 100 people per month on Acrobat . It is the only program that can bring the output from all programs together in one format and maintain document integrity . All the students are loving the improvements in Acrobat 7 . The adding of macros into Office Products is a great productivity tool that is universally accepted by all my students . I get several questions per month from students wanting to add the macros when Windows security is set too tight for all the macros to be added . Just printing PDF through the distiller does not create all the intelligence that is available in a PDF document.Adobe is real good about asking for comments from the user community . If you want new features or changes in the next edition there is a portal on the Adobe website for your comments.ISO is adopting numerous standards around PDF . PDF-A -LRB- archival -RRB- will be realeased in the next couple months . It will be the only format that can handle text , raster and vector . ISO PDF-E -LRB- engineering -RRB- is under development - it will revolutionize engineering . Acrobat 7 allows creation of 3-D PDF files that can be annimated and viewed in the Acrobat 7 Reader . Adobe publishes the PDF spec and encourages developers to expand the program . You can purchase third-party plugins to expand the functionality.Finally we have a common format for the computer world to communicate . It will not replace other programs , but will allow us to communicate in one format . Imagine a 3000 page file with outputs from AutoCAD , Word , excel , microstation , scanning and numerous other programs . Now imagine searching everyting including drawings in 2 seconds . With Acrobat 7 you can do it .
 I came to Amazon to window shop OCR options for my OpticBook 3600 Book Scanner -LRB- great device if you do a lot of book or magazine scanning . It 's stopped killing the spines on my books and has two passable but not great OCR tools OEMed in the box -RRB- and thought it interesting that Acrobat came up in my search.What a surprise to read all the angry reviews ! Makes me think I 'm on a different planet.I bought this as an upgrade from 5 back when it first came out . Been running it since a load of times -LRB- got ta be at least a hundred by now -RRB- , grabbing linked web pages by just telling it the main url -LRB- works where IE 's * . mhts no longer will -RRB- , and of course have been using it directly in Word -LRB- XP and 2003 -RRB- to create eBooks.I never really was a huge fan of the OCR but considered that a bonus feature , not a primary one.For everything else it 's worked like a champ in my experience.Unlike the offerings when I bought mine , there are now a lot of other tools out there that create PDF format files so if you do n't want or need the extra features of Pro -LRB- like Forms and web link following -RRB- then try those out , hey $ 400 is a big investment and you should look around for somethng more modest if you do n't need all that Acrobat Pro includes or if the money is going to mean less food on the table for a while.For me it 's been a very good tool .
 Everything loaded and worked as it was supposed to with no problems , but I would have liked to be able to load it for use on all three of my computers without having to go through the `` activation transfer '' exercise . I can load it on all three , but the activation has to be transferred whenever I want to use it on one of the other computers ; also , I believe there is a limit on the number of times I can do this without having to at least explain it to the Adobe people . I am expecting to eventually need to buy , if not the full package for each computer , at least some sort of activation waiver in order to use it on all my computers .
 Recently , I had a choice between using Dreamweaver 3 and Adobe GoLive 5 . When upgrade time came along , Dreamweaver was the one I selected to advance with . UltraDev also gives you the ability to connect your site to a database , invaluable in today 's web world.Dreamweaver is extremely easy to use with very little training . However , the training can be invaluable to helping you utilize every feature that has been packed into this program . Version 4 allows you to build Flash buttons within Dreamweaver . With the addition of Fireworks , you have a complete web studio . Now , all you need is a server .
 I was pretty hard on UltraDev 1 because of the editor . Well , the editor is vastly improved , with color-coded code and will auto-indent for you . Better than that , you can show the window as a split view , with the preview on top -LRB- or bottom -RRB- . This way , your code window no longer needs to hover over your HTML preview.If you can swing it , get the version that is integrated with Fireworks 4 . See my review of this product , because it is truly a rewarding experience -LRB- 5 stars just because of the seamlessness -RRB- to work with the two in concert.The DB functions are nice , and work well , but I prefer to `` roll my own '' in this area by just writing the code.There are many more improved or added features , and a nice bonus is the integration of some O'Reilly books that live in one of the little panes that clutter up your screen . Actually quite useful information esp . about HTML , when you just ca n't remember an attribute name or what have you.An impressive product .
 I am the Internet Manager for an art supply company , and a web programmer at heart . I manage 5 people , and a couple of websites for our company . We bought Dreamweaver and Ultradev 4 copies for everyone about 4 months ago , and I have become completely ADDICTED to this product.I have done more than my fair share of hand coding , notepad was my previous editor . And though the hand coding purists may pooh-pooh this kind of product , I will never go back . This product has allowed me to become about 8 times as productive - and now I expect my employees to be more productive also.The html editing tools are great in themself , but combine this with the ability to rapidly create dynamic pages has allowed me to create all kinds of management tools that in a short period of time - that I used to just daydream about . Instead of thinking - would n't it be nice if I had the time to do ` this ' - I can have things up and working in a day or two.It has allowed me - literaly - to create my own applications , in about the same time it would take for me to explain what I want to another person . Love It !
 UltraDev is an outstanding tool that extends the functions of DreamWeaver to include database connectivity . It 's got more features and functions than DreamWeaver and it is a little bit more complicated to learn -LRB- naturally , your dealing with databases and the coding involved in integrating them with your previously static web site -RRB- . They really should take the WinME out of the platforms on which it will run . You can do it , but have to tinker with your OS instead of just installing it . For best results , get Win98 , 2000 , or XP PRO . XP Home falls into the same class as WinME.So far , this seems like a must have tool for creating dynamic sites . Macromedia makes awesome stuff . If you want to add more life to your website -LRB- s -RRB- this is a great tool to get started with !
 As an asp web developer that also needs to do design work , there is no better single product on the market that can do awesome layouts along with db connectivity . I really like the new sourcesafe integration , code/layout view , and appreciate the clean asp code that ultradev creates with its server behaviors .
 I am an asp web developer that also occasionally needs to do design work . Dreamweaver 4 is , by far , the best design tool on the market and now with it 's developer tools in Ultradev , including ASP/CFML/JSP functionality , Sourcesafe integration and sql utilities it rivals any other tool on the market . The only feature missing is the intellisense capabilities that Interdev has .
 When I first ran this program I was shocked -- Zero Spyware detected about a dozen or so programs that were spying me . This shock turned to satisfaction once I saw how easy it was to have Zero Spyware permanent remove these nasty programs and protect me from new spyware , adware , trojan horses , etc. . Very intuitive and easy to use . I feel safer knowing my privacy and my personal information is now protected . Strongly recommended .
 Of all the suites available including Norton , McAfee , System Mechanic , I like V-Com System Suite 6 Professional above all the others . Unlike Norton & McAfee , SS6 places only one entry in your Startup -LRB- Norton & McAfee places anywhere from 6 to 10 entries in your Startup -RRB- . SS6 is the lightest of all the suites on system resources -LRB- Norton & McAfee , particularly using McAfee 's firewall , are absolute resource hogs -RRB- . SS6 gives you a wide variety of system intensive utilities including hardware diagnostics , `` DiskFixer '' -LRB- akin to Scandisk or Chkdisk -RRB- , defrag -LRB- I do n't use SS6 's JetDefrag , in favor of O&O Defrag -RRB- , Trend Micro 's antivirus -LRB- PC Cillin , Housecall -RRB- , Sygate 's firewall , and countless additional and useful utilities including a clock sync ! Got a heck of a deal on SS6 here at Amazon -LRB- with rebates -RRB- , it 's the only suite I would ever actually pay for . - kd5 -
 I installed it in my new computer with the easy to follow steps and I find that it gives me wonderful protection . I would recommend this product to everyone . I am very satisfied . I feel my computer is very well protected .
 This Is By Far The Best Upgrade To V-Com 's Award Winning System Suite Program!It Is Completely Updated Which Now Has The Follwing Features : - New ! Spyware Removal - New ! Anti-Virus With Cleaner -LRB- Updated -RRB- - Personal Firewall - One Step Maintenance - Diagnostics & Repair - PC Recovery - New ! Integrated Recovery Commander 3 -LRB- Updated -RRB- The CD Version Is Also Bootable Of Which Includes The Following Recovery Tools : - Recovery Commander Options - Partition Maintenance - Secure EraseI Highly Recommend This Product For Daily Maintenace Solutions
 I 've been using System Suite for years . I 'm now using System Suite 10 and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a utility suite . Much better than Norton , Not such a resource hog and intrusive .
 The automatic update frequency of virus data is excellent and very easy . Two sluggish features disk defragmenting and program uninstall -LRB- i.e. , other programs -RRB- .
 Cleans the computer well . All-in-one feature performs many tasks in one step , so no user interface is necessary . I use a separate program for anti-virus , so I ca n't comment on that portion . Good value .
 I got a small computer business , and I recommend this to all my clients . It cleans up the hard drive , personilzed or the safe files . it 'll defrag , but first it runs a smart check of the harddrive . it '' do you ZIP files , it has a very powerfull firewall . The antivirus works perfect and it has aotumatic update with no boxes to click at all . It has disk snapshot , backup of impoetant system files , and it 'll ask if you want to add a system restore point to the deal . Very easy scheduler interface too . It keeps an eye on your disk space and thge anti spyware works great . It has a awesome all-in-one button to do all the above with a safe setting not to mess up anything . There is many options for individual virus scan as folders , files , deep scan quick scan , media scan , custum scan and on and on . it has regystry editor and a awesome regestry defrag . It also has clock syncronizer and a program to check oversized folders . It has sytem monitors which really works awesome and it has PCdiagnostics and System explore to see everything that is happening at your system right now . Media verifier and also a windows error tracker . It has Undo capabilities and other neat recovery tools . It also has many good uninstall applications and even a move application which can move an installed application from one PC to another . This program though takes a little while to do its initial scan , but once that it done you can move it easily . Amazing programming !! Why am I telling you all of this ? Because this program has it all , and it is not just crammed in there , they really really thought about it and made something amazing . I used to have to install many different preferred programs to clean up a PC or repair the registry files and now I am down to but a few . Now do n't be scared if you get overwhelmed by all of this . The program is extremly easy to use on most part . When you click the icon i running programs an overview comes up and it has either a green yellow or red mark telling you exactly what needs to be done , when it was done last time and it all happenst just by clicking the link in that same window . The user interface is VERY easy to use and even the most computer illiterate tells me that they love the program . Trust me , this will take good care of you . Also , if you end up one day with a need for computer repair , clean up , tune up , or rescueing , your Pc repairman will have all his tools right there and you do n't need to purchase any additional software .
 Unlike Norton , I have not had issues with Win98 , 2000 , XP-Pro , nor have I had to periodically reload the OS on the ten assorted machines I have used this Suite on , for many years.I would prefer less keystrokes to perform routine tasks , but will trade that for the lack of headaches and the very good OS optimizing/maintenance . I use homebuilt desktops , Sony , Compaq , Averatec and IBM laptops ; all w/o problems ; all run swiftly as the registry files are much smaller and my HDs are optimized.My other gripe is the loss of multi-machine okay to run it , as with the older versions . There was no warning that my new version would restrict me to one computer , which happened to be an Averatec that died . E-mail contact reset the license to my IBM laptop . I run the software I paid retail prices for in an un-updated mode -LRB- except for anti-virus and anti-spyware -RRB- on the others.I 'd like to see an inexpensive multi-machine option offered .
 I 've been a SystemSuite user for years . when I bought my computer several months ago I thought I would purchase the upgraded version of SS . It worked as good as before , but some parts dont work with WinXP . I always thought it was the easiest of all the utility programs out there . the best part has to be the antivirus protection . it found items and programs that the others didnt .
 I bought Version 5 of this software a few years ago and was very pleased with the many features . A tech at my Isp -LRB- BellSouth -RRB- recommended this software to me . I recently purchased version 6 for my new laptop which is running Windows Xp Pro . Installation was a snap . Updates are frequent and install quickly with my Dsl connection . The software suite has in my opinion more and better features than Norton Pro which I use on my desktop . I really like the Registry cleaner -LRB- fixer -RRB- and the defrag tools . -LRB- They use Trend Micro for virus protection -RRB- The program allows simple maintenance or for more experienced users indepth tools that allow you to maintain and tweak your system . There is a lot of extra programs that come with this software that I did not install after reading some reviews and warnings about using them . However , my personal experience after installing just the System Suit 6 Professional has really been good for me . I bought my copy from Walmart and filled out the rebate following the instructions carefully and I received my rebate after about 6 weeks . I hope if anyone buys this software because of my recommendation will have similar results . I would rate my knowledge of computers as above average , which may be why I did not have any problems with the software .
 I have used SystemSuite since the days that Ontrack owned the business . This edition works great on my XP computer and ME edition . If I have any questions , I simply email their Tech Support and I usually get an answer within 48 hrs and usually the same day , if emailed in the morning hours . They will continue to assist on the problem , as long as I email them further updates . The software easily exceeds Norton , System Mechanic and the free software on the web . I have never had a system problem while using any of the utilities . If there is a problem , pull out the enclosed booklet and read the information . It will explain how to re-do the problem . There is minor upgrades over the SS5 edition , but all for the best . I will continue using this product .
 Seems to work well but does n't allow me to schedule events automaticly .
 I do n't understand the complaints voiced by other reviewers . This is a great first intro to computer games for young kids . It has games that focus on very elementary skills , such as moving the mouse around -- one game involves moving a wagon side to side with the mouse to catch balls that are rolled very slowly down an alley -LRB- you are instructed to catch only balls of a certain color -RRB- . Other games involve counting or recognizing shapes and colors
 This was the best preschool software that I have found . It teaches all of the things your preschooler needs to know . Colors , Letters , Numbers , and more are what your preschooler will have in store when you buy this for them . So go ahead and grab it and help your preschooler learn away .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it.The skill level automatically upgrades -LRB- and downgrades -RRB- as they do very well ... or poorly . There is also the opportunity to ` test ' your child 's knowledge level and set the skill level according to the results.My daughter has learned sequences of the alphabet - at any given point and her hand-eye coordination has greatly improved !
 My 4 year old starting playing this when he was 2 1/2 and still plays it . It is easy to understand and has areas that even the youngest beginners can understand , and as the game get more difficult it is great for older players as well . It has consistent instructions and buttons , so he could play independently without constantly calling me over to help him as he does with other software . It has grown with him and now his 2 1/2 year old brother is starting to play it and loves it . I recommend this package to any parent who is looking to start their child on computer software . In fact , I am writing this review because I am in the process of buying Jumpstart Preschool for my niece who is about to turn two .
 I completely disagree with the `` Lost It '' review . Yes , rewards are given on this game ... but , they are not the main focus . Do n't let the one star review from this shopper discourage you . The skills covered in this game are extensive and age-appropriate . As a first grade teacher , my students use the Jumpstart First Grade program weekly -LRB- lines up perfectly with the first grade curriculum/standards -RRB- . And , my two-year-old LOVES the Jumpstart Preschool cd-rom . The rewards are simply a tool used to help parents and teachers assess what skills have been mastered and where there are weaknesses . Five stars all the way ...
 My daughters -LRB- 2 +9 mos and 3 +9 mos years old -RRB- play these games for hours on end . The littler one has now developed the fine motor control needed to use the mouse so it 's perfect for her . The 3 + year-old loves it but even on the highest level all of the games are much too easy . I am surprised how the girls both love the reward system in the game - 4 correct games gets you 4 train tickets and a ride on the train , and a stamp in your `` passport '' . The kids both try hard to win train rides .
 This is the second title we purchased from Knowledge Adventure . The first , JumpStart Spanish was a good investment , and loved by our boy.JumpStart Kindergarten is another solid effort . Our son thinks that he is playing games , but he is really honing his skills . Basic skills , like counting , phonics , and telling time are included . These skills are critical building blocks for any child 's future academic success.The interface is typical for this type of program . Kids enter a virtual `` schoolhouse '' and click on items that represent the activities to hone/learn particular skills . For example , users click on a clock to go to the telling time activity.One thing we appreciate about the game is that it teaches a skill that we may overlook at times . It is very important for the child to listen to instructions prior to undertaking many of the activities . For example , in a game that teaches counting , users find themselves in a garden with Hopsalot , the rabbit who is the guide . Hopsalong tells users that he needs a certain number of a certain item growing in the garden -LRB- `` I need 7 red roses . '' -RRB- . Initially , our son was not paying attention , and he would be caught off guard when the game started . We kept telling him that he had to be quiet and listen to the instructions . He now listens attentively so that he can complete his task correctly.We will definitely consider purchasing other titles from Knowledge Adventure . We 've been pleased with the 2 products we own thus far .
 My daughter loves this cd-rom , it has many different learning games , and includes phonics , matching , letters , sounds . It 's a wonderful program and also entertaining for the parents . You child will love it . There is a report card area that shows the parent how well your child is doing in the different skills . I was at little unsure about buying this program , but now I realize it was well worth it .
 Hello . I am StoryMaker , a kid reviewer . I reviewed this game a while ago when I was younger , but it was n't really the best review - it was too focused on gameplay and other areas that 90 % or more of readers do n't really care about . So , I 'm making a better one.First of all , JumpStart Kindergarten -LRB- Deluxe version -RRB- was my first JumpStart game ever , and ever since I got it , I 've enjoyed JumpStart games . I do n't remember it from my kindergarten days very well . However , I do know about its `` kindergartener appeal '' because of this young girl I know . When she was in K , I got to play with her sometimes . So , I let her play JumpStart Kindergarten -LRB- the first disc -RRB- . She turned out to like it very much.I 'll be mostly talking about the first disc -LRB- the one BESIDES the Around the World thing -RRB- because I 've had the most experience with it . After all , there 's more to say about it anyway.In the first disc , Hopsalot the rabbit , a friendly animal school-teacher , introduces youngsters to a Kindergarten schoolhouse . The schoolhouse is full of games and activities that are intended to teach Kindergarten subjects . They seem to be more entertaining than educational , but are good for a little bit of educational fun - even if it 's not the world 's most educational thing . It seemed like the girl I know found all the subjects fairly easy , but hey , maybe she 's just smart.Subjects taught include
 My child loved this cd program . He ca n't get enough of it .
 I wo n't repeat what was already mentioned , except ... Do n't hesitate , do n't wait , do n't sit on the fence ! This software is the ONLY reason I 'm passing college algebra with a decent grade . Despite tutors , remedial lessons and extra homework problems , this program is my saving grace!One prerequisite course is now complete . Now to get Bagatrix 's Statistics software for the fall semester !
 this has been a great help to me for algebra . It does not help with word problems but helps show you step by step how to work out each problem .
 I decided to go back to school , but I had only had pre-algebra in high school . I tested into Algebra I , which meant I had a year of math to catch up on before I could take the science classes I needed for my intended degree -LRB- forensic science -RRB- . I used this software along with a book called `` Practical Algebra
 This program is a blessing and a tremendous help . Feeling I 'd never master mathematics of any sort , I was ready to quit trying many times.With this program , however , I gained some confidence and will continue with my College Algebra course , which I need in order to complete a degree.Thank you College Algebra Solved ! You 're great !
 This saved me from having to take a whole College Algebra course . I used the beginner , intermediate , and advanced setting for each subject . I first looked at example problems and how the problem was solved . Before I new it , I was doing it myself and getting 100 % on each test . I was suprizing myself and really understanding this crazy Algebra stuff . I highly recommend this !
 Great product . I am so happy with this product . I know it will help me through my math courses . I played with it for sometime and found it to be exactly what I was looking for to help me . I would recommend this for anyone who has been out of math for sometime or needs some assistance with their homework .
 I purchased this software upon enrolling in Algebra II after just barely passing Algebra I. I was receiving some tutoring at my school 's campus but still found myself struggling with some of the concepts that were necessary in order to pass Algebra II . When this software arrived I immediately started playing around with it and tried to learn some of those concepts I had been struggling with . After just a day of experimenting with the software , I took a test and aced it . This excited me and encouraged me to continue using the software as it had to be a sign of more good things to come . I would definitely recommend this software to anyone who is struggling with college level algebra and for those who are n't taking algebra , I would recommend bagatrix software in general as it appears they offer software similar in nature for a wide array of subjects varying from chemistry to geometry .
 this product is a number one must have . if you are taking math and you are stuck , buy this right away . it help tremendously
 This software is easy to understand and use . It shows step by step instructions on how to solve the equations that you enter . I would definatly recomment this product .
 Poser is hard . Extremely hard . The manual that comes with the software is poorly written and virtually useless . I recommend the VHS `` POSER 5 Demystified '' , which is relevant to Poser 6 as well . This will help get you started.But even with this , Poser , like all 3D animation programs , is going to require quite a commitment from you . Its VERY TIME CONSUMING . There 's just no way around it . Even after you 've figured out how to use the software -LRB- it took me 6 months of trial and error ... and I 'm certainly no expert -RRB- , it can easily take you 8-10 hours to produce a 5 second animation.The problem is that no one can show you `` how '' to make an animation with Poser . They can only show you how the various tools work -LRB- which , as I stated before , the manual fails miserably at -RRB- . You 're going to have to decide what you want to see on the screen , and figure out how to use the software to make that a reality . Example
 I see a lot of bad reviews for Poser 6 but that did n't stop me from buying it . It seems to me that everyone is hung up on the fact that it 's hard to use or does n't compare to their idolized ideals of what they were hoping for . Of course Poser is hard ! You do n't paint your first painting and expect it to come out like a Picasso do you ? You do n't buy a skateboard and expect to skate like Tony Hawk as soon as you get it home right ? So why expect to be able to fully comprehend a new piecse of sophisitcated software in just a few quick clicks . No matter what you do you have to learn -LRB- and I 'd like to stress the word LEARN -RRB- all the basics and then move on to the tricks of the trade . I love Poser 6 it 's not that hard to use if you take some time and work through some tutorials and read some hints from the online community . I also baought the book Poser 6 Revealed
 The first part of my review is for those new to Poser , the second part is for those who have used previous versions of Poser.For new users
 You will probably read 50/50 from the reviews on this software . Having used the older Poser software ... One thing I am a fan of is Miki and Terai Yuki ... Japanese virtual beauties and if you are a fan of Japanese styled video games and the character designs , the fact that e-frontier is now the company behind Poser 6 , I 'm so stoked.Granted , the software with bundles -LRB- best to buy it bundled with other cool software -RRB- , there is a free software out called Daz3D . Daz3D content creators make stuff for Daz3D and Poser and vice versa but no matter if you go with the free program or Poser 6 , the result will be the same ... expect to pay money for content.I highly recommend getting the book `` Pratical Poser 6 '' because it 's very , very informative unlike the manual . Next thing ... before you buy ... mosey down to daz3d.com , contentparadise.com , renderosity.com and ask yourself , can you afford to buy the content . Content costs anywhere from free to over $ 100 + . And the good stuff costs money ... maybe not a lot but it does add up . The next thing to know is that after you buy the content , due to how the hair or clothing conforms to the body -LRB- or how it 's placed -RRB- , they are not organized . To make matters worse is that the names that the creators have called their work are long that the window for the selections -LRB- Figure , Pose , Hair , Prop , etc. -RRB- can get cut off and so , it becomes a bit of a choir to go back and forth to certain folders.But I got used to it and the thing is ... all developers for the content are helpful . Content Paradise is a great place to buy your content as well as from the creators websites as well.There is a lot of trial and error and I wish there were more undos ... because really , although there is an undo ... you mess up ... you ca n't just undo ... you have to start over your from your save file -LRB- and hopefully you saved -RRB- . Nevertheless , the stuff I was able to create in Poser is wonderful . I will say that I have spent a lot not just on the Poser and the bundle but the content . It adds up quickly !!! So , consider the benefits for you . Although I love the characters from Daz3D and the ever popular Foxhair , I 'm more a fan for Poser but still expect to be buying content from Dax3D for use of poser .
 Poser 6 is great.Being a beginner it would probably take me weeks -LRB- or more -RRB- to be able to model a 3d human -LRB- and then it still would look bad -RRB- . But with Poser I can just use their models and morph them with its preset dials -- or I can add my own custom made morph targets.Plus Poser 6 can do a lot more ... It deserves five stars in my opinion.Meanwhile Amazon did not also ship Shade LE in this `` Poser-ShadeLE Bundle '' . However I do n't believe Shade LE is worth my time to deal with , so I never followed up on the transaction . -LRB- It 's probably a nice program if its cheap or free , though . -RRB- The price was good for Poser alone , but since Amazon screwed up , I 'm subtracting a star from my rating .
 ** things i liked about the programit supports importing ojb files , that i make in different modeling programsthe walking path editor works not too bad for simulated walkingand the rigs have good looking emontions when you moves there face features ** what i found to be not so goodthe tabs such as the library and keyframe bar are kind of hidden on the side because of his small they are.I find the slection tool in the hair room to be alittle bit annoying when trying to grow dynamic hair groups . i most of the time end up growing hair on too many facets.the control points are too senative , they end up twisting the body in un-natrual forms.the rendering takes a very long , and the rendering shader doesent always save my settings . i end up transporting the animation to another program to render faster.some of the cloths i cant set them up to be childern to the body parts so they end up not being connected to anything.i 'm sure there more on my mind by i dont have much time to write up an review . just keep in mind 3d animation isnt perfectly easy . a good modeling programs to make OBJ files will go a long way .
 Very good package , having used poser2 for some time 6 is a great improvement , loads of tools and facillities make it challanging at times to use but the results are worth it .
 Poser user since Version 3 . Poser continues to improve.More life-like , faster .
 I have been using Mathematica for years and spent over forty hours playing around with this version just to update my knowledge for this review . And yet , I still feel that I know only a small fraction of what it can do . Without question , it is the most awesome piece of software that I have ever used . With decades of personal experience and having seen and used many different types of software , I am not easily impressed , so this is saying a great deal.In the past few months , I have used it to : * Verify the solutions to exam and homework problems in advanced calculus . * Perform calculations for several research projects that I am working on . * Perform computations in my attempts to solve problems that have appeared in journals . * Perform statistical operations on data for an algorithms class . * Examine and verify the contents of manuscripts that were received in my capacity as editor of Journal of Recreational Mathematics.In fact , I find it so useful that it is now the second most widely used piece of software in my arsenal , trailing only word processors . By my rough computations , I now use it more than e-mail . While I have never used Mathematica in the classroom , it is very easy to learn . I doubt if even a half hour of instruction would be necessary to get a user already familiar with the Windows environment to the point where they could use it . The user interface is clean , although it takes a few passes through some examples before you remember what the specific commands are . I tend to keep a small note of the primary commands near my workstation in case I forget.The speed of the computations is amazing , there is clearly some very powerful algorithms under the hood of this bad boy . In trying some test computations , one million digits of PI were computed in a few minutes and I used a lot of unusual summations , all of which were completed in a matter of seconds . A great deal of time was wasted in my trying to see how complex and unusual I could make the summations before Mathematica finally had to struggle . Quite frankly , I failed in that endeavor , it took the best I could come up with and always computed the correct answers in a short time . While I did not perform any explicit timing tests , my distinct impression was that many of the computations are indeed faster than in previous versions.Given the rapid expansion in the use of XML for data exchange , the ability to store Mathematica expressions in XML form is useful . Exporting information in XHTML format also is another step in keeping Mathematica in tune with the advance of technology . The online documentation is great and while `` The Mathematica Book '' is large enough to serve as a piece of exercise equipment , it is thorough and it is never more than arms length from my computer where Mathematica is loaded.While there are mathematicians whose work would not be benefited by Mathematica , they have to be a small subset of the population . For most of us , it is an indispensable tool , adding to the amount of different things that you can do and also shortening the amount of time it takes you to do them . It is the one piece of software that I would chose if I ever faced the `` if you were stranded on an island with only one program '' question.Published in Mathematics and Computer Education , reprinted with permission .
 I use this software for my calc3-4 classes , and it is unbelievably helpful . At first I strictly used it for calculations , nothing more . Then , I started fooling around with graphs , and I discovered that this software was more powerful than I originally thought . I looked into it some more , and purchased Schaum 's outline of mathematica and Trott 's programming guidebook . I still do n't know everything about this software , it is so powerful . But unfortunately , that 's why it 's so expensive . Find a copy at your university computer lab and mess around with it , because this is really neat software .
 After reading the others , I can see that my review will have to stand alone . I recently took calculus online at a very good university , but it was really just me alone with the book
 I do n't own , and have never used Mathematica , the big -LRB- expensive -RRB- product from Wolfram Research . I put this particular product on my Wish List cause it looked kind of interesting . Turns out , that I guess this is really a scaled down version of Mathematica . Easy to imagine they wanted to be able to get a lower-end product out of the door to lure folks up to the big one.So , it 's pretty cool . Calculated Pi up to 1000 decimal points or so , printed out a google so my kids could see it , etc.The only really irksome thing about this product , is they have this section called `` Demos '' , which seems to a set of links to notebooks that you can run only with `` real '' Mathematica . They have a little parenthetical note at the beginning of every notebook in the Demo section that says something to the effect `` You may not be able to run the calculations in this Notebook with the custom version of Mathematica that you have '' . Um ... duh ! Why do I want to see this ? It 's really teasing , since there is no way I can afford the big product . To be positive , I 'll call it advertising . But for $ -LSB- amount -RSB- or whatever , I 'd prefer the advertising to be the slick flyers inserted in my product box only , not something in my face all the time.Of course , I think I can probably figure out how to get rid of it also ; Mathematica seems to be fairly extensible.Also on the negative , the usability is lacking . The odd syntax I can deal with ; the weird keystroking , and the lack of things I just expect to work -LRB- like scrolling a text area with a mouse wheel -RRB- are the kind of things that bug me to no end.But , in the end , for me , a math - and computer-geek , this is a cool toy .
 There are two sides to this product . The first an electronic `` book '' on mathematics by Stan Wagon , and the second is the system in which that book is presented which is basically a `` lite '' version of the < very expensive > Mathematica package.Stan Wagon writes probably the most interesting and useful books on using the Mathematica system . Here he has collected what amounts to a `` best of '' list of topics that will be enlightening to anyone interested in the study of mathematics.Topics range from prime numbers , to calculus , to how to stack overhanging dominoes and many others.The book is presented in Mathematica 's help-browser format which allows you you navigate through the sections and all the expressions presented are `` live '' in that you can edit them and re-evaluate them using the built-in Mathematica system.Besides the fascinating and well-presented material that makes up the primary content of this title , you you also get a somewhat limited version of Mathematica 4.0.2 using the same `` notebook '' interface as the full Mathematica product . This differs from the professional and student versions of Mathematica by only including a limeted number of the functions available in the full product , but the functions included include all the core features and a typical Mathematica user might go for quite a while before noticing that anything is missing . This version also lacks the irritating node-locked copy protection of the student version -LRB- though the license only permits installation on a single system , it is at least fully transferrable -RRB- . At about half the cost of the student version of Mathematica this package is more than worth its price for either the version of Mathematica it includes * or * Stan Wagon 's excellent mathematical content.Highly recommended.G .
 The ` flagship ' product of Wolfram is Mathematica a large and very expensive program.That program is built on the programming language ` Mathematica ' a system where individual ` code words ' are ` combined ' into commands which can then be used to compute answers for some of the most baffling questions in the mathematical realm.Mathematical Explorer incorporates most of the ` power ' of that program but s much more ` user friendly ' and offers a ` limited ' set of graphical formatting options and graphical commandsThe ` package ' may be viewed in two parts.There is a set of ` guided explorations ' . Quite frankly I read these only to find out the ` built in ' commands ... as ... Range -LSB- -RSB- ... that is built in ` shortcuts ' -LSB- Schamn 's publishes a neat , cheap book called Mathematica which will bring you up to speed on the other commands used . -RSB- The second part of this program is a format able , printable ` worksheet ' . Here , by use of the ` Mathematica ' language you can simply shred homework . It has been commented , only half in jest , that ` calculus ' may not survive Mathematica.Summing up
 Just FYI , e-frontier habitually sells this same package on eBay for $ 79 , 100 bucks cheaper .
 I am surprised that this is the first review for GPO on Amazon , considering the growing following this collection has.This is one impressive product - a comprehensive list of sounds , that work very well together . Obviously the samples in more expensive packages are more impressive in their basic sound , but if used with skill it is truly astonishing what can be achieved with this set - one has only to listen to the numerous user demos on their web site to see for yourself . The situation here is that the sum is in fact greater than its parts.In this price range , there really is n't anything that can compare to it . The quality of the results achievable are good enough for professional use , and in fact it is getting considerable professional application in many different areas.Anyone looking for orchestral sounds , but unwilling -LRB- or more likely unable -RRB- to the spend the thousands necessary for the big libraries should take a look at what is being offered here.Really , bravo to the Garritan team for creating such an impressive library at a price point accessible to almost anyone .
 Garritan Personal Orchestra is a great way to step into the world of giga-sampling . It has realistic samples with a relatively easy to learn interface -LRB- in Kompakt -RRB- . However , the samples are better used in another sampler , such as Kontakt 2 -LRB- or 3 -RRB- . Unlike most libraries , the samples are * completely * controlled by the mod wheel . This is both good and bad.The good
 I originally chose GPO years ago because I wanted to dabble in orchestral instrumentation . However , I was not a professional , so paying a high dollar for good samples was not a practical consideration . After using it , I was able to get professional results , so the price was a bit deceiving . It was far more than what I thought I was paying forI work on a Macintosh using GarageBand , and GPO has far more articulation and nuance control over JamPack 4 . it is absolutely a joy to have an entire orchestra as close as my own keyboard . I use it to help my kids hear what different instruments sound like and to listen for them in Classical music . Listen to the numerous examples and hear for yourself !
 I thought I 'd go on ahead and give a more recent review than 2005 . This library has aged rather well and still sounds amazing . They ARE still working on updates for their latest products so the GPO crew is n't quite dead yet . On to the review though . I found that the sounds were very crisp and clear , and not muddied by reverb that East West and even Miroslav end up putting in to make their product sound rich/full . It 's because of this flat tone that you 're able to go in and tweak everything to your liking -LRB- though the strings do n't need that much tweaking , the brass will require some love and skill to work with -RRB- . It has built in effects but if you 're using this from a DAW , those are n't really going to prove all that useful anyway . I 'm currently using it with FL Studio 10 Producer edition and I 'm loving every minute of it ! For as cheap as it is on Amazon , it 's still worth it to get the download from their website -LRB- 163 taxes and all , but guarenteed to work the second you launch it -RRB- . It 's a great budget orchestra and the steinburg piano alone makes it worth the buy ! Definitely pick this up if you ca n't afford 500 dollars for East West Symphonic Orchestra .
 This is software following the tradition of Nero.Just remember it wo n't let you do anything with video footage from commercial DVDs .
 This product does exactly what it says and in a smoother than average manner . If you are already using Roxio products to burn and archive , then I 'd definately use this . However , there are many free programs/shareware that do the same things this does . Albeit , in a less organized fasion and with a steeper learing curve .
 I 'm not the most technologically savvy person , but I found that this software was easy to use , with intuitive controls and excellent applications . I had no problem at all in crunching my favorite movies and getting them on my iPod . The process was faster than I expected .
 I put videos on my iPod all the time . This is the quickest , and easiest , program to convert any type of video into iPod compatible mpgs.Well worth owning .
 Installation : I installed this on both PC and Mac platforms . Installation was easy on a Mac , but I ran into problems on the PC side . On a Vista PC , it appeared to install but would n't run . I 've seen this on Vista , so I knew the solution was to `` Explore '' the CD and right click on the Setup program and choose `` Run as Administrator '' -LRB- even though I 'm logged in as administrator -RRB- . This is a Vista problem , not Roxio . Installation on an XP laptop worked great.Running it : You pick your video source and the device format to output it to . The output formats are iPod , iPhone , and iTV . Since I wanted it for the new iTouch iPod , I choose iPhone -LRB- same video specs and format as the iTouch -RRB- . If you view the video on your PC , it wo n't look good because it 's downsampled for the small screen of the iPods . On the iPod , it will be very good.The time to make the conversion will depend on your computer . I tried it on a 90 minute movie . My G5 Mac took about the same time as viewing the video -LRB- 91 minutes -RRB- . On my Duo Core 2 PC , it took about 3/4 of the viewing time to render it -LRB- 62 minutes -RRB- . On my Pentium 4 , it took 1 1/2 times the viewing time -LRB- 136 minutes -RRB- . All in all , good quality video and very easy to use -LRB- once you get it installed on Vista -RRB- .
 If you are an Ipod user , this software is a must . It makes video conversion a snap and it 's EASY . That 's the best part .
 When I saw this product it looked perfect for what I was hoping to do . I was hoping to get my wife a Video iPod and load some home movies of the kids as well as couple of our kid 's DVD 's so they could watch them on long drives . There are plenty of kludgy shareware options out there , but I was looking for drag and drop simplicity.What I got was most of what I was expecting . The ease of use is great , it allows her to select her file and convert it to the format she needs easily . Getting video of the kids onto the ipod was great and straightforward . It took time , but she now has a video gallery of our kids to show to friends and family.What I did n't understand was the definition of `` your DVD 's . '' This actually means DVD 's you have created yourself , not DVD 's in your video library . This is not a tool for ripping copyrighted DVD 's . Somehow I was thinking it was like iTunes where you can rip your personal CD 's for use on your iPod . In hindsight , this makes sense , but it did n't seem to be a limitation in the description , nor was there any disclaimer.While it did n't live up to its `` One-stop shop for your video needs '' claim , it is what it is ; an easy way to massage your personal videos into an iPod format . For that part , it lived up to my expectations .
 As has been noted by other reviewers , Crunch will not allow you to rip DVDs containing copy protection . And , like other video rendering software , it is slow and clunky . It has , however , solved a problem for me that makes it worth using.I recently tried to sync videos to my iPhone and found that many videos that played fine on my iPod would not transfer to the iPhone . These included a couple of movies I had transferred using Handbrake Lite and several QuickTime videos I had downloaded as part of an online course . The QT videos had been converted to iPod format using iTunes.After doing some research online , I found this was a common problem because of slight variations in the encoding for iPod and iPhone video . Although some videos will play on both , others -LRB- including some converted through iTunes -RRB- will not.The files converted by Crunch in standard iPhone format play in iTunes , and sync with both the iPod and the iPhone . I was able to successfully convert files that had previously played only in iTunes and on the iPod , and get them to work on the iPhone , too.I tried this software on both a Windows XP PC and a Mac . Both worked well . The Mac interface is a bit cleaner and might be considered easier to use , although both are simple . The main advantage the PC version has is that in addition to a bar showing the progress of the file conversion , the percentage complete is displayed . It makes it easy to estimate the time remaining in the conversion.So this is not the software you want to back up your collection of DVD movies . -LRB- Try Handbrake for that if you are on a Mac . -RRB- But if you want to convert video files to play in iTunes , and on both your iPod and iPhone , this will do what you need .
 I only came to the product page to see what the retail cost was . However , I did not expect to see all these lackluster reviews . So , I will try to provide as much detail as possible as to why I am giving this 4 stars.My actual rating is about 3.5 . My only complaint is the price . As a evaluation copy , I do n't know what the retail price is . So , now that I see it , I believe it 's about $ 10 over my expectation . However , if the Amazon price is 30 % off retail , this is acceptable.So , with that said , this is a no frills video converter . And if you need to convert ANYTHING to an Apple friendly file , this is great . My main computer is Windows , so , dealing with the file formats is just a headache . Now , it is not.We are not automatically sent evaluation copies , we have to request it , therefore , I really wanted this . I run several entertainer web sites and I have a couple of them with or about to start podcasts . I have a boxes of VHS and DVDs sitting here , as well as video files of all types sitting on discs . Trying to find something to deal with this mess was making me insane.My current method of making an iPod ready file took up to three software programs . Windows Movie Maker , Pinnacle Studio Ultimate 11 , and Super AV Converter . WMM is fine for quick projects , but I have to use it to resave a file I just created using Pinnacle and the SAVC . Running all three programs is just a system overload . Pinnacle alone is a memory killer . Pinnacle is ok , I use it and get by . But SAVC is just completely useless.Now comes Roxio Crunch , and I am so happy . It 's a light program , runs quickly , loads video with no problem . You can choose to make a file for iPod , iPhone and even AppleTV . You can also choose to upload directly to itunes for your next ipod update . For personal use , this is completely perfect . If you simply want your videos on your iPod , and the simplicity of opening the program , browsing for your file , and upload to itunes ... you 're done.The only slight drawback is if you have a huge workload . It does take a few minutes to do it 's conversion thing . But , in my case , I am working with recording artists and music videos etc. . So my videos are 3-5 minutes long . And this is so perfect for YouTube too.There are no directions . And it 's a very simple interface . It 's a very specific needs program that does it 's job , and in my experience , the best at it so far .
 The software itself has little value , the value of the product lies in its one-year free subscription to -LSB- ... -RSB- . The first year I bought it I found the free subscription key on the bottom of the box and subscribed successfully to clipart.com , which saved me more than $ 100 . I bought it again , the second year , but it came without the box , but the company I bought it from -LRB- Cyber City Software -RRB- were kind enough to send me the key number , which has again saved me more than $ 100 .
 My high rating is based on seeing others ' installations of Tiger.I ordered mine from Amazon on April 12 , 2005 and it still has not shipped !!!!!! I 'd cancel if the price was not so good .
 you dont have to save a word document every 10 min with tiger because it will never crash . and it is real easy to use , my 92 year old grandma can use this . and it is not just all flashy stuff , this has the power of a high level server . Windows cant touch this , but ill bet they will shure try to copy -LRB- like they always have -RRB-
 I ordered mine on APril 13th and as of Tuesday , May 3rd , Amazon has yet to ship ! I think I 'll be reducing my business with Amazon as their shipping delays have gotten worse over time .
 I placed my order April 12th ; it is now May 9th and Amazon says my estimated ship date is May 5th -LRB- free shipping of course -RRB- also I do n't see the reference to the $ 50 coupon for the 5 user version - the coupon requires order placement -LRB- not shipping -RRB- before 5/31 so I bet all more profitable orders will go out first ... I 'm not in a rush but this -LRB- shipping delay -RRB- is still frustrating .
 It takes so long for Amazon to ship the OS X Tiger product . Plus , the estimated shiping dates change depending on the chosen shipment method . If Free shipment is chosen , estimated shipping date is always pushed later than when paid shipment . Is it a kind of discrimination ?
 I just got this . It is so easy to install . AND I AM ONLY 14 !!!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHHI have installed it on my friend 's comp , mine , dad 's , mom 's , and sistersso many good features BUY IT !!! i like the dashboard feature wait till i show off at school with it :P on my nice 1.67 ghz powerbook that runs Tiger faster than Panther
 I upgraded my three Macs -LRB- Dual 2.5 GHz G5 , 1.67 GHz PowerBook G4 , and 800 MHz iBook G3 -RRB- from Mac OS X 10.3.9 . All machines had trouble-free installations and are working perfectly.Most of the new features are nice , but Spotlight is AMAZING . It has already changed the way I work , and will probably revolutionize the way I use my Macs . Other improvements worth noting include Dashboard -LRB- convenient and easy to use -RRB- , Automator -LRB- like Photoshop Actions for Mac OS X ! -RRB- , Smart Folders -LRB- in Finder and Mail , really handy ! -RRB- , easier printer setup , support for PDF Forms in Preview , built-in Dictionary/Thesaurus , ... Nearly every aspect of Mac OS X and nearly every bundled application and utility was improved in some way , though . I am really impressed .
 With the new version of tiger , unless you have a dual driver , multi camera isight is not possible at all . WHAT A DOWNER . just to let you know if thats a big reason you are buying it .
 I converted from windows earlier this year and was delighted with Panther . Now I have Tiger and it is fantastic . Spotlight alone is worth the price of the box . These people really have an affinity with the user and know how to make using a computer a pleasurable experience .
 I bought the `` Family Pack '' and so far have installed on two computers -- a 12-inch laptop and a 5-year-old G4 . The new system is quite impressive -- I 'm very happy with Dashboard already , and this can only become more useful as people come out with more Widgets . Spotlight caused a slowdown for about the first hour after install , as it indexed my hard drives , but this appears to be a one-time issue . Spotlight is amazingly fast at finding information , and the `` Smart folders '' in Finder will no doubt prove useful in ways I have n't thought of yet.The only issue I 've noticed with the update is that Windows network printing appears to be messed up -- a trip to the Apple discussion boards confirmed that a good number of other people are having the same issues . Thus , if you need to print to a Windows-connected printer on a network , you may want to wait for 10.4.1 or so -- Apple no doubt has a bugfix in the works.Overall I was very impressed with this new OS . I started on OS 10.1 ; 10.2 was a good update ; 10.3 was probably not worth the price as an update . 10.4 is unhesitatingly worth checking out .
 Intallations were simple
 I 've never lost any files on my computer . I ca n't remember the last time Tiger crashed on any of my 4 computers . I 've never had a virus or spyware . I 've never had to reformat my hard drive . No one has ever hacked any of my networked pooters.A lot of this is because of my computer background . But I rarely need to call on that background . Tiger is fast and I do n't have to fuss with it unless I 'm bored .
 What can you say about the best operating system in the world !!! It Rocks ... everything about is great ! Get it . Use it . You will not be sorry !
 I decided to write a review after I noticed two reviewers -LRB- DOPES ! -RRB- chose to give the OS one star , not because there 's a problem with the OS , but because they did n't get theirs yet -LRB- WAAA -RRB- . I bought the family pack because I have four computers to update . The upgrade was a snap on all four machines . And this is a great operating system . I especially like spot light , it makes finding anything on your computer a piece of cake . They have also enhanced the creation of pdf files which I use a lot to store email and web pages . I think that at least in my case I 'm noticing a speed increase.And now we know that this OS has been designed to run on an Intel chip as well as the IBM chip . So do n't worry , be happy and get this upgrade .
 Now this is a great software program ! Although I have already written and published two novels , -LRB- `` Devil 's Game '' and `` My Friend Sam '' -RRB- with three more in the works , this program adds a great deal of `` splendor '' to your efforts . It strongly `` urges '' the aspiring novelist to think out his/her characters in advance . This offers more opportunities for them to go off in interesting tangents . I recommend it very highly !
 I have been trying to write a true story for years , I am not a writer , so this a first and only book . This program u.locked writers block . In two hours , I received the online download for $ 51 , and finished through chapter two . Pages are flying . I can edit and ad d pictures later.Thank you New Novelist !
 I have had New Novelist 2.0 and used it to start the novel I was going to use for the NaNoWriMo . Today , when I tried to open it and check on the pages I 'd done , it would not open.I got an answer of ` Run-time error ' 0 ' . ' I tried to reload it but it would not work . Now I found out on the New Novelist 3.0 page that they quit doing anything for 2.0 in 20011 . Now I do not know if I can ever see those pages I had written and know I 'll never reproduce them the same.SO I would n't get 2.0 now ! I 've tried to get the 3.0 but I ca n't get it to download . Sheesh.I am having a very bad day!Michelle Brown
 I ordered this a few days ago , the package arrived yesterday and I 'm absolutely thrilled with this program . I consider myself to be an experienced writer , but it has taught me many new things and I 'm very pleased with it.It takes you right from the beginning of writing any kind of story , and takes you through each step . It does n't give you all the answers , and the finished result wo n't be a clich&eacute;d or formulaic story . Do n't think that this program will just hand you the skeleton for your story . Rather , it shows you examples of other skeletons and informs you about what pieces you might think about including . At no point does the program restrict your creativity.The software is divided into sections , where you can design the book 's different worlds and locations -LRB- including sections with everything from economical history to creatures to the smells of the place -RRB- , your own characters -LRB- with lots of helpful hints to get you started and many different screens to develop your characters in -RRB- , the storyline and much more.I 'm very glad I bought this product and I think that any future author needs this useful piece of software . It 's turned about two hundred documents of scrappy , disorganised notes into one neat file and my writing is storming ahead . I fully recommend this product .
 I purchased this software approximately 1 month ago . It shipped quickly and I received it within a week of purchase.The layout is simplistic , more of an organztional tool for the scatterbrained among us , rather than one of those restrictive plug-your-own-character-into-a-generic-plot-line programs . I was looking for software that would gently provide me with a loose structure instead of forcing me down narrow alleyways of predicability , and this program does just that.Some of the previous reviews mention the lack of spellcheck , ability to bold , italicize , etc. , but the version I have includes these features . It also includes an audio readback feature which I find extremely helpful with sentence structure and flow.I can not give this product five stars because in the process of transferring Word files into NewNovelist however , I encountered a bug that caused me to be unable to open a specific saved ` novel ' without the program closing inexplicably . While the online help fAQ provided little help , the customer service folks were very attentive and apologetic . Although they were unable to offer me a fix for my specific problem , and assure me this is an anomaly , they did refund my purchase price -LRB- including shipping -RRB- without my even asking them to do so.So while I 'm a bit skittish to lose any more work should such an error repeat itself , and will no doubt back-up all of my writing with Word , I look forward to giving NewNovelist another shot.A fine product from a company with an almost unheard of level of dedication to its customers ' satisfaction .
 I had been toying with the idea of writing my own Novel for pretty much most of my adult years , but never knew that apart from sitting in a darkened room for a year or so and wracking my brains for ideas and poetic prose all by myself , that indeed there could be such a thing as software to help me actually compose , develop and complete my novel to publishing standard.Enter - New Novelist - what a brilliant - well thought out and completely revolutionary invention !!! When I found out that help is out there , I assessed 3 or 4 different types of software that claim to help you write a book or novel . Hands down - I found New Novelist be the Best of The Lot!The software asked me to firstly outline my characters , their backgrounds etc , then moved onto the setting of my novel , locations and situations , it added critical elements to any thriller such as suspense , suggestions for endings , suggestions for beginnings and truly guided me all the way through my novel . Unbelievably I am half way through a 400 page novel beginning from scratch just three weeks ago . I 'm so excited that I 've already started contacting publishers to take on my Novel which I am confident of completing within the next two weeks - Thank you New Novelist !!! If anyone out there has ever used Macromedia Director to create digital movies - you will know the degree of depth that this software goes into to create the perfect masterpiece - Just Imagine New Novelist to be the same thing but applied to writing books - What a breath of Fresh Air!Good LuckM.SethUK
 I work as a professional copywriter and have a lot of usage of scripts and copywriting material.I am now thinking of a storyline for a book I want to write and found newnovelist software on Amazon which I thought may help me out.This software is really fun to work with , and exciting too as it enables me to formulate my thoughts and provides lots of ideas on improving the storyline . I thought I had everything planned perfectly until I started to use newnovelist . I found so many new ways of thinking about the structure and outline of my book and now feel that it has improved my writing immeasurablyDelivery was swift and I sincerely can not put a price on how much it has helped me with my masterpiece.I would recommend this software to anyoneD.Broadrick
 This review is for NewNovelist 2.0 running on XP.Summary
 This program shows the viewer vivid pictures of the countless Amazonian creatures ; fish , reptiles , mammals , birds , amphibians etc. . Its an awesome way to learn the rainforest habitat
 I loved this game when I was younger . Do n't forget to go to land often to take pictures , its help fill your shield at the end . Also , trade for items you do n't think you 'll need .
 With the exception of one -LRB- big -RRB- negative , this has been a terrific upgrade . There is no doubt that this is an ` optimized ' system , as my Mac G4 is blazing through things faster than ever . Standards like iPhoto and iTunes still put Apple on the cutting edge , but new features like Safari and the Dashboard/Widgets are great for making your life easier . So , what was the one big negative , you wonder ? When I upgraded , my modem driver went AWOL . For four long weeks I was without internet access ! Apple engineers worked hard to solve the problem -LRB- which was very rare , but I was not the only person to suffer from it -RRB- , and Apple Tech Support people were fabulous about keeping me posted as to what was happening during my long wait -LRB- via phone since I did n't have email -RRB- . Happily my ` puter is now fully up and running due to an upgrade sent from Apple , direct . Despite this * big * hassle , I have to say that I really like Tiger and I would definitely recommend it to fellow Mac users . The speed and ease of the operating system make it worth the money .
 I have purchased and repurchased many Edmark/Riverdeep products and always been impressed by the quality of their work . I am a teacher and I find the programs lots of fun . Sometimes I even play them myself , especially if a student has left one running at the end of the day . Enjoy !! Catherine
 My son has played with this computer game since he is 5 , and now at 7 still goes to it often . He thinks it is fun and really has to think through the games and does n't even realize how much he is learning . I think he 's been able to play it so long because he can customize it to his own difficulty level of preference . In fact , he played the first one so much that when it was accidentally broken , we bought a second one for him because he was heartbroken that one of his favorites was broken . I was happy to buy the second one since this one makes us both happy -LRB- he has funny , I like that it teaches him things -RRB-
 I think this collection contains every piece of clipart ever created . After spending hundreds of dollars on other packages over the years , finally a solution for every project . Thanks , IMSI !
 This is fun , but i had to run dosbox with windows 3.11 installed then download video and sound drivers . Not that hard to do , but its a great game onces it playing !
 Gizmos & Gadgets is a great game but I found it will not run on Windows XP due to the lack of MIDI functionality in XP . I have not been able to find a work around for this issue
 I used to play this game , and I used to imagine playing this game looking for pieces to build model rockets rather than race cars . Helps teach about how vehicles work . If you reach the rank of Head Scientist , there is a Wile E. Coyote/Sylvester-ish plot-the Master of Mischief tries to steal the Super Solver 's trophy with a hook , but the hook pops the blimp .
 I got this game shortly after I got my first computer , and I spent hours playing it ... the graphics do n't meet today 's standards , but the science still applies . I remember that I beat the thing once , but that was only without the monkeys.The game has a sort of plot line , the plot being that Morty 's taken over a place called the Shady Glen Technology Center along with his Cyber Chimps . He 's challenged you to a sort of science-contest to see who can build the best vehicles ... and , believe me , it takes a LONG time to beat this game.You have to build fifteen vehicles , using the parts available in warehouses at the Shady Glen center . You have a lot of doors per room , and you have to complete science puzzles to open the doors . Some doors have parts behind them , and some do n't . And the parts that you get are n't always the best ones . On any account , there are chimps running around everywhere that bump into you and take your parts . Very complicated ... but you can turn the chimp feature off.When you win -LRB- if you win -RRB- , you get a ` surprise ' . If you want to know what it is , it 's a printable certificate . Yeah ... But this is a great way to learn science - I loved it , anyway . And there are still some puzzles that I have trouble figuring out , especially the ones with the cogs . And be warned - I do n't think that this game works with Windows XP .
 First of all it is for ages around 8-14 I would say . It is really nice and I play it every time I get a chance too ! It makes learing so much fun and I think they should make more as one for xp also . It is so much fun I suggest you buy it today!P.S . the music is nice too !
 Personally I grew up to the Super Solver collection and loved almost all of them . Gizmos & Gadgets , as well as Treasure Mountain by this collection were one of my favorites.Only downside to this CD though , is the huge problem that most newer PC 's tend to have . It wont run . Even with Compatibility the disk refuses to use upgraded software and hardware to maintain its ability to function.Unless you have the proper software like DOSbox -LRB- which is still a pain to manage -RRB- or a PC using windows 98 or lower , you wont enjoy this game properly without a HUGE hassle and well thought out effort .
 brings me back to fourth grade , now i 'm way better at it and works fine even on my new computer
 I almost literally grew up playing this game -LRB- I was 8 or 9 when it was released -RRB- . Though officially for windows 3.3 and higher , when my family got this the only computer we had ran Win3 .1 , and we never had any problems with it -LRB- let 's here it for 486 pcs with 500mb of hard disk space , and 16mb of ram ! -RRB- . Though that Computer was eventually upgraded to Win98 , we always had that game installed on it until the computer was finally retired for service when I was 17 . Now , 6 years after THAT , I 've got it reinstalled on my high-end gaming rig , using a virtual machine to run win 3.1 -LRB- because it will probably always be my favorite OS -RRB- inside Win7 64-bit . With this setup , It runs flawlessly , with no error messages.Adults , get this for your kids , and go through the trouble of getting a computer to run it , rather its through a virtual machine like I did , one of the methods other people have described , or simply installing Win98 or earlier on a computer . I 'm studying to be a computer engineer , and it is because of this , Bill Nye the Science Guy , and a Lego Robotics class that I took after I graduated from high school that I am . It 's never too young to get into science , and one is never too old to play this game -LRB- I 'm 23 , and I still play it ... my mom is in her 50 's , and she still plays it -RRB- .
 I played this game growing up , and it was an excellent game . After hearing my friend talk about this game , I decided to buy it and relive some childhood memories . Unfortunately I have Vista 64-bit , which is not compatible with this game . I 've tried running it by going to properties and messing with the compatibility , and I 've tried running it through a DOSBox player , but it keeps saying that ssg is an illegal code and wo n't run the game . If anyone has any ideas on how to make this game work , please let me know ! This is a really amazing game and I 'd really love to play it again .
 We had this game when our oldest son was little & he loved it . Just had to find it again for my youngest . Both are creative & loved the challenges presented . They even competed with their Dad to solve the puzzles first . Wonderful for children with short attention tho can be a little frustrating if they do not have the patience to keep trying for solutions . Well worth the money .
 This is probably the best Learning Company game ever put out ! I used to own it when I was about six years old , but then the disk got scratched and it did n't work . Then , about six years later , I was surfing Amazon.com and said , '' I wonder if they still sell that game . '' , So , I typed it in and there it was . I was so excited that I almost died ! Anyway , you are a submarine looking for pieces to a crashed space capsule . And you have to outrun -LRB- or shoot with ink pellets -RRB- many kinds of fish , and if you get hit by them you loose a little bit of oxygen -LRB- which you get at the beggining of each sector , or when you hit a dolphin -RRB- . The game is pretty long , and will keep you busy for a while , which is good because you never get sick of it ! I call this game a , `` hidden gem '' , because not many people know about it ! In all this is a must-own game , and Amazon sells new copies for VERY low prices so I suggest that you buy it now !
 This game is wonderfully educational and almost addictive in its plot style . I played this game in elementary school as a girl , and wanted to pass it on the the next generation . I would recommend this game for any family .
 Although it does n't have the flashy 3D graphics of modern veideo games , Operation Neptune makes a great program for teachers . If you are stuck with a old donated PC , it should run for you and keep the kids interested -LRB- think
 I remember when I got this game , along with my first computer ... I think that it was a Windows 98 . Seems like a LONG time ago , but this game was about the best that it got.It supposedly teaches you math , and it does . I think . But the whole reason that you play it is because it gets addictive - and I 'm not quite sure why . You swim around the ocean picking up gray shells and red-green-gray things , and you get pieces of an outer-space transmission that is supposedly part of a shuttle that fell into the water.There are two levels , voyager and expert , and both levels are different , which is pretty cool ... the graphics are not great , I 'll admit to that . And I 'm pretty sure that it does n't work with XP . But , the point is , when it came out , I had some kind of great time playing it . And I probably still would , if it worked with my computer ... reminds me a bit of those old arcade games that have two bars and a ball thing , and , amazingly , it keeps you occupied for hours ...
 In this game , you are a submarine sort of thing . You get to navigate your way through the ocean reefs to find little message capsules that will eventually lead you to a ship that needs assistance -LRB- ? -RRB- . I have never finished the game , but then again , it takes a long time . It 's lots of fun , though . You have an air supply , and every time you hit a fish , or something shooting from a fish , or certain plants and parts of the ` walls ' , then you loose air . You get air at the beginning of every level , and you can get extra if you touch a dolphin with an air pack on its back . Every once and a while you will have to answer a question , most -LRB- all ? -RRB- of the time involving math . If you get it wrong , you loose air . Also , you have ink balls to throw at fish and plants that with keep them away from you while you go past . As the levels progress , it 's harder to navigate to get all the capsules , the math questions are harder , and there are more difficult fish you have to get by.So it 's not a character or adventure game , it 's a learning game , but it 's fun . I ca n't really say the age level of the game , considering everyone is different , but I 'd say between 11-14 years of age this game is best for . -LRB- p.s. I was 14 years old when I wrote this review . I enjoyed it for years ! -RRB-
 My dyslexic child 's reading specialist recommended this to us . My daughter often uses it -- her own choice -- to study her week 's spelling words . You can enter your own . The game also comes with spelling lists . The only reason I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars is that it is confusing to use at first . My daughter really had to work on figuring out how to enter her own spelling words . -LRB- I had given up ! -RRB- It also seems to be a bit old . Works fine on our Mac . Might not work so well on a Windows machine .
 My 3rd grade twin boys use this everyday to practice their spelling words each week . They enjoy playing the 3 games to get enough points to make it to the Spelling Bee . There are 5 levels that the kids can work on with all of their spelling words . The 5th level spelling bee is in front of the White House . The spelling bee opponents are funny-looking robots that the boys still laugh at when they see them.You can create your own spelling lists and activate and inactivate each list for that level . Since it is an older game , the graphics are very simplistic and I have not found a way yet to delete older saved games , but overall it is a great game for practicing spelling .
 Although this is an older product , I have not been able to find anything comparable in the current crop of educational software . This application is simple to install , uses the same spelling games as our elementary school teachers , and provdes ability to enter your own list of words . For all the parents out there who had to police little ones ' spelling homework , this is easier on the parent and more enjoyable for the kid .
 Bought this game for my son . Still had most of the other learning company games from when I was younger . He loved them .
 I am still using the 1993 version . I used it with my first grandchild . I am still using it with my 5th , who is in 4th grade . They have all enjoyed the interaction , the games which are still in sync with their classrooms . They appreciate the instant feedback and the extra bonus points when they hit 100 % . Would someone please update this for newer systems and older grades . I have also used this in teaching situations for remediating students who are far behind .
 Uncomplicated installation . My wife who has the degree of Master of slavonic Languages is happy to have this edition installed on our new PC -LRB- Windows 7 -RRB- . She has worked with the program for about 7-8 years and I hope for many years more even if both of us are resp . soon will be 83 years old.Kind regardsH.Knudsen
 Very informative.lot 's of information and really easy to follow.I was able to get started right away , because of the ability to control the progress of the lesson.also with a clear picture , it ca n't get any better , than being in a hawaiian language class in person . .
 This item is very user friendly and is a very good way for a beginner to learn Georgian . The software has good examples of pronunciation , and even lets you compare your voice to their recordings . It has memory games as well to allow you to quiz yourself at the end of a lesson . I wish they had the next level in the series !
 I bought this CD for my first studies of Georgian language . I was suprised how fast i learned first words and how much fun i had playing these study-games . I would definitly recommend this study material for the beginners . I am searching to buy next study level from EuroTalk .
 I have bought too many Italian cds in hopes one would be fun enough to keep my attention . This one does ! I got it yesterday and was up until 3am playing on the computer . The games are really entertaining and I have already learned so much ! This is way better than any of the other cd games I 've purchased , and I 've purchased just about all of them . This can keep track of your score and several other players . You get to decide what games you play and at what level . I am anxious to buy the rest of the series as soon as it 's available ! I 've never written a review before , but was compelled to this time . You 'll really love this cd of games and vocabulary ! It 's fantastic !
 I bought alot of games for my 3 year old son . Most were to hard for him . This one is great it teaches alot , patterns , shapes colors , sorting , numbers !!!! He loves it picks it over the car games like tonka and hot wheels . When he would rather learn then play a car game that says it all !!!
 I really recommend this for young children . It teaches them patience , and listening skills that will increase their attention span . My daughter is 3 and enjoys it very much . Note she is a little young for it , but I wanted to start her early and she plays on the Disney web site so much I decided to broden her learning . Since I have a 1yr old and in school now I do n't sit and teach her as much as I used to and I wanted to fill in that gap in a way she will enjoy.If you plan to home school like me this is a good way to start your children out . I 'm going back to school to be more prepared to home school my children and this is great to prepare them.As they get older I will continue to buy this product for the upper grade levels .
 I 'd agree with a lot of what was said in the other review , the good and the bad.But the key factor in . Mac which is the clincher is Syncing . The ability to have multiple calendars , addressbooks , bookmarks and email synced across distributed computers and available online to you on any computer is reason enough for a lot of people to subscribe.I think it should be 50 bucks myself :0 -RRB- but Amazon is the place to buy ... it 's usually cheaper here than in an Apple Store and if you can get free delivery and no taxes you are better off .
 Not a great value for the money . Access to iDisk is slow , whether uploading or downloading . Having a . mac email is kinda cool , but I already have 4 other emails with my own domain , so I hardly use it . The other . mac features are nice but have n't really used them yet either -LRB- I 've had . mac for over two years . -RRB-
 A great program for working with photos . Arrived just as advertised . Would deal with this vendor again .
 I have used Photoshop , and actually like this software better . You can even make GIFS with it , and is wonderful for simple artwork -LRB- painting -RRB- or editing or cleaning up photos among other things . It is a very versatile program , and I never would have known the joys of this program if my uncle had n't given me a bunch of old CDs from the software company he worked at ! Thanks !
 One of the easiest photo programs around . Lost mine when some *** hole dropped a virus on me , then wanted $ 59 to send a fix and I had to reformat my system.Definitely the best for beginners too .
 I got this product free with a scanner I purchased a long time ago . I was amazed by the features and missed it after I gave the scanner away . I am very glad I was able to find it and purchase it .
 This program was ordered to find a smaller Ulead PhotoImpact program than the newest ones to work in Windows 7 . It does work in Win 7 without the slower load time of Ulead PhotoImpact 10 & 11 and is just what I needed . Program , price and service are excellent from Amazon .
 I had been looking for this CD for quite awhile . I was surprised to find it when I was looking for something that was similar to it . Thank you .
 I read the reviews about entry-level backup products , and bought this after reading PC Magazine 's recommendation.The capability I use is very similar to the Window 's XP built-in backup capability , but it actually seems to run the scheduled jobs . -LRB- Windows backup gave me nothing but grief -RRB- . I do recommend checking the backup status every few weeks ... turns out that when you install the NavBACKUP product , the serial number is not required ... for 30 days . After that , the scheduled backups stop without any notification . -LRB- I backup data to other hard drives on my home network . -RRB- Only after manually launching the application did I realize that this was the case.I have never used NovaBACKUP for disaster recovery -- fortunately . There is no replacement for a good backup system , so get yourself this , or some other . For the basic computer user 's needs , NovaBACKUP should fit the bill nicely .
 This software works ! It does back-ups , copies , and mirrors . I had to access my external drive from my laptop after my main business computer developed a software problem . All my Nova back-ups were there and worked.I had left a message on their customer support voice mail on a Sunday . They called me as soon as they opened on Monday . They stayed on the line 30 minutes with me - they answered all questions and walked me through ALL features of the product.It is easy to use and follows the Windows Explorer format .
 This was a great beginning tool . The format is very fun and easy to use and I felt like I learned quickly . It would be nice if there was a more advanced program available as this program has a very limited number of words , mostly nouns , and I did n't feel that it helped me much towards conversation .
 This maory learning software taught me a lot . I 'm a maori beginner and it taught me basics . Now , I can go to a higher level .
 This title will not make you a master but is great for getting your vocabulary level up .
 This Little Mermaid print studio came highly recommended when I was reaseaching ideas for my daughter 's `` Under the Sea Mermaid Party . '' We used practically everything they offered and although you 're limited to some formats , it was still fun ! The cd is very user friendly and the music and sound effects are fun . The kids loved listening to it.We made invitations along with placemats for all the guests and they each got a seating card at the table . We made banners for all around the house , stickers with all the characters for decorating the streamers and labeling the food on the tablecloth . My daughter and I decorated the coloring pages and hung up as decorations and we even made photo birthday cards for friends . We 're planning on making photo thank you cards too.It was the best $ 5 spent on this party and in the long run I saved money in decorations alone . I will continue to use this with my children .
 I 've recently been reading a ton of complaints around the web about the Symantec Norton Antivirus and Internet Security Suite of software . The following little review has been written in response to those complaints : One of the biggest complaints that I read about Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security is the cost . For me , however , the annual upgrade on Norton Products always ends up free -- at least it has since the turn of the millenium . Inevitably if you wait long enough their rebates come out that make the upgrade to the new product absolutely cost free . This holds true even with their full suite which may retail at $ 70 , but I 've managed to get 5 copies for various computers I manage at a final cost to me of $ 0 . Actually , with Amazon.com because I get a discount because of the A9 search engine , I think I 've managed to earn a couple of bucks by installing Norton Internet Security . Next year , I 'll use the rebates to do the same.With Internet Security , the concerns of many people who are against Norton and Symantec -LRB- especially firewall -RRB- with the exception of the resource hog issue -LRB- Symantec really needs to address this issue -RRB- are handled.Symantec needs to fix their technical service side of things by offering free help of at least some sort . They need to tone down the issues of resource hogging . But as lon as they offer me free upgrades every year and consistently maintain virus-free computers -LRB- 6 years virus free on all on the computers I 've managed
 I do n't know why so many other reviewers complained about installation problems . This product installed the first time without a single hitch . The product information states that the installation might be unsuccessful if there is a virus in the system , so let the program perform the virus scan when it requests to do so . As far as the interface , it 's typical Norton and looks like Norton Internet Security . I did have to search for the anti-virus scanning scheduler which did n't seem to be in a logical place but once found , scheduling scans was easy . The `` one-touch '' feature is a conveinent way to do all the scans that SystemWorks performs . This is a fine product and worthy of the Norton name .
 This is a really great set of programs from Norton/Symantec THE ORIGINAL NAME in PC utilities . I can remember buying the Norton Utilities back in the mid-1980s and since have not been disappointed . The big advantage of this software is -LRB- 1 -RRB- no annual renewal this was published before that annoying feature -LRB- 2 -RRB- this program has Go-Back which will return your PC to an earlier state which can be a lifesaver . No Go-Back in today 's world so this is a real treasure .
 I installed without any problem because I delete all of programs and reinstall win XP in my harddisk before installing the product . It 's compatible with WIN S Pack 2 indeed . I think the problem of Norton software always happen because it easilly cause software conflict . NAV is great . Pretty much better than Mcafee , Panda and so on . The scanning is fast and efficient . However , I do agree with you that the support and its troubleshooting is bad . Sometimes , it 's useless
 I 've actually got 2003 pro , and 2001 Utilities , System Works isan essential toolkit for Windows health.I am reluctant to installit , as a PC tech I see a lot of problems & conflicts with Nortonsand it has a reputation of being difficult to remove.This isnot necessarily true , if the uninstall tool available @ Symantecis used.However I run Works off the CD , with great results.DiskDr & Windows Dr are great tools , and have fixed 100 % of the sicksystems they were utilised on .
 I bought this software NIB on ebay before reading the Amazon reviews . PC World gave it a high rating which was unusual for them , they usually dislike Norton products , so I decided to upgrade from my 2002 Systemworks . After reading about the problems others were having I almost decided to resell the software , but I finally decided to install it and see.First , I ran a backup to my external hard drive before changing anything , -LRB- just in case -RRB- . Then I completely uninstalled the 2002 Systemworks . Cleansweep gave a lot of problems , but I finally got it uninstalled . Then I shut down all of my running programs -LRB- Ctrl + Alt + Delete -RRB- and left Explorer and Systray running . After that I popped in the CD and everything ran smoothly . I did n't have any problems installing , I had to restart several times to download updates and virus definitions , but that was normal and I did n't have any error messages.I have been using the software for a couple of weeks now , and I like some of the new features , and the Antivirus is working great . I did find that the 2005 Systemworks does eat up your system resources , about 10 % more or less , depending on what programs you have running . I disabled the GoBack , I did n't need it and it took up RAM that I could use elsewhere . I like the Connection Keep Alive , I have dial-up so this program is helpful at times when I am having a really bad connection . One Button Checkup is great , it found errors and fixed them easily . Some of the other programs I have not used yet , so I will have to wait to review them.Overall , I am glad I installed the 2005 Systemworks . I am giving it 4 stars because of the amount of system resources it uses . If I had to recommend it to a friend I would , but I would also tell them to read these reviews before buying it . I do n't know if I just got lucky , or if I did something others did not , but I thought I should at least write a review and let people know that at least one person did not have any problems installing or using this software . But after reading some of the other reviews , I think I may be the rare exception .
 Today , I upgraded from Systemworks 2003 Professional Edition to the Systemworks 2005 Premier on a PC with Windows XP Home Edition . It took approximately 30 minutes to load and register and everything went smoothly . Before starting , I read every review written here at Amazon so I 'm well aware that my experience is not typical . I am offering the following suggestions in hopes that it may help someone who still has not been able to get it loaded or is about to try loading it for the first time .1 . First , to install this product on a XP machine , Norton says your processor should be a minimum of 300mhz -LRB- they neglect to tell you this on the outside of the box when they list the Minimum Systen Requirements -RRB- 2 . Your Internet Explorer should be updated to version 63 . If you have an earlier version of Systemworks -LRB- from 2003 and up -RRB- on your PC , do n't uninstall it - if your version is earlier than 2003 , you Must uninstall it before loading the new one .4 . Close all other Window programs - including those running in the System Tray .5 . Put in the Norton CD and click on `` Install Norton SystemWorks '' when the first panel comes up .6 . You 'll be asked to accept the License Agreement '' and then to enter your Product Key -LRB- it 's long - 24 characters - and it appears on the back of your CD sleeve -RRB- .7 . You 're advised next to do a virus scan - so just click the `` Start Scan `` 8 . It then asks you to select an Installation Type - the most trouble free choice here is the default - `` Install Now '' .9 . Next , the software picks a folder where it wants to install the program ... but , it gives you the ability to click `` Browse '' and change to another folder location . Again , the most trouble free choice here is the default .10 . It will then suggest that you Restart windows ... then you are Done with the install -LRB- you still must register and activate -RRB- .11 . At this point , after the Windows restart , I did get a couple of error messages about a missing DLL and a missing program . I did n't write down the names , so I ca n't say what they were - but I just ignored the messages and restarted my computer and they went away . I know there are people who will say `` AHA ! '' when they read that ... but , if you 've loaded much software , you soon realize that it 's not unusual to run into `` weird '' messages as you follow the steps in an installation - most of the time these messages go away when you try again ... unfortunately , software is rarely perfect .12 . After the reboot , a panel comes up that lets you into the registration -LRB- just pick the state you live in -RRB- and then it leads you to the activation panel -LRB- your product code is already typed in for you -RRB- and then you click Close and you 're done ... takes about a minute.A lot of this can be found in the `` User 's Guide '' ... I 'm just condensing it for those who do n't read guides , do n't have time to read the guide or do n't even have the guide to begin with . There are other good programs out there -LRB- ZoneLabs just came out with ZoneAlarm 6 and is getting great reviews -RRB- . I 've always had good luck with Norton and , in my opinion , I do n't think there is anyone who can match the virus protection part of their software . I hope this helps someone .
 Despite of the bad review that I read I thought I 'd take my chance anyway . My systems was running systemworks 2003 and it 's about time for me to upgrade.I like it so far . not much different from 2003 version . Nicer interface . You have to uninstall the old version before it allows you to install this version though . They probably do n't want it to conflick with the new version . Which is fine with me . I do n't want to run into any problem . It did not slow my system down at all . I 'm running XPHome version AMD2000 + XP with 1gig of ram .
 I have used Norton system Works for quite a number of years , and recently bought this as an upgrade from 2003 professional version . I have n't had any real problems with it but I have n't been using it that long.But I would recommend going with Premier version over the standard version . You do get Norton ghost , which is a powerful program for backing up your critical data . For me . I would much rather by system works than the antivirus because it is not too much more . And you get so much more!One thing to note , I love clean sweep is a great program for cleaning up your hard drive and Internet temp files but when you do the normal installation of system works . For some strange reason it does n't install it . So make sure to use the advanced tab . When installing so that you can have clean sweep installed just an FYI.Other than that all-around decent program good applications . Good virus protection and does n't put a real strain on resources from my point of view running on 2 GHz processor.Peace out
 I really like this in case I ca n't keep the internet I will still have a digital bible .
 The simplest and most full featured photo editing program I have ever used . To bad it 's not compatible with 64 bit systems , I 'd drop Photo Shop all together if it were .
 I own many photo editing packages . Recently I bought Picture Publisher 7 in a retail and i 'm very happy with the filtersand the resources of this software . Cheap and very profesional , similar to other expensive programs . A great deal !
 Picture Publisher was purchased by one of their competitor companies . This still works great on computers with only minimum problems with Windows XP , a few times it will go off screen and have to be brought up again with XP -- there were no more updates made for the program once it was purchased by their competitor , but for those that can use it , I would highly recommend it . It has wonderful features , the tools it offers for editing , copying , pasting , `` photoshopping '' , it is called in recent years , because you can smear out wrinkles , etc and make photos look very nice . I will sorely miss my XP version of windows when I have to quit using it , because this does n't work on later versions of windows . I keep hoping they will make the newer Windows versions tolerant of software from older versions of Windows ! Maybe some day they will and I wo n't have to retire Picture Publisher . I keep hoping !
 This is a terrific drawing and photo-editing program , with a much easier learning curve than many competitors . I have used this -LRB- or version 5 , which ca n't be found anywhere as of 2011 -RRB- program since Windows 3.1 , and it is still my `` go to '' graphics solution for all but a few tasks - mostly those are tasks that did n't even exist when Corel bought out Micrografx -LRB- yes , that 's what happened , see Wikipedia for more details -RRB- , like dealing w / RAW files & HDR photography.But I 'm not subtracting any stars for that . This is one of the best put together pieces of software that you 've probably never even heard of!Even these days -LRB- circa 2011 -RRB- , I 've had seasoned Photoshop `` experts '' ask me how I 've done some things . It has just taken a lot of playing around with this program over the years.Please note , there is n't much of any documentation in the package , on the install CD , or online , and no after-market manuals have ever been available to my knowledge . Micrografx might have had a website at one time but not any more.But again , it is really easy to learn once you 've played with it a little.INPORTANT AND WORTH REPEATING
 It is true -- Micrografx Picture Publisher 7 will not install on a 64-bit Windows 7 system . Though many programs that are 32-bit will install into the Program Files x86 file ... but this one wo n't . BUMMER!PP7 is my all-time favorite graphic program . It does not offer a layers option , PP8 did but was not on the market very long and I missed my chance to get a copy of that . There are ways to work around the lack of layers though . The program is much more user-friendly than PSE and does so much more -- `` macros '' are easy to develop and reuse over styles and actions in PSE , drop shadows are built in , etc. I got my copy of PP7 with a flatbed scanner years and years ago.Some XP users say they have a few bugs running PP7 , but I was able to set a `` compatibility '' level I think and that got it to work fine ... I do n't remember -LRB- sorry -RRB- . But it DID work excellently on my XP computer until a new hard drive had to be installed and the tech did not transfer everything properly and I lost my program . -LRB- JERK ! He promised to transfer EVERYTHING or I would never have let him do the work ... -RRB- If you are looking for a fantastic graphics program and are using an operating system prior to Window 7 -LRB- and also not NT -RRB- , this is the best buy around -- especially since PP8 was $ 50 when it came out and this is listed -LRB- as of May 2012 -RRB- at under $ 11 ... I lost my installation disk and if hubby had n't blown up the motherboard on my old XP laptop -LRB- yep , after the hard drive was replaced -RRB- , I would be buying this disk right now to re-install PP7!Did I mention I HATE PSE ? If I had never used PP , I might actually like PSE , but having used something much better than PSE , I really do n't like PhotoShop or PhotoShop Elements.I hear there is a Picture Publisher 10 out there somewhere , and I 'm off to see if I can find that and see if it works with Windows 7 ... but I would LOVE to use Picture Publisher 7 again ... ** sigh **
 I 've owned every version of this product thru v7 . I find it easier to use than the other editors that I have tried . Tools are where I expect them to be and the toolbars are very intuitive . I love it . I had a little trouble with my version , very early , installing it on my XP system .
 Even though the product I purchased -LRB- Picture Publisher 7 -RRB- did n't work with Vista x86 , I received , upon my request , such sympathy and understanding for my problem , -LRB- wife in surgery . -RRB- Had nothing to do with the product . The human touch was overwhelming and I am grateful for it . Will buy and recommend Amazon any time.P.S . Welcome Windows 7 , good bye Vista .
 For those still using the obsolete program
 Okay -- so I loaded Aperture in my dual 2 gig G5 and it certainly is chocked full of features designed for the professional photographer . Everything from loading native RAW files at breakneck speeds , to sorting and cataloging RAW master files using extremely comprehensive filing and search features , and last but not least , to the editing and processing of files for export to printers , slideshows , a built-in website and book publishing . It really is a program designed to cover a photographer 's complete digital workflow.As far as being a Photoshop killer ... NO WAY ! In fact Photoshop is actually integrated into Aperture 's workflow , in case you need advanced editing or compositing features not included in Aperture . It really is n't even an Extensis Portfolio killer , although for non-professionals like me , it probably is . I , for one , wo n't be buying the upgraded version of Portfolio . However , there are certain cataloging features in Portfolio that assist you in retrieving archived files that do not reside on your available hardrives -LRB- i.e. files saved to CDs and DVDs -RRB- . Aperture only deals with the files on storage units that are currently available to the program . Therefore , I think professionals that have thousands of archived files to sort through will still want to use Portfolio for advanced searches . Adobe Bridge , however , is completely unnecessary if you have Aperture , so I guess it is a Bridge Killer.Besides the fact that you can do just about everything you want to a photo , without leaving the master RAW file , it also provides you with various sorting features that harken back to the days before digital -- when photographers sorted their slides on light tables with a magnifying glass -LRB- usually an image viewer or lupe -RRB- . According to Apple , the digital light table and lupe features were suggested by and tested on photographers who still shoot slides . Of course , there are many things that this program can do much quicker on the digital light table then a photographer could do in the past with slides on a real light table , such as instantaneously sort all the slides into piles according to subject , or sort automatically into piles based upon when or where the photos were taken , or , for that matter , by any other sorting criteria you could think to add as embedded metadata . And the digital lupe feature can be adjusted for both size and magnifying power.For the majority of photo editing jobs , I do n't think people will need to use Photoshop , since Aperture handles basic color correction , levels , cropping , rotating , etc. just like Photoshop . However , what Photoshop has that Aperture does not , is the ability to add in plug-ins that handle advanced Photographic effects ... Nik filters being a perfect example . And Aperture does not include any advanced compositing features -LRB- i.e. masking , layers , etc. -RRB- . It will be interesting to see if in future versions of Aperture , they build in a feature that will allow third-party plug-ins or advanced compositing , but for the moment those features are only available in programs like Photoshop and Painter . So while this program is not a Photoshop killer , some photographers who do not already own Photoshop -LRB- are there any ?? -RRB- may not find a need to buy Photoshop if they purchase Aperture first.Aperture also seems to eliminate the need for me to use Nikon Capture -LRB- I have a Nikon D2X -RRB- , since it seems -LRB- at least at first glance -RRB- to include all the RAW editing features available in that program . I hope so because Nikon Capture continues to freeze just about anytime that I try to use it for batch processing large amounts of files , and I hate using Adobe 's `` limited feature '' RAW editing plug-in . And , of course , Aperture 's main selling point -LRB- at least for me anyway -RRB- is its ability to allow pictures to be edited for printers , or other presentation mediums , without having to convert native RAW files -LRB- i.e. this is accomplished through the use of non-destructive templates much like a digital video editing program -RRB- . Neither Photoshop nor Capture can do that at present , which is a real time-consuming pain in the ass if you shoot mostly in the RAW format like I do.Overall , I think Aperture is everything I was looking for in an all-in-one program that can take you all the way through the digital workflow process without having to switch formats and software . The program also seems at first glance , to be a very easy program to use . Most importantly , like Final Cut Pro , it was designed by Apple for use exclusively by high-end Mac computers , so unlike other software manufacturers , like Adobe , who try to design their software to run just about the same on Macs and PCs , Aperture is designed to take advantage of the features unique to the Mac operating system . By designing programs that run exclusively on their own proprietary software , Apple always seems to end up with programs that are easier to learn how to use , as well as programs that operate faster and better.So , after one evening 's use , I would give Aperture five out of five stars . More importantly , I believe that it was worth the $ 499 I paid for it . Would I buy it if I did n't shoot in RAW -- No . Would I buy it if I did n't have a 12.4 megapixel DSLR -- maybe . But I do shoot in RAW , and I do have a camera that uses lots of memory , so I think this program is going to be a lifesaver .
 Aperture does not , nor did Apple advertise it to , be a replacement for Photoshop ! Photoshop is the Emporor God of Pixel-oriented image editors -LRB- with a bit of object-oriented graphics thrown in -RRB- . Giving the program a negative review for it not replacing Photoshop makes about as much sense as giving it a negative review for it not being a sports car ! That being said , as a photographer , I end up opening all of my Canon Mark II ds 17 megabyte files in Photoshop to do minor tweeks and adjustments . You have to look at the whole , full resolution file in order to pick your good shots . So when deciding whether this is a good product -LRB- or for understanding the rather bizarre negative reviews that really miss the point -RRB- try opening 250 files from a photoshoot to do your first or second pass review using Photoshop and Adobe Camera Raw ... Not only does it take many hours , it takes hours of hands-on time . There is not a way to do this as batch processing because you have to make some minor decisions on how to open the files and it leaves 250 45 megabyte -LRB- or so -RRB- Photoshop files open at once . -LRB- Opening into Photoshop roughly triples the file size or so . -RRB- I have a Dual Processor G5 with a new graphics card -LRB- more on this later -RRB- and 6 -LRB- yes 6 ! -RRB- gigs of memory . No way ... the program will always crash with that many files open of that size , and there really is not way to do the kind of comparisons you want to do in order to decide which images you want to go ahead and print -LRB- or get ready for on-line resizing and optiminzation -LRB- an Image Read/Photoshop job for sure -RRB- , composite , or any number of other things.In addition , on a per file comparison , Aperture imports a single one of my large Canon Mark II files about 10 times faster than Adobe 's camera raw . I do n't know where the reviewers suggesting Aperture is slow are coming from , they can not be comparing the import to Adobe 's Camera Raw . And Camera Raw -LRB- like Aperture 's Import function -RRB- is just plain wonderful ! For example , it just about eliminates any White Balance issues ... it just almost always `` nails '' a neutral whitebalance -LRB- or easily lets you leave it as is or warm it up , or cool it down as you open the file . Has saved me much time fussing with skin tones.Aperture makes makes opening and comparing 250 large files in an hour doable . Rather than thinking of it as iPhoto on steroids , it is closer to say it is CS 2 's Adobe Brdige on steroids , plus a bunch of extras ... The interface is related to Apple 's other pro applications like Soundtrack or Final Cut . iPhoto is an application for consumer level digital photography . Adobe has another program -LRB- Light Table -RRB- in late stage beta testing that looks like it will go toe to toe with Aperture . Aperture is also not a full digital asset management program , but if you are only working in photography , with some tweaks to your work flow and archiving system , you probably wo n't need one . Bridge -- for photography -- also is not needed.About the file structure ... The Aperture Library is the correlary to old-school negatives . This is one reason the file structure fixed and any adjustments are not made to the imported files . If you screw up your edits , you still have the original files . When I have a really good image -LRB- I am principally an art photographer -RRB- , I may end up with five or six different Photoshop versions for different print sizes , printers , compositing and the like . Aperture -LRB- when I really get it integrated into my workflow -RRB- should greatly reduce the number of versions of files that I have , and imposes a structure helpful in keeping track and searching through files . When I have `` lost '' a file from a couple of years back , I have usually been able to find it with a couple of quick Boolean searches , without resorting to increasingly lengthy and bizarre file naming and path -LRB- folder -RRB- structures . Aperture really lived up to Apple 's claims in this regards . Much better than Adobe 's Bridge on this . Much , much , much better.Aperture not allowing changes to the raw image files is similar to using an `` Adjustment Layer '' you toggle on and off on a Photoshop file . Limiting the types of file structure in the Aperture Library allowed the programmer magicians to make the thing work . Frankly , when looking at the advertisements Apple had , I wondered how much of this was hype ... by forcing a specifc file sturcture in the library -LRB- aka database of raw images -RRB- the Apple guys were able to come up with a way to rapidly push around lots of pixels in and out of memory and on to and around the screen , with incredible speeds . If you are not working with lots of big files -LRB- if for example , you can use iPhoto without the program crashing -RRB- , Aperture is not for you , it would be a waste of your time to learn the program -LRB- not trivial -RRB- and money.About the system requirements
 If you buy this program , do yourself a favor and concentrate on what it DOES do , and not what it does n't do.It 's NOT a Photoshop replacement . It 's not even fair to compare it with Photoshop . Photoshop is a pixel editor . Photoshop is n't designed JUST for photographers . Aperture IS N'T a pixel editor . It WAS BUILT FROM THE GROUND up for photographers.It 's a workflow/image management solution.You can replace Portfolio or iViewMultimedia Pro with Aperture and find yourself with the bonus of being able to do some minor image adjustment.The real power of the program is in its ability to compare and select images , sort them , rank them , keyword them and store them.The RAW converter is a little rough around the edges . The printing function worked perfectly for me and the color management was flawless . Slide show is cool but does n't export . Web galleries are super easy to build and more valuable than Photoshop 's web galleries.The program NEEDS a fast Mac with lots of RAM and craves dual monitors.This is only the first version . Photoshop is n't perfect and it 's presently on version nine!I hope -LRB- and expect -RRB- Apple will improve and update this program quickly and often as the professional photo community gives Apple feedback.For now , if you want to compare and select and manage your images , this is a great way to do it . Otherwise , wait for version 1.5 . UPDATE
 I had one a long time ago and could n't find it . My computer crashed and lost it . i needed another one . I uuse it all the time to make greeting cards and calendars . Thank you so much !
 I changed computers and my `` new and improved '' Windows 7 would not install this program since it was too old for W7 . I love this program so I bought a computer with Windows XP and now I am happily using this great program again . Thanks for making it available to us , old and faithful costumers .
 I switched from TurboTax 2 years ago . The main reason being the issues with spyware in the PC version of that program . I also did n't like all of the hoops they were trying to make their customers jump through . Or the fact that they charge a 25 % higher premium price for the Mac version of their software.Using TaxCut was a decent experience . The program itself is easy to use and negotiate . Jumping back and forth in the return was a fairly simple process . There were significant improvements over the previous year 's version . Which is always a welcome thing.I was able to quickly import my tax info from the previous year 's TurboTax files without any problem . The user interface is easily understandable . Overall , TaxCut seems to be a step or two behind TurboTax . But the end results are the same , a tax refund which more than pays for the program . And those steps behind are small steps.Keep in mind that the `` free '' state version -LRB- which you have to pay for and get reimbursed -RRB- , and any rebates , require that you send in receipts within 30 days of the purchase . If you do n't then you 'll not be getting any rebates or reimbursements .
 I 've used Taxcut to file my taxes since 1996 but this was my first year using Taxcut for Mac . I wanted to get it over with right away so I got the download version of the program and it whizzed through my taxes in no time.There is an update pending it states on the update screen but I did n't run into any issues and was able to e-file my return . If anything in the update affects me -LRB- and I do n't believe it will because they have always disabled filing before if that was the case -RRB- I can always amend.The forms for my records printed perfectly has usual on my laser printer and yet another year is taken care of with little headache or worry . I heartily recommend this version because if you go on over to TurboTax you 'll see just about as many complaints . If you have a complex return you might run into issues but if your return is straightforward as mine was you should have no problems.Yes , the state edition is n't ready but that is to be expected -- 50 different entities to work out all the programming with , the state program is always a challenge for BOTH companies to get out on time . I have no problems waiting a couple of weeks until it is to put the state taxes to bed given the amount of time Taxcut will save me in doing that.My System
 This is my first time using tax preparation software , and after looking over many poor reviews for TurboTax on the Mac , I went with TaxCut . I found the product to be simple to use , very intuitive and filled with just the right kinds of `` interviews '' that made filling out forms and filing my taxes very easy.I too had the problem of downloading the updates , and after trying to click the `` get latest version '' button to no avail I followed the directions to the TaxCut site where I was able to successfully download and install the updates . I filed my return electronically yesterday , and found out 12 hours later that it had been accepted by both Federal and State.Overall an excellent product for the Mac , and one that I 'll purchase again next year .
 If you have just a W2 , some interest and dividends , along with a simple mortgage , TaxCut gets you through the interview process faster than Turbotax . I was in and out in 30 minutes including State . By the way do n't download State prior to installing Taxcut Federal since State will not load without Federal.I 'd give them 5 stars but their rebate process is excessively complex .
 Finally after years and years of amatuerish programming they have a half decentproduct . 3.5 stars .
 Great Item ! If you are looking for a software that can help you learn new languages . This is it ! Awes
 Instant Immersion Italian Deluxe 2.0 is a nice set to learn Italian.The first three disks are to show you that Italian is not too far from English and all languages have been built on Latin . Italian is actually kind of a vulgar Latin . As soon as you accept this just follow your intuition.For me the best part is the rest of the story . Five CD -LRB- some times plus one extra / bonus -RRB- with vocabulary - introducing different topics with all common words necessary to be able to speak in real situations . The booklet inside is an extra help.In reality to learn a foreign language any tutorial set is just the begining and will never replace the alive teacher . Do n't expect to learn to speak just reading or listening , take a grammar book , and more material - depends or your ability to learn languages . At the end - the best lesson will be
 The name of the 8 disks is immersion ; this is what you get . It simulates as if you are in Italy and you learn as you go . You literally get `` immersed '' into the language . For people who do not have the time to take the time-out in the country of their choice , this is a great way to study a foreign language.You do not get confused with a bilingual format where more English is spoken than Italian -LRB- we also have Instant Immersion German Deluxe with English instructions . -RRB- After all we want to learn Italian and not English and want to become fluent in the foreign language a.s.a.p.Each person according to their level is free to click on the American flag -LRB- in this case it shows the translation on the left in writing -RRB- . Also if you follow the small booklet included , for each level one booklet , and study the vocabulary given for each lesson , you can do good work with the discs.Too bad that there is no tape/disc in the world that will save you from have to study/learn the conjugated forms of verbs etc. .
 This software is a great way to learn Italian.The immersion method used is outstanding . Learning a language is never easy but I liked how the software works . First , you have to listen to the language , try to remember what you heard , see on the screen , then you are the one involved to actually talk to the computer , or do the activities . You come from being a passive learner -LRB- just listening and understanding -RRB- to active learner -LRB- talking , answering , . . -RRB- . It is way better than being in a class!The progress chart to keep your progress is also very impressive and detailed , it gives you the percentage of activities you did right , and so on.The activities are very fun and interactive
 This is really a great tool that fits a variety of needs . First of all , it helps someone like myself continue my study of the language that I never got to finish in high school many years ago . Second , it is a great supplemental tool for anyone taking German at either the High School or College level . One can program the skills that need attention , such as reading , listening , dictation , speaking . Wish I had had this tool 3o years ago . Third , it would be great for someone planning to visit a German speaking country and has some advanced notice.I say this because it is not something that one can use in two or three days , and be able to know what is going on.Overall , this is a great product . The speaking graphs of one 's voice inflection are mind boggeling ! But it is just like having a private tutor there with you . The only thing that I would recommend is that one could well benefit from even a brief introduction to the language prior to using these CDS .
 I 'm a Spanish and Chinese teacher who has decided to learn German . I received this set for Xmas , and I love it ! The lessons are well presented with a variety of activities that help you work on all four aspects of language learning -- reading , writing , listening , and speaking -- with an emphasis on listening and speaking skills . It has a variety of activities to help you learn , and you can spend a lot of time on favorite activities -- I love the crossword puzzles for vocabulary development . The input is generally comprehensible , and unlike other reviewers , I find that there is more than enough material to keep me busy for many many hours . The only shortcoming of the program is the somewhat inaccessible dictionary -- I would suggest you buy your own German-English dictionary for convenience.I plan to recommend the Spanish version of this program to my students who are having trouble in class .
 This software is very complete , with all the skills to learn German involved
 I am very impressed with this software program . There 's a feature where you speak into a microphone some text on screen and it 'll tell you if it did n't understand you , and which words specifically you had trouble with . The 3 audio CDs are also helpful for listening in your car to become as immersed as possible in German . Mind you - I do n't see someone becoming fully fluent in German with this product , but it 's definitely a good tool to give yourself some ground knowledge to build from if you were to eventually take a more advanced course or just to travel lightly in Europe . I 'd definitely recommend this and the other language versions .
 Many people I 've noticed complain of not knowing where to start . True , I already knew some Japanese when I got the program so hopping right into some of it did n't kill me , but I did n't find it a daunting task to figure it out where others would be good to start . For those who do n't know any of the particle words , word order , numbers , etc. , when it loads the main set of links , click on the lower left corner where there 's a pile of books . It should say something like `` reference '' - it should help you out.I 've really enjoyed this program thus far . True the menu style is rather simplistic , but I ca n't imagine how you could get too lost when if you roll over a link it 'll tell you where it goes . My favorite of its features is the `` dialouge '' section where you hear a voice say something to you in Japanese and you have to respond . -LRB- You need a microphone for this ! -RRB- If you roll over key words , it will tell you the definition . If you are n't sure how to pronounce the responce , double-click the sentence and it 'll tell you . Which you can then replay as you need and even try prounouncing it yourself , which it will then rate how well you said it and even allow to see which part of the sentence you 're having trouble with . -LRB- You can also replay past times you 've tried pronouncing it , but I 've never really found that necessary -RRB- The audio CDs are n't bad , but I 'm honestly not sure I 'll ever use them . The JquickTrans looks confusing-especially compared to the simplicity of the actual program-but after looking up words to see what 's doing what , it was n't so bad . When you double click the kanji it will tell you the strokes that make it up , which helped me remember them . You can add to a `` study list '' ; another thing I 've liked . When you click to show flashcards , you can go through all on your list and
 Great Item ! If you are looking for a software that can help you learn new languages . This is it ! Awesome
 I love this Japanese software because it 's very cool ! I really love the audio CD 's because they 're helping me learn more words . The collest thing about this software is you can practice your speaking skills and choose a level you 're on . That 's awesome ! I really love this software because it 's helping me learn Japanese !
 This package is a great deal and a very effective way to learn a complicated language such as Japanese . The audio CD is great , but the software proposed is really amazing . The speech recognition feature is really impressive , as you can have a sort of dialogue with your computer , as it can correct your mistake ! I have never seen that anywhere else.It is also very complete as you have activities for written skills , oral pronunciation , grammar ... For the price , it is a great deal , and affordable way to learn a new language .
 Great Program ! I have studied Japanese since university and this is a great program !
 my 3 year old son started to like bob the builder , and we wanted to start letting him get a little experience working a computer , so we got this game . . he loved it right from the start with the theme song playing . . i think if you are beyond 5 years old this is not the game for you , it is quite simple , although some of the harder levels are still a challenge for our 3 almost 4 year old . graphics quality is low , but for a young child , i think it is fine . keeps him entertained as he learns how to navigate a mouse , and use his brain while trying to solve various problems . . pattern repeats , recognizing shapes . . would buy again .
 I think all of the Bob the Builder games are great.Note to parents , you need to learn how to play every game and then teach it to your kids and then watch them succeed . I always help my kid out in the beginning and then he takes off on his own . I am very proud of him and Thank you THQ , programmers and software developers for making these games
 We do n't know why , but THQ does n't include this tip on installation issues in there little manual . If you are having trouble installing/running the game piece , close it down and then right-click on the game icon . Click on properties and then click on the compatibility tab on top . Choose run in compatibility mode ... we have XP and chose 98 compatibility mode and it worked fine . Also , using THQ 's website for technical support was excellent , they responded within 24 hours via email with the correct answers to our problems . http://www.thq.com/support/After we got the game up and running , our 5yr old was off and going with the game ... he loves it . We changed our keyboard controls to be all with the numbers pad on our keyboard . Much easier for little fingers !! Enjoy .
 I just purchased this game for my sons who LOVE Hot Wheels , especially the Highway 35 series . They are crazy about this game . It 's easy enough for kids to play , but with tracks that will challenge adults as well.The previous reviewer was correct about how to solve a problem with this game . I 'm running a high end machine with Windows XP , and could not initially get the game to work . However , if you are having trouble installing/running the game piece , close it down and then right-click on the game icon . Click on properties and then click on the compatibility tab on top . Choose run in compatibility mode.I have XP and chose 98 compatibility mode and it worked fine .
 pros :1 -RRB- Fantastic looking tracks and cars in awesome settings .2 -RRB- Good sound and music ; intro video music worth playing just for itself.cons :1 -RRB- It supports steering wheel , but I found steering wheel control to be more difficult than keyboard control . Perhaps it is the steering wheel that I have , but then again there is no way during setup to fine tune steering wheel control .2 -RRB- All tracks should be available without qualification . I will likely never get access to half the tracks which remain locked . If steering wheel control was better than keyboard control then I could win more races and unlock the additional tracks .
 i see on the cover teams : roadbeasts , roadbeasts , wave rippers . the cars are called
 Excellent product . Easy to use and fast . I use it on a Mac ,
 battle for bikini bottom is a great game !! it works on my computer perfectly except on some partsthe computer freaks out but anyway the games are fun especially the one where you slice robots with a wooden sword but no violence nothing like battery fluid dripping just the robots fall down and jump back up a few seconds after getting slashed.and i like the one with mr. krabs and he has to wrestle robots!and you csn do a quiz about the characters too they ask you questions and they free you friends !! and sandy 's game is good too you have to lasso the robots before they can get to you or else sandy spins around like she being electrocuted and then she falls asleep and patrick 's where he 's the superhero called da da !! `` THE PINK MENACE !!! '' and he walks around on the streets punching robots and they fall apart . and there 's another where you flip swicthes and then you walk around the chum bucket.and the graphics are good too like `` employee of the month ''
 My 5-year old LOVES Spongebob , and definitely enjoys the game . There are three -LRB- or four ? -RRB- areas that have a series of challenges ; you have to complete each before moving on to the next . Once you have completed them all , you can go back and play whichever games you like the most . I do n't see this as a favorite among older kids -LRB- 9 and up -RRB- -- it could get a bit boring . And younger kids need help with some of the challenges and the trivia games . But , if your expectations are reasonable , it 's a cool little game .
 I got this as a Christmas present last year and I still enjoy playing it . The plot is well developed
 I love this game ! We bought it for our four year old grandson and it 's so much fun we play it with him all the time . Some of the levels are a little to hard for him because he ca n't read yet but he can play most of them with out our help . If you have a boy or girl that loves to play PC games this one will keep them busy for hours .
 I bought this for my 6-year old daughter and we both enjoyed many hours of quality fun playing through all the different puzzles and games . One of the best game purchases I made .
 As each Spongebob game is released , it is generally better than the last . This one is no exception . The game itself resides with less storage space than previous games . The load time between sequences is faster . The game is tad longer than employee of the month , which was a relatively long game . The graphics are of little issue , as they are replications of the cartoons , so they can change very little . As far as installation issues , i had none . People with installation issues should look at their systems first before assuming it is the game . So many situations are caused not by the game , but by the system it is on . Troubleshoot . In any case , this program never crashed for me . It ran beautifully and was great fun for myself and my 5 year old son to play . I would recommend this to any Spongebob fan .
 My five year old just started playing video games and this is a good starter . The game is very forgiving , as SpongeBob never truly dies and my son gets a chance to start over at the last check point . This limits frustration since he does n't have to start from the beginning every time . There are some areas that require a little adult help , but if one of us is not immediately available , there is enough to do in each area to keep him entertained . He will even jump SpongeBob off a cliff , so he can play the same area over and over .
 For a Spongebob game , this one is really good . A few of the mini games are a little hard for younger children , but they are generally fairly simple . Recommended to ages 7 + .
 There are tons of trivia questions in this game for true SpongeBob fans to test their knowledge . My favorite games are Patrick Bowling and Dress to Impress where you have to dress SpongeBob in multiple outfits . You also get to play as all the different main characters from the show . TONS OF FUN !!!
 I would definitely recommend this game to parents of younger children . I have to drag my 5 year old from the game most of the time because he gets so excited when he figures something new out . The wedgie jump is a hit in our house . We have definitely gotten our money worth .
 There are tons of mini games in this SpongeBob game -LRB- I think there are like 30 total -RRB- . My favorite section is the Trivia which has questions on all of the Main Characters . I would reccomend this game for kids between the ages of 6-10 .
 I BOUGHT THIS GAME A WEEK AGO AND I really enjoyed itTHERE IS FIVE PLACES TO GO -LRB- THE CHUM BUCKET KELP FOREST DOWNTOWN BIKINI BOTTOM FLYING DUTCHMAN `` S GRAVEYARD AND MERMALAIR -RRB- ALL OF THE PLACES HAS COOL MINIGAMES PUZZLES AND TRIVIAPLUS IT HAS TONS OF VIDEO CLIPSI RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR TEN OR YOUNGERIT KEPT ME PLAYING FOR HOURS : -RRB- RATED E FOR EVERYONE ...
 this is a very fun game . it has allot of hard/easy games . i dont mean easy as in boring i mean easy as fun . example
 I really enjoyed this product . the only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 is because the voice recognition does n't always work exactly as planned and saying a phrase over 20 times can be frustrating . However you really do start picking up the language and it has a translation for every word it uses available during each exercise .
 I was on the verge of a trip to Paris , and could n't remember any of the French that I learned in High School . This Audio/CD-ROM set was a great refresher course . I would also recommend it to beginners as a low level introduction to some of the more important phrases and sounds in the French language .
 This is the best French language software I 've come across . I wish it came with a booklet , but for the price , I ca n't complain . I spoke French fairly well years ago , and I 've lost a lot of the language . This allows me to hear French spoken quickly and to practice my own speaking and get useful feedback . The topic selection is broad and easy to navigate , and the program includes extensive work at the beginner , intermediate , and advanced levels . I bought this used through Amazon for around $ 20 . What a bargain .
 As a child , 65 years ago , I learned French in high school in Hamburg , Ger-many , where you learn a foreign language to speak , read and write it . Myparents also hired a private tutor to ensure that I 'd speak the language fluently . Alas , although languages come easy to me , I never did my homework and , when I concentrated on English because we came here in l949 , most of my French went phffft ... Since then I 've tried Berlitz , both classes and records.I find the Instant Immersion French Deluxe course quite excellent and hope , once I get down to it seriously , I 'll finally be able to speakFrench -- and not only under the influence of wine and to a two-year-old child only .
 it would be helpful to have a base -LRB- know the pronunciation and a few words -RRB-
 I really like this software . The fact that it is based on immersion -LRB- you hear the language first , and then communicate -RRB- is a real advantage of this software . Immersion has been considered the best way to learn a language , that is why spending time in a country is the best way to learn a language . That is what happens with this software , but you do n't have to travel to France ! It is also very complete as it involves reading , speaking , listening , ... It is a great value as well as you receive a very complete package .
 Do n't listen to the other people ! I am a 10 year old , and the games are fun !! I think older kids will find this game enjoyable ! The games are arcade style games that are easy and fun !!! Plus it comes with a fun plot ! If you 're looking for fun , buy this !
 Navagating thru vickys nose and stuff was assome buy it now or ur missing sumthing BIG great 4 10 +
 To the people who complained it was n't for beginners ... the program is called `` Instant Immersion '' it is if you want to learn it like you were dropped into a Spanish Speaking country with very little translation available to you . There are two schools of learning out there ... hold your hand and start from the very beginning ... or this way which forces you to learn to be able to do the lessons ... some say you can learn a language within two weeks if you are immersed into it . So now you have no surprises and no reason to complain if you get this program .
 I have purcchased about 4 Spanish language programs in the last year , and this is my favorite . Being immersed in the language , I found , was a much better way for me to learn . I spent 2 years in high school Spanish , but nothing compares to listening to someone speak Spanish in real time . Good product . A better way to learn
 I have been using the CD 's for about a week and I found them very helpful . I have n't used the CD ROM 's yet , but I will get to those soon.I think this language learning kit is great for people who have already learned a language and now just want to learn another one . I learned french in high school and college and now I want to learn spanish . I pretty much did n't know anyhting about spanish before I started listening to the CD 's . But now , after only 1 week , I know how to conjugate ir , er , and ar verbs and I know a lot more vocabulary.I do n't recommend this product for anyone who is trying to learn a new language for the first time , but I do recommend it for anyone who already knows several languages and just wants to expand their langauge skills .
 I find this item to be a lot of fun to work with and it holds my interest . Things would move along much easier if it had only come with some sort of workbook . However , it was well worth the money spent , a very good buy .
 I am trying to get back into learning the Spanish Language . I took 3 years of it in high school and my vocabulary was very limited . I 'm been using it for a month and this is the longest time I 've stuck with a language program . The program tries to make it as fun as possible with crosswords and a hangman type game . If I did n't have some prior knowledge of Spanish , I would n't have been totally lost though . The three audio CDs will help true beginners but they bored me .
 I was really amazed by all the features of this software , and it is still very affordable.The best feature is without a doubt the speech recognition , indeed , the software is able to understand your voice , and then correct your mistakes!It is also very complete and includes very interactive and fun activities.It is really a pleasure to use this package .
 This is a response to the review NOT for true beginners , March 5 , 2004 Reviewer
 I looked at four or five Spanish programs before buying this one , and it seemed to be the most complete and feature-packed . After doing some research on it , I was told to look for the American Foreign Service Institute 's Spanish language course , but I have n't been able to find that , so I bought this instead . I have the 8-CD version . Three of the CDs are audio ones for pronunciation ; the other five relate to the lessons plans and other visual material.I installed it and worked with it for a couple of hours for the first time this morning and I have to admit I was impressed . The interface is quite attractive and easy to navigate , and is one of the best I 've seen in a teaching program , or any program , for that matter . I 've worked most of the way through the first main lesson and several dozen exercises so far , so I have a pretty good idea of how everything works at this point , and it 's pretty slick.This program is so feature-packed that I do n't know if I 'll even use some of the features , but they 're there if you want them . Besides the 20 lessons , 10 review lessons , and 20 different `` activities , '' the 19,000 word dictionary , and 8,000 word glossary , which form the core of the course , there are some interesting extra features . For example , there are even Spanish crossword puzzles , which might be good for learning synonyms and getting you to think more in Spanish . Another interesting exercise is matching antonyms , like the verbal part of the SAT requires . Another nice feature is automatic tracking of your lesson progress and what quizzes and lessons you 've completed , so you can go right to where you left off , and even audio error tracking of your pronunciation.Actually , in regard to the lesson tracking , there is just one gotcha I noticed here -- which is that when returning to the lesson in progress you are popped to the beginning of the lesson and you have to page forward from there to where you left off , but that only takes a few seconds . You can see where you left off visually from the chart that shows your progress , which is okay.Each lesson has vocabulary , sentence structure and grammar , and audio pronunciation of the words and phrases so you can hear correct-sounding Spanish right as you go along . And there are both male and female speakers . A lot of thought has gone into the interface here . For example , if you do n't remember the meaning of a particular word , just positioning your mouse cursor over it will pop up the definition . You can also jump directly to the dictionary if you need to . As I said , a very nice interface.My only complaint is that only the first CD actually seems to install on your hard disk . Apparently if you need the others , the program will ask for them . And I do n't know how this will work with the three other CDs of audio material , but I guess I 'll find out . I would prefer the whole program just install onto disk so you do n't have to do the `` CD shuffle . `` Overall , however , this looks to be an excellent Spanish language software program , and I 'm quite pleased with it so far .
 I 've had the program for a week and a half and am working on the second disk now . It is a very good program for reviewing Spanish -LRB- I had Spanish all through HS , through AP Spanish Lit , but I have n't used it since -RRB- , but I can see how it might be difficult for the true beginner . If you 're looking to review Spanish and do n't want to be bored with tedious exercises about stuff you already know -LRB- or just need to be briefly reminded of -RRB- , then this is the program for you . While it might not be the most entertaining program available , I have n't been bored and have learned a lot . There are many types of exercises , which keep things interesting while working different skills -LRB- reading , writing , listening , and speaking -RRB- . They definitely throw you right in , but the first exercise does n't have any wrong answers , they just want you to pick an answer and see what happens . If you roll the mouse over a word the definition pops up in a little box , which is very convenient . There are lessons for learning vocabulary and grammar , but most of the time you are left to figure things out as you go -LRB- with the help of those pop-up definitions -RRB- . The first half of each lesson group is point-and-click with the mouse , while the second half uses speech recognition -LRB- one of the best features of the program -RRB- , so you need a microphone.You also need a Spanish < - > English dictionary , as the built-in glossary is n't easy to negotiate . There does n't seem to be a search function and it 's all Spanish to English . You have to click on a tab for the first letter of the word , then click to advance the `` pages '' to get to the word you want . It 's much more convenient to just reach for the dictionary than to find a word in the glossary -LRB- and I 've needed to do so many times -RRB- . The glossary does work well from within some parts of the lessons , where if you right click on an answer choice you can go straight to that entry in the glossary , but for others -LRB- e.g. the crosswords -RRB- , you do n't seem to have access to the glossary at all.Technical stuff
 I self-study , using this in combination with a textbook , and it has been very effective in helping me gain confidence in actually using the language . It probably replaces the `` language lab '' I had when studying Spanish in college.One important note
 I liked the speech recognition feature . It took me some time to understand how to it works but then it became amazing . The ideal way to learn how to speak . It is really interactive . Impressive .
 The item description -LRB- above -RRB- and box do n't really illustrate all the features available on this item . Maybe the review was written in another language & translated?This item is for your Pocket PC or Palm Pilot . I 've got a IV - works great . It installs a mini-version of PowerPoint onto your device , which you can carry with you or plug into ANY multimedia device - TV , monitor , laptop , computer , overhead projector , etc.You can tailor the settings , view/customize your slides , keep notes/slide titles , and set a timer -LRB- just like Power Point -RRB- so you do n't lose track of time during presentation . Navigation and notes are invisible to the audience during your presentation.For me , this is much more convenient than carrying around a laptop , or worrying about equipment when I travel . This makes my Palm Pilot more valuable than my laptop . I give it Four to five stars .
 I have this basic brand of DVD decoder at home , though not the Gold version . This may or may not give you multilingual support , though it seems to work okay with Region 2 discs . Unfortunately , it is less precise than PowerDVD . I ordered this second when the seller of PowerDVD gave me a refund because he was having trouble accepting orders at the moment . As good as it is , PowerDVD is slightly better .
 I purchased this software to help accelerate my comprehension of Italian and to write letters to a hotel in Quebec in order to make reservations . I think that this software is wonderful . It really opens up doors of communication . The only problem with it is that it can give somewhat clunky translations . One has to be cognizant of exactly what it is you are trying to say and how it is phrased in english or the translation will be a little off . It helps to have even a cursory understanding of the languages you are translating to/from in order to smooth the translation out .
 Easy Translator has helped me with my bilingual staff translating almost any document i may have 5 stars
 My 2 five year old daughters love this program and will sit and play/learn for hours where they would lose intest after 10 minutes with ordinary reading books.The sesame street steet characters they love lead them through learning while they think it 's just a series of 6 games . It covers lots of areas including spelling -LRB- cookie monster 's food recipes -RRB- , rhyming -LRB- zoetry poetry -RRB- , word formation onto endings -LRB- history mystery -RRB- , and even some short books where kids choose the correct usually illustrated word to complete short sentences -LRB- Elmo 's wild kingdom -RRB- . The only very minor criticism is that there is not a lot of content in the books section -LRB- Elmo 's wild kingdom -RRB- . So for more story books another program such as Reader rabbit would be a good addition . But the -LRB- limited -RRB- content that is in Elmo 's wild kingdom is very entertaining and educational and there are 5 other games so you ca n't really complain as you are getting 6 educational reading games in one package.For learning the basics of spelling , rhyme , phonics , word formation this program is absolutely superb , very entertaining and terrific value . But do n't wait until your child is 6 which the recommended age on the program . Four year olds and up will love this program which has 3 levels -LRB- easy , medium and hard -RRB- and when you sit with them to start them off you will love it too .
 We are running a version of this program on Windows 98 and it runs flawlessly . The graphics are great and the games fun . Frequently the rewards are graphics which can sometimes be too long relative to the task -LRB- especially the Super Grover one -RRB- , but these are probably why my kids love it . The leveling is automatic while you are playing , but the program does n't remember individual children so it must be reset each time ... not a problem , my children learned quickly to select the right level and change it as they got older . In classic Sesame Street style , the muppets are entertaining to adults as well as kids . One of the best we own . Since this was so good , we went ahead and bought `` Let 's Make A Word '' which is also Sesame Street and were very disappointed . `` Reading Basics '' is by far the superior program .
 I purchased Backyard Skateboarding for my 8 year old grandson . Apparently , he is very satisfied with it . The delivery was super fast . Kudos to Humongous .
 This game rocks ! I bot this game becuse I love to skaet.If you do favors for peopel you can get pro stamps.You can do some relly neat tricks and do some relly good falls .
 My 5 year old granddaughter will play this over and over . It has been educational for her without her knowing it.She loves it !
 My 4yr old loves it and her 2yr old brother loves to watch her play it.I agree there are not any `` educational '' games on this like others have . This one mainly concentrates on hand/eye coordination and using the computer mouse and keyboard . Which is does a great job at.We 've had this for a few months and my 4yr old plays it almost daily . She has not become bored with it yet . : - -RRB-
 My son liked it ! It 's was used . But in great condition.I received it with in the time -LRB- according to the shipping I payed for -RRB- . I give them 4 stars ! I think that it 's best for kids 5-9 and under .
 Fun , but dull at points , LI2 is a lot better than # 1 , mainly because you can go to a ton of worlds -LRB- Which , by coincidence , are lego themes that came out in the next year or so -RRB- and have weird skateboards . The music is okay and the gameplay is fun , but you ca n't do skateboard tricks or go to other worlds without a vehicle . Fun , if you like that kind of thing .
 Somebody at Cakewalk must be doing something right . Guitar Tracks Pro 3 is an amazing upgrade over the older versions.The new interface is silky smooth . The metronome actually works.And , I can finally record at 24 bit 96khz , which I could n't do with a lot of competitor 's software.A lot of great new effects -LRB- look under GT FX -RRB- . Really good new reverb , equalization -LRB- called `` Q '' -RRB- . The new plugins look like expensive rack mount units that you drool over -LRB- but dare not buy -RRB- at music stores.Okay , minor complaints that the software defaults are kinda weird -LRB- sound on sound record , among others -RRB- which are leftovers from the old Guitar Tracks software . Also the record button is tiny tiny tiny.But all in all , for the basic recordist , this is one hot piece of software . If your not at version 3 , definitely upgrade . After about an hour of twiddling around , you will be all grins.And as we all know , Cakewalk actually includes a printed manual that a normal human being can use and understand.Hats off to Cakewalk for an excellent upgrade .
 I love Boggle and played it a half hour or longer a day . I 'm frustrated , upset . I got a new computer , Windowns 7 . It wo n't download . I bought a new one from Amazon . the Amazon woman said it would work . I thought if I had the directions again I would be able to download . HaH . Please re-do Boggle for Windows 7 -- Now -LRB- preferable yesterday -RRB- . In addition I tried the phone numbers on the instruction book and the 're no goo . I like a live voice . Patricia
 love this game its my second one the last wore completely out , good service w/order again from you ...
 Great Product . You will be happy you bought it . Great value for what it gives .
 I have been using Aperture since version 1.1 , and love it . The few issues/disappointments I had were resolved with version 1.5.x . Version 2.0 takes the performance and capabilities of Aperture to the next level . While I have only been using Aperture 2 for a week or so , I have been thoroughly impressed . -LRB- I will update this review as my experience grows . -RRB- In terms of cameras , I use both a Nikon D2X and a Nikon D300 . As such , the RAW files that Aperture has to deal with are large 12-megapixel images . And Aperture handles said images with ease . -LRB- Bear in mind that I am running Aperture on a first-generation MacBook Pro 17 '' laptop , running at 2.16 GHz . -RRB- Among other improvements , Aperture 2 provides superior high-ISO noise reduction . For example , images taken with my Nikon D2X at ISO 1600 and ISO 3200 show massive improvements in quality . Not only that , but Aperture 's noise reduction finally matches -- or even exceeds -- that of Nikon 's own Capture NX software . Comparing high-ISO images side-by-side , it is clear that Capture NX utilizes a high dose of `` chroma blur . '' Aperture 2.0 does not , and the difference is quite visible.As for other changes , Aperture 2 provides some nice UI refinements , increasing the amount of screen real estate for viewing your photos . More generally , Aperture 2 's UI is even more `` transparent '' than that of version 1.x , i.e. , it does not impede your workflow.Besides the UI improvements , Aperture 2 also adds additional image enhancement options . Among others , Apple added `` de-vignette '' and `` vignette '' image adjustments . These allow you to correct for , or add/increase , vignetting from lens optics.And finally , a few words about performance . I found Aperture 1.5.x to be quite responsive , though it would occasionally become sluggish during certain operations . I have not been able to find any such sluggishness in Aperture 2 , a welcome improvement . Plus , the software is even faster and more responsive that Aperture 1.5.x . The bottom line ? Aperture 2 provides welcome improvements over 1.5.x , including superior image quality . If you like Aperture 1.5.x , you will love Aperture 2 . And if you shied away from 1.5.x , I highly recommend giving Aperture 2 a try . Download the free trial from the Apple website , and see the improvements for yourself . Try it , you just might like it !
 I 've been using the free trial of Aperture 2.0 for a couple of weeks now . Within a couple of hours of working with the trial , I ordered the full product.I was given version 1.5 of Aperture for Christmas , so I was a little disappointed to find that Apple released a new version so soon after I got it . Apple also dropped the price by $ 100 , which now makes it an incredibly good deal for anyone who has n't bought this type of software before.However , after getting over the shock of having to spend another $ 89 to upgrade software that was only 1 month old , I downloaded the free trial to see if it was worth upgrading . In the month I 'd owned Aperture 1.5 I had spent quite a bit of time working out what it could do and how to make it use it . I could quickly see that 1.5 was a power piece of software , but it would definitely take some time to get the best out of it.After upgrading to the trial of 2.0 , and watching a couple of the Apple tutorial videos that are online , I was able to get impressive results very quickly . As I already had Aperture 1.5 , I had already began shooting all my photos in RAW format on my Canon Rebel XT . I also tried editing some JPEG photos I had previously organized in iPhoto.Results with RAW format photos are amazing . Aperture makes working with RAW so easy . I am able to correct exposure problems , which is just not possible with JPEG . I had a image that had lots of white in waves crashing over a rock . By adjusting the exposure in Aperture , and by using the highlight and shadow adjustments , I was able to bring out an amazing amount of detail , turn an average shot into a great one . The automatic correction of exposure levels makes a big difference to many of my shots.With JPEG images , the results are less impressive . This is not a limitation of Aperture , but a limitation of shooting images in JPEG which loses a lot of the information that was actually captured with the camera 's sensor . You are still able to make adjustments , but making big adjustments quickly introduces noise into the image . The tools available in iPhoto 08 produce good results with JPEG , and I would n't pay for Aperture if I only shot JPEG images . The automatic exposure correction that worked so well on many of my RAW images is not available on JPEG images.If you have a camera that can shoot RAW images , such as almost all digital SLRs , and a few compact point-and-shoots such as the newCanon PowerShot G9 12.1 MP Digital Camera with 6x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom , I would definitely recommend shooting in RAW and getting a trial of Aperture to see if it works for you.You should be aware that shooting in RAW creates much bigger files , so consider this when making your decision . Getting the most out of Aperture means you have to shoot in RAW , and the biggest cost in moving from JPEG to RAW will be larger memory cards and hard drives.Aperture is so easy to use that I 'd recommend it to anyone with a basic knowledge of photography that wants to learn more . Download the free trial , shoot some RAW images with your camera , and only order the full version if it works for you .
 If you shoot in RAW and manage large numbers of photos , you need to give very serious consideration to Aperture 2 . The program provides truly outstanding RAW conversion tools - greatly superior to Adobe 's free Digital Negative Converter . It provides very flexible , easy-to-use tools to compare and rate photos , including stacks , ratings and comparison tools . The library management tools are truly outstanding , giving you multiple levels of keywords , a variety of tools for organizing your shots , and a hierarchical system for organization . And it links tightly to the photo editing application -LRB- s -RRB- of your choice.Batch processing is well-supported , both on import and on photo selections . Essentially all data associated with the photos - both image details and EXIF - can be handled individually or at a batch level.Famously , Aperture makes its edits to photos by linked mathematical formulas ; the RAW photo itself is not touched . So manipulations can always be reversed . This also keeps the photo database from growing through duplicate files ; there 's just one file , and a series of small files representing the edits.Aperture is n't perfect . While it is adequate for simple edits to photos , you 'll still need a tool like Photoshop of Elements to perform serious adjustments to your photos . Aperture does a fine job of working with those photo editors . And Apple can be slow - sometimes , seriously slow - supporting the RAW formats of newly released cameras . In the case of the Olympus E-3 , the camera was released for five months before Aperture could import its RAW format . There are always worksarounds - Adobe DNG if nothing else - and in fairness to Apple , its Aperture RAW converters are outstanding , but be prepared for a wait if you have new model camera . And Aperture demands significant resources
 I 'm a professional photographer , and after extensively testing both Aperture and Lightroom , I 'm throwing my hat on the Aperture side.Lightroom , to be honest , is a great application . The layout is easy to understand , and the modules guide a first-time-user . I also find the plugin architecture compelling , allowing me to preview changes before applying filters , and then having the ability to delete and adjust applied filters . Having said that , Lightroom is clunky . It seems to be more of a Photoshop product than a digital image catalogue product . Quite frankly , nothing will replace Photoshop -- it is the end all and be all of photo applications . However , I need something to convert RAW files to workable JPEGs , and need an easy way to adjust white balance , exposure , tones , and noise . Although Lightroom makes this process reasonably easy , the module system -LRB- though helpful at first -RRB- begins to irritate me . I hate the thought of switching between one module and another simply to make one adjustment . I also do n't like to follow a structured format -- that is , I do n't want to first view my files and select them , THEN move on to the editing module to apply changes , THEN work on web development . To me , that 's too structured.Aperture , on the other hand , allows me to do everything at once . I can browse my RAW files and rate them ; if I find one I like but needs exposure control , I can bring up the transparent HUD , make my adjustments , and skip to the next file ... all without being forced to switch between modules.Aperture 2 is a superior product , much better than the first version . It is much faster than Lightroom -LRB- I 'm running a Mac Pro with dual core 2.66 ghz , 9gb RAM -RRB- . Importing files is a lot easier -- hell , I can even start browsing photos before they 're all downloaded . The interface is nice and clean -LRB- although , I must admit Lightroom 's interface is more attractive to me -RRB- . Aperture 2 also has multi-display support -- something Lightroom lacks . And the Loupe tool comes in handy every single time I use the application.In short , Apple has done an incredible job building upon Aperture 1 , and updating this fantastic application . As a professional photographer , Aperture is absolutely essential , no less so than Photoshop .
 I had switched to Lightroom because of performance issues with Aperture 1.5 and , too , at the time Lightroom had a more extensive array of develop tools , but I always preferred the mon-modular work flow of Aperture . The minute 2.0 was released , I switched back and am very pleased that I did ... Aperture now has all the features of Lightroom and more and the performance issues are no longer an issue . Both are great apps , but for me , Aperture is the one .
 I 've used Aperture since it 's initial release . It won out over Adobe 's product only because it became available first and I had a mighty need to organize my photos and work flow . My frustrations with the initial release of the Aperture 1.x series was non-intuitive menu items , viewing problems and sluggishness when downloading photos much less while running photoshop or some other memory hog . Aperture 2.0 is a pleasant surprise by a company that seems to listen to their customers . The menu items are much easier to understand and use and the performance on my Macbook Pro is not perfect but much much faster .
 I have LIghtroom and Aperture on my MBP . I have decided to uninstall LIghtroom after using both for about a year now . Both are excellent , but with Aperture integrating my images into all my other programs is effortless . Also the price is now more competitive and the ability to use Photoshop style plugins make it a no brainer . Highly recommend .
 As someone who comes from an IT background , who has been a Photoshop user since version 3 , I have to say the latest version of Aperture is a grand slam out-of-the-park home run . I used the trial versions of Adobe 's Light Room , and Aperture , and came away from my experience with a clear preference to Apple 's product primarily because Aperture 's user interface is much more clear and intuitive.A number of 3rd party developers have been busy making plug-ins for Aperture , but I 've found , once you understand to basic tools included in this program , you wo n't find it lacking much at all . On those occasions you might want them , you can pop out of Aperture into Photoshop with ease.If you feel you 've outgrown iPhoto , and have any doubts this is the tool for you , download the free demo from Apple and take a test drive . Apple 's site has 50 free tutorials to show you all the core elements and get you started . You 'll be back to Amazon soon enough to get your copy ...
 I used this product on a trial basis after shooting over 100 photos for a local dance performance . I was able to quickly crop , tweak , eliminate red-eye and perform a lot of other things quickly . I have Photoshop CS , but I have to upgrade in order to import my Nikon D300 images , so I thought I would give this a try as it is a less expensive answer than upgrading.Obviously it is not as powerful as Photoshop , but I have found it to handle a lot of the basic photo modifications well . Aperture is not quite as complex or intimidating to use and does n't require reading a book in order to figure out how to do the simple tasks . If I have a single photo that I need to spend a lot of time with or want to really change its ' appearance drastically , it 's off to Photoshop or Nikon Capture . If I have 50 pictures that need only minor tweaking , I 'm using Apple 's software.I doubt that there 's much Aperture will do that Photoshop wo n't , and if one takes the time to learn how to program Photoshop batch functions , maybe large numbers of photos can be handled just as quickly . But I do not think that many people could be as productive as quickly as they can with this software . It has Apple 's hallmark intuitive processes that you would expect to be a part of the package . You can export a selection of photos to low or high resolution jpg files very easily . And for those who 've not yet learned to shoot in the native RAW formats of their Nikons or Canons , you will be surprised to see just how many sub-par unprocessed JPG files can be transformed into winners by shooting in RAW and using the features in this software.It 's fairly priced , pretty powerful , and relatively simple to use . So shoot RAW , tweak , upload , print , frame up those stunning 8x10 photos in your office and start hearing people tell you how good a photographer you are !
 Apple Aperture 2.1 is great . I ca n't believe how easy it is to make changes to my pictures and having them go from just looking good to looking outstanding . Also love the ability to export versions of my pictures with ease . The online tutorials really makes you appreciate the full capabilities this product has to offer . Before watching the tutorials , I thought I could just correct my photos with Photoshop , but now I can see how quickly I can make even difficult changes with Aperture .
 This lets me review and rate RAW files SOOOO much better and faster than Photoshop or the editing tool that came with my Canon . I am very surprised how quickly I can scan through the images in the preview mode . The shortcut keys are definitely worth learning and the Loupe tool is great for checking focus quickly . Overall a great product . Wish it cost less , of course , but it is actually worth what I paid.Happy Shooting .
 Basically
 I 'm happy with the product . Received it when expected . Aperture is fairly easy to learn , very easy to use once you 've learned how to navigate its features , provides a logical and intuitive workflow for photo editing . It provides all the editing features one needs for post-production image refinement , with a few additional bells and whistles.My only disappointment with it is the lack of RAW reading / conversion for my current camera , a Panasonic Lumix G1 . I 'm hoping that will be remedied soon .
 My goal in purchasing Aperture was to cut down on editing time and to have a tool to be used in organizing the many photos I take . Aperture has exceeded my expectations ! The learning curve is reasonable , and the shortcut cheat-sheet has been helpful in helping me to utilize my time even more productively . WELL WORTH the money ; I would recommend this in a heartbeat -LRB- and in fact , have ! -RRB- !
 I have been using Photoshop Elements 3 and this product is a huge improvement . I find the controls to be much more intuitive and Mac centric . The Light Table feature is very helpful for arraigning layouts and seeing what sequence of photos will look the best . I would recommend this product .
 The importing of images is the best improved feature in my opinion ! Being able to have it filter out previously imported images is very helpful . Also being able to change the date a picture was taken is helpful .
 Like a lot of amateur photographers , I was wondering whether to make the leap and use RAW files or not . I decided to try RAW out , and in order to take advantage of RAW formats I got Aperture.So far , I 've found this to be a useful photo-processing program - certainly an improvement over iPhoto . Here are some of the highlights for me :1 -RRB- Easy to use adjustment tools . If you 've used iPhoto or any basic program , you can probably open Aperture and figure out how to use everything in 10 minutes . I remember years ago struggling with Adobe Photoshop and being confused out of my mind .2 -RRB- Good range of color adjustments available . I love being able to change the saturation of individual colors . The range does n't quite cover the entire rainbow -LRB- orange is missing -RRB- , but it is great when you want to adjust one color and not the others .3 -RRB- Aperture allows you to organize similar photos in stacks for easy access . Often , I take a series of photos of the same subject , changing shutter speed or f-stop slightly , to see which composition or exposure I like best . Stacks keeps all of these photos in a group so I can easily compare them later.Now , for the drawbacks :1 -RRB- The magnification tool -LRB- `` loupe '' -RRB- is not as useful as the magnification in iPhoto or other programs . First of all , it slows down the program quite a bit and every time I use it I have to wait about 20 seconds before I can continue using the program . Second , its minimum magnification is 50x , which is n't always useful -LRB- particularly if I want to see how a picture would look if cropped -RRB- . By contrast , iPhoto simply has a useful sliding bar that allows you to zoom in or out quickly .2 -RRB- Aperture , like many advanced photoshop programs , uses a lot of memory on your hard drive -LRB- ~ 1 GB -RRB- and ram . Using it slows your computer down . It has already crashed twice on me over the course of 24 hours . This certainly is n't a reason not to get it - I would just warn you against getting it and storing it on your computer if you do n't expect to seriously use it .3 -RRB- No full-screen editing mode .
 I was n't sure about this product at first because I was so used to Adobe Photoshop that I use at work but could not afford for my personal use . The aperture 2 software works great with my digital camera and the program is very user friendly and fun to use ! Highly recommended for beginners all the way to pros that are looking for a great photography editing software for the price .
 Apple Aperture 2.1.1 I was wondering if I should give Apple more of my money after being disappointed with Aperture 1.5 and after looking at the alternative , Adobe Lightroom , I decided to download the trial version of Aperture 2 from Apple and give it one last chance before I bought something else and I am glad I did.Aperture has streamlined some of the more frequently used features to make it easier to do minor edits without spending a lot of time messing about in different menus . More importantly , they made Aperture FAST.I have two Macintosh computers
 Everyone knows Aperture , so simply - the best program for photo-editing on Mac . BUY IT .
 Wrote a prior review recommending this product . Still learning it 's features but what a great piece of software ... I highly recommend it .
 This is a must have for anyone who enjoys the world of photography and enjoys fine-tuning their pictures . its much easier to use then i expected . I suggest you also purchase the book so you can follow along . THe difference after using aperture on my pictures is unbelievable .
 I tried Lightroom 2 , Capture NX and Aperture . They are all very good programs but I chose Aperture because of it 's ease of use and intuitive user interface . I 'm able to make some striking images and repair images that would seem to be a lost cause . The huge number of 3rd party plugins is just a bonus .
 If you want more control than iphoto , but easy to use this app is great .
 Always heard about the ease of use with Aperture from Mac users on various forums . While more of an Adobe user myself , when I acquired a Mac Pro , I decided to see if I could find a bargain on a slightly older version -LRB- 2 vs. 3 -RRB- to see for myself how Aperture compared to Photoshop/Bridge and Adobe Lightroom 2 . Photoshop it is definitely not , more akin to Lightroom with many project based workflows and organizational tools . Photo editing is pretty basic and straight forward although the controls take a bit of getting used to on a Mac after having used Adobe/Windows 7 for so long.All in all , a great deal . CD arrive in a sealed CD case with required product key codes affixed to the case . Did not arrive in the retail box pictured in the photo on Amazon , but did arrive quickly . Removed 1 star for the missing box , sorry , I am a believer in WYSIWYG .
 I was tired of the enormous cost of upgrades to Photoshop -LRB- and InDesign and Dreamweaver from Adobe -RRB- for managing publication , brochures and web site for a small business . Decided it was time to go cold turkey . Adobe is now in my rear view mirror and I am speeding away . I use Aperture for photo editing -LRB- no special layering effects or special effects - just organizing and touching up photos -RRB- . The functions are exceedingly easy to understand and use . It also does a terrific job of organizing my photo library -LRB- I love the batch edit and smart folders -RRB- . Grouping into projects is logical and useful . Integrating distinct color profiling into web pages and printing is slick and easy . Software is very speedy and responsive and my projects average about 1,000 images each -LRB- and it feels like much larger projects would be just as easy to manage -RRB- . I 'm using this on a 27 ` iMac with the i7 intel processor.Goodbye and good riddance to Adobe !!!
 I love aperture 2 , and it is a great photo editor , but if you are looking for an editor like photoshop , where you can put photos together , and do some crazy editing , this is n't for you .
 An awesome tool for managing huge numbers of photo files . Aperture also has outstanding editing tools to help you be more productive . With NIK plugins like silver effects pro , color effects pro and vivisa you hardly need to go to photoshop . Aperture is also a non destructive editing software so you know your original master image is always safe . Another big plus is that Aperture saves your edits as versions in small text files rather than clogging up your hard drive with full file sized copies . Aperture is one of the best software buys available considering just how much it can do and how much time it will save you organizing and searching for files .
 Great product ! ... Much easier learning curve then Adobe and a very simple layout . Great for editing RAW images and no problem with workflow . I use IPhoto for management and it seamlessly works with it . I highly recommend Nik Software complete edition for Aperture and then you have an editing platform as good -LRB- if not better in some ways -RRB- then Adobe Elements or CS4 . Some reviews remarked on speed . I have had no problems at all as long as you run 4mg of memory .
 Great editing tool . A little confusing at first but worth it . One thing Apple needs to cure . When downloading , Aperture picks up all photos , images on your computer and puts them into Aperture
 Aperture is a fantastic piece of software for managing and enhancing all your photos . You can manage master photos with various versions , which unlike iPhoto will store the adjustment parameters rather than a copy of the photo.Importing and generation of previews is threaded so you can continue working while it churns away in the background.I am a strong user of keywords and Aperture does not dissapoint . You can search on these keywords , any of the EXIF data , import date , photo date etc. I also recently designed and printed a book using Apples book printing service embedded in Aperture . It was an absolutely seemless process . I designed the book with ease . Apple pay attention to many of the minor details which make authoring a joy rather than a chore . Uploading , paying and receiving the book could not have been more seemless.I have not noticed any major bugs . One niggling bug , however , is that occasionally the thumbnails are not displayed correctly . Fortunately you can force a rebuild of those thumbnails .
 Aperture 2.1.1 is Apple 's considerable step up from iPhoto that lets hobbyists do much more in the way of digital editing . Having used -LRB- and dismissed -RRB- Aperture 1.0 , this new version was a welcome and overdue improvement . Aperture operates very similarly to iPhoto -- it has a library , projects , folders , etc and has all the Mac ease of use . Creating slide shows and books are flawless and simple.The greatest ease of use , however , is in mid-level photo editing . One can handle workflow in a completely manual format or can rely on Aperture 's impressive auto editing options . The interface is intuitive and easy to use . However , for the experienced Photoshop user or anyone needing to do serious photo manipulation and detailed editing -- especially those functions involving masking and color filtering -- they will find Aperture to be a little light on abilities . To be fair , this is not the intended use of this program . It is intended for the competent hobbyist wanting to do more than remove red-eyes but is not wanting to open and learn -LRB- or re-learn -RRB- Photoshop for the two or three times a year he or she might need it.This is a good , inexpensive program and for most tasks I have used it for , is more robust and easier to use than either Elements or Nikon Capture .
 I am an amateur at best and I took advantage of both free trial offers from Aperture 2 and LightRoom . Although LightRoom was similar , to me there was no comparison . I went into it with no experience and was totally objective in my opinion and found Aperture to be much much better . Used the same photo in both and consistently got better results in Aperture , with a more seamless flow to the work . One mans opinion !!
 I spent a loooong time deciding between Aperture and Lightroom . To me , they 're both really good , but neither is really great . Both are young , so we must be patient . And each has its strength right where you 'd expect - Lightroom is better integrated/matched with Photoshop -LRB- sometimes eschewing it altogether -RRB- in terms of editing , while Aperture is tightly integrated with the OS in organizing and tracking changes , while looking really good doing it - as you 'd expect from Apple . Lightroom is a more capable editor -LRB- `` plug-ins '' aside -RRB- , but ultimately I went with Aperture because my primary need was workflow and organization , and I already owned Photoshop for image editing power.Aperture needs a lot of attention though . There are too many bugs for a professional tool , and too many amateur features that need to be bumped up on par with the rest of Aperture -LRB- the way it 's marketed -RRB- . iPhoto and Aperture should not cross over , but rather be distinct and excel at what each is targeted for .
 I used the trial version of Aperture and Nikon Capture NX2 back to back for about a month . Both are great programs and I believe I would be happy with either . Ultimately I choose Aperture for its familiar interface and believe Apple will continue to ensure compatibility with OSX for a long time to come . Nikon support is excellent but their new proprietary RAW format that works only with Microsoft Windows took me by surprise . Not that I am affected because so far the new RAW format is only on their point and shoot cameras , I still felt slightly betrayed and uncertain what the future relationship with Apple will be . I figure no matter what happens I will still be able to use the same software to catalog and edit my photos .
 A good program for serious photographers , with a few caveats
 I own the non-upgradable Aperture 1.5 Academic , so I had to buy the full version of Aperture 2 . Other than this ridiculous and expensive policy , I am thoroughly pleased with Aperture . 1.5 . Knowing this , I ordered my Aperture 2 copy with much enthusiasm!I am very excited about the user interface changes , database structure changes , speed increases , and the new tools -LRB- vignetting , vibrancy , definition , etc -RRB- . It looks like Apple has still ignored everyone 's request for easy dvd burning directly from within Aperture though . Correct me if I am wrong -LRB- please ! -RRB- ... why do I have to export my versions/masters to a folder and then burn the folder ? I 'd like to be a able to click on an Aperture Project or Album and burn ! Its a simple request .
 I purchased this product because I was looking for something more than just the iphoto my Mac comes with . I can tell that I have opened the door to a whole new world . This product was cheaper than an Adobe Pro program and better than Photo shop Elements . I am overal happy with my purchase and I look forward to getting all that I can out of this .
 Product was great , no scratches on disc , product key and everything came with it as it should have , really appreciated ,
 Being new to a MAC ... I picked up this program to help me manage and edit my photos . Overall , its a great application and easy to use . Much better then iPhoto .
 I have used Aperture when version 2 first came out . It has allowed me much more control with photos than using iPhoto . Being able to change 20 to 500 images with the same adjustments is one big thing over iPhoto . It really is the next step when working with lots of photos . This is n't Photoshop but has a handful of adjustments that work really well . Some of these same adjustments are in iPhoto but I see much better control in Aperture 2 . The adjustments in iPhoto are more for consumers and are not meant for amateur to pro use . You wo n't be disappointed with Aperture 2 .
 REally nice workflow , perfect visualization of the taken images , easy to use tools , very nice interface , shame mac ca n't edit the Lumix LX3 raw files yet , waiting on the update !!
 Fast and easy , load it and go , online tutorials if you need them . Just does n't get any better . Outstanding features and far easier than LightRoom or PhotoShop .
 This runs far smoother than 1.0 and the updates . The browsing on my macbook pro feels more like it does for iphoto making the experience much more pleasurable . If you 're an amatuer just stick to iphoto though for the most part the only thing i can think of that feels better with aperture 2.0 are the workflows and the presentation of work . All in all it 's not much of an upgrade except performance improvements .
 As an ex Leica man and former Nikon SLR users this is my first venture into the world of DSLR . I have a Canon pocket digital that I used in conjunction with IPhoto and Photoshop elements for little family outings and such . However , I never ventured past iPhoto or Photoshop Elements with the little Canon pocket . I was still into Leica M -LRB- rangefinder -RRB- . That is over.Two weeks ago I purchased a new NIkon D90 and 24mm-70mm lens . All of my photos are shot in RAW that generates large files . Once I learned the Apple had a software program called Aperture , I went to their web-site and looked at their tutorials . They were a Godsend . It is easy to toggle back from the tutorials or Aperture if you have a question when working in Aperture . Also , I purchased a book on Aperture and took the Apple one-to-one -LRB- available from Apple for $ 100 for a year 's worth of sessions -RRB- on this program . There are two things about this program . First , is what you need to know . Second , is the potential of the program and what you can know . Between the on-line Apple tutorials , one-to one and the book -LRB- Apple Aperture 2
 APERTURE 2 for MAC is a complex program . You will need to get a large detailed manual , or better yet , sign up for some classes at your Apple store . There are plenty of photo editing tools , all of the usual ones plus plenty more , allowing you to be as creative as you want to be . But probably the main purpose of this program is a way to organize and categorize your images within Aperture . In iPhoto , I have so many copies of the same image in so many folders , and sometimes the one I want is still hard to find . Aperture gets you away from folders . It takes time to do it right , but when you do , finding the image you want is a breeze . You assign various keywords to each image , whichever ones are appropriate for you , and as many as you want per image . When you complete that project , you can search by any keyword , and all of the images you have assigned that keyword to will show up . It could n't be easier . But you will need help in getting this done so you do it right . I take classes at my Apple store , the One-to-One classes .
 Aperture 2.1 is the first professional digital work-flow tool I have owned and used extensively . Like many photographers , I was in desperate need of something to help me manage thousands and thousands of pictures . The workflow is easy to understand , fast , and has good sorting and selection capabilities . The innovative `` Stack '' tool is especially useful for sorting through dozens of nearly similar options of the same shot . On my MacBook Pro -LRB- Unibody 2.4 GHz Intel Core Duo -RRB- , I am not experiencing any performance issues.Many reviewers focus on Aperture as an excellent RAW work-flow tool , and while it certainly is that , it is every bit as useful for your JPEGs . In fact , I primarily shoot JPEG , except for when I expect to run into unusual exposure and color issues , for which I will also shoot RAW . -LRB- For my needs I find that shooting RAW is quite often overkill , and as a bonus , transferring and processing JPEG is much less time consuming , and requires substantially less storage space . -RRB- The adjustment tools may remind you of iPhoto 's , except there are more of them , and they are much more capable and sophisticated . That being said , Aperture is not a full-fledged image editor , and many users will want to use Aperture in conjunction with an external editor such as Photoshop -LRB- or Photoshop Elements -RRB- . External editors are well integrated into Aperture 's workflow . From within Aperture , you will be able to address most exposure , contrast and color issues thanks to the strong tools in this category , as well as retouching , cropping , rotation , and some noise reduction issues . All of these adjustments are performed non-destructively , and can be undone selectively.Aperture accepts plug-ins and comes with one included in the box -LRB- Dodge and Burn -RRB- . When using plug-ins , Aperture creates a new TIFF-version of your original file -LRB- actually , more precisely , of the `` version '' of your original file that you are working on -RRB- . My only objection to this workflow is that if you need to use several plug-ins on one image -LRB- e.g. , a Dfine 2.0 Noise Reduction , followed by some Dodge and Burn , and perhaps Pro Contrast from NIK Software 's ColorEfx Pro -RRB- , you end up with a new TIFF file for every plug-in you use , as Aperture plug-ins do not operate in layers like they would in Photoshop , for example . I should also mention that I have on occasion experienced some stability issues with Aperture , and they almost always occur when using it in conjunction with plug-ins . However , these crashes have never compromised the integrity of the database -LRB- Aperture users will most often store their libraries as an Aperture managed database -RRB- . I have also produced a couple of photo-books which I have to say I have been very happy with . The quality is good -LRB- not as good as if you print your own on a high-quality printer , but good nevertheless -RRB- . You 'll find fewer pre-defined layouts than in iPhoto , but the ones that are here are more geared towards professionals . One feature that seems to be lacking , and that I have found useful in the past with other photo-book vendors such as Blurb , is recommended resolutions for each photo , based on the exact dimension of each frame . With such a tool , sharpness is optimized for each image . That being said , the lack of this tool did not seem to affect image quality too much in the Aperture books that I ordered.All in all , Aperture 2 is a very strong product and one that I now rely on entirely for my workflow . I recommend getting a book about Aperture -LRB- I bought `` Apple Pro Training Series
 Aperture 2.1.1 is a complete image management software program that leaves others in the dust . I needed a step up from Adobe Bridge , PSElements , and iPhoto , and Aperture has blown me away with its ' total workflow package . I appreciate the easy and space-saving user interface immensely . Also the logic behind the logic when it comes to tweaking images , whether in jpg or RAW . The compatibility between other Apple software is definitely an added plus.My suggestion
 Quick access to photos for very easy modification . Much more editing , organizing , and viewing options then iphoto and is worth the $ $ . Iphoto was too basic plus it did not provide and option for use with an external editor like PT Lens . I have used Photoshop Element , ACDC and like Aperture the best .
 I was an iPhoto user before , but I 'm very happy with the expanded capabilities in Aperature . The only drawback I 've seen is that I ca n't figure out how to convert/save a picture into black & white or sepia . But I can always use iPhoto to do that . I also love the custom books part - all the pages are customizable -LRB- you can change the layout , fonts , sizes , etc on each page -RRB- , which you ca n't do in iPhoto 's custom books.Overall , I 'm very happy with Aperature 2 and would recommend it to anyone that 's serious about photography !
 This is a powerful program . There are so many ways to adjust pictures and bring out all the detail of RAW shots . The ones I have edited in Aperture are definitely better than in iPhoto . Before you go hog wild and download all your photos into Aperture from iphoto , take some time to read the instructions online and think about how you want your photos organized . If you are coming over from iPhoto this is n't a slam dunk . You will have to learn how the projects , folders and albums all work with each other . The built in keywords were annoying to me because they did n't fit my photography or my organization scheme . Working with sets of keywords getting a little used to . Some of the features seem like they should be obvious , but are not . The LOOP feature is n't as friendly as the old slider to magnify shots . Some of the little icons are almost impossible to see and figure out what they do . I think it will be awesome once I get used to it and learn all about it . If you like using keystroke shortcuts , you 'll have lots to play with here . I did n't have a steep learning curve with iPhoto . It came quick and easy . It 's going to take longer with Aperture for sure.Oh yeah , I upgraded the RAM on my 20 '' late 2007 iMac to 3 GB from 1 . It helped the program run faster . I recommend doing this .
 I use a Canon XSi , and Aperture converts RAW images so easily . I use Aperture 2 on a PowerBook G4 , 1.67 Ghz , 2 GB RAM ; it 's slow at times esp . with exports ; but it works great . I can do other things in Aperture while is exports . I 've never used Lightroom , but I have no need for it . I only have Photoshop CS2 -LRB- this computer does not run CS3 well at all -RRB- ; so I must convert RAW to DNG before I can use Photoshop . Aperture does that for me . Look into some plug-ins for exporting to Flickr/facebook etc , as that will speed up the process ; and even for DNG conversion if you want/need to use Photoshop and Camera Raw does n't support your camera . But Aperture supports more than Camera Raw anyway . I love the Vault feature , and I have my Aperture Library backed up on a few drives - it 's easy and thoughtless with Aperture . I 'm not a pro , just a serious hobbyist .
 Aperture 2 is the best editing program ever . It blows Adobe Lightroom away . Apple went to the top photographers of the world asked them what they would like to see in editing software and Aperture 2 was created . If you are a PC owner this product alone is worth switching to an Apple computer . I did partly because of it .
 I 'm new to Apple -LRB- MacBook Pro -RRB- . This could make working with photo image software daunting . However , Aperture provides instant success ! I 've muddled through several simple Windows off the shelf photo software with marginal output . Aperture loaded 8GB of vacation photos with ease and very quickly -LRB- less than 30 seconds or so -RRB- . Prior practice with sample images had provided sufficient guidance for workspace management . I successfully created Projects as a way to sort out the kinds of photos I had taken . The enhancement adjustments -LRB- level horizon , sharpening , color definition -RRB- for individual shots were straight forward and could be viewed full screen . Output for print to my local photo shop worked fine -LRB- my print shop was a tad surprised at the pixel size , but the 300 dpi and jpeg requirements met their specifications -RRB- . Most importantly in all this , the original image files were in Canon 's 5D Mark II CR2 format , with customary resolution of around 5616 X 3744 -LRB- 21.1 Megapixels -RRB- . Aperture functioned with ease . All click and slide adjustments worked without a hitch . The Aperture software is a great platform for anyone , even Apple/MackBook Pro newcomers .
 Very good product . Will take some time to understand fully , but quite an improvement over iPhoto . If you need to enhance your photos on the MAC , this is a great way to go .
 I went with Amazon because they had an amazing price compared to Apple . I 'm really enjoying the program too !
 This is such an easy product to use . I am extremely happy with the purchase .
 Greetings , I recently purchased Extensis PhotoFrame 2.5 for Photoshop 7 this past week.Photoframes is pretty much a plug-in to use with your Photoshop to apply really awesome frames , vignettes , borders and textures.In my previous job , I used 2.0 for Adobe Photoshop 5.5 and was amazed by the hundreds of cool borders that you could use for a photo . These are not the typical type of frames , vignettes or borders that you download online or theones that come with books such as -LRB- PS7 One Click Wow ! - A book/CD I still recommend PS 7 users to get -RRB- but in the past , I heavily used Photoframes forthe publications that I worked on.Now here is PhotoFrame 2.5 for Adobe Photoshop 7 . For Mac users , it 's OS X native and the new version comes with 2,000 frames , vignettes , borders and textures . One of the things I have been looking for is a program to do some really cool bordering for clients advertisements but was somewhat limitedbecause not too many things were out for Photoshop 7/OS X. Programs with an extensive list of borders were limited until now . PhotoFrame 2.5 is here and I highly recommend this program for people who work on photos or publications . For designers , it 's another awesome tool to have for Photoshop.You can make your own frames , tweak them with the special effects such as drop shadows , glows , bevels , textures , blur , noise , opacity , blend modes and more . You can combine and adjust wave , triangle , sawtooth , random , brush , diffusion and cleanup effects to customize your frame and more.Check it out ! I 'm sure you will love it !
 If the image on your monitor does n't match what comes out of the printer , this gizmo will fix the problem . It works with both CRTs and LCD 's . It takes 15 minutes and when youre done the monitor will use a custom profile that sets the mix of red , green and blue correctly , along with the brightness . You have to know in advance what kind of controls your monitor has -- no color controls -- common on laptops , or user-set RGB and color temperature controls . But the insructions tell you how to find out , and the product works with either type . Hint # 1
 Ability to calibrate your monitor is a must for anyone involved in photographic editing work . It is most distressing for an image to look fine on your monitor only to have it print with different colors or worse , a client/friend complain about the poor coloring of the image . It is easy to use but I believe a better calibration job could be done . It is still a good value to basic calibration .
 PerezDesignGroup 's review , below , is an excellent one that fully describes this product . My only difference is that on my two desktop computers ' LCD monitors I did n't have any problems with the gamma -LRB- as he did with his laptop monitor -RRB- . Both of my monitors calibrated fine . So , unlike his two star rating , I 'm giving the product a four star rating .
 I have been a Goldmine user for the last four years , but after downloading the free trial version of ACT ! 6.0 from their web site , I decided to switch . ACT ! 6.0 has a much nicer graphical interface and more enriched features than previous releases . ACT ! 6.0 integrated nicely with my outlook XP so that I am able to compose and read messages that are sent with Outlook from within the ACT ! console . This is a nice feature because email retrieved by ACT ! this way can be scanned by my anti-virus software . The library tab is a nice added feature and it allows you to associate several media type files with your contact.Data conversion for me was quick . I found it fairly easy to set up custom field and reports within ACT . I would recomend this product strongly to anyone who is in the market for contact software . If you are already an Outlook user , this product is particular nice because of its integration with that program .
 Been using ACT ! since 1991 ; this is an effective and incremental upgrade . A good deal of the development effort apparently went into the e-mail functionality , which allows you to create and send graphical -LRB- HTML -RRB- e-mail . I 've already used a template to create a newsletter for my business and mail it out to about a hundred clients , personalized with their name , etc.Another new feature is the library tab , which allows you to display a graphics file -LRB- or MS Word , Excel , or Adobe Acrobat file -RRB- alongside a contact record . The Outlook integration allows you to attach an e-mail received in Outlook against an ACT ! record , to provide an inbound and outbound record of communications with contacts.Several new reports , a few new lookup features , including one that lets you search for contacts that you have n't done anything with in a while . For me , having a more robust e-mail client inside ACT ! made the purchase worthwhile.It 's always been the favorite of most salespeople who 've used it because it 's well-designed , easy to learn , and for the price , a phenomenal deal . There 's nothing else out there like it .
 I am happy to see ACT ! 6.0 ! I am also grateful to see that the folks at ACT ! listened to me and improved their e-mail client in this new release . Their new e-mail client seems to work as well as Outlook , but now I do n't ever have to leave the program , which is a huge plus . I also really like the library tab and I have been able to use the ACT ! Quick Books link to tie my ACT ! in with my Quick Book Pro.I am a huge fan ! Keep up the good work ACT !
 I disagree with the bad reviews on ACT ! 6.0 . I think ACT ! 6.0 is a phenomenal product and it has been my lifeline since version 2.0 . In the past my biggest complaint about ACT ! was the e-mail client . In the past it was n't real user friendly like the rest of ACT ! but with ACT ! 6.0 the e-mail client has caught up with the core competency and now I can stay within the program at all times . I can also generate simple invoices and quotes to my customers through the new library tab , which is one of my favorite new features.I think ACT ! 6.0 is a solid upgrade from ACT ! 2000 and it is worth the -LSB- $ $ -RSB- bucks just for the e-mail portion and I would pay another -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for the library tab ... In my opinion , the people writing bad reviews on ACT ! 6.0 do n't use it to its full capabilities and therefore they do not recognize the improvements.Sincerely , Satisfied ACT ! Customer for 10 years !
 If you need a program to manage your contacts -LRB- especially if you send out a lot of documents , contracts , etc. -RRB- this is a wonderful tool to manage all your data . The included `` SideACT '' program is a very handy little on-the-fly to-do list that you can then integrate with the main program , and it runs very well with Outlook.ACT has one major flaw , however . The manual it ships with is not adequate to learn all the intricacies of the program . There are standard features not even mentioned in the included guide . They are , however , explained in an after-market book , put out by the same software publishers ... < If not for this factor , I would have bumped my rating up to 5 stars.With that caveat in mind , the program is well worth the time and money .
 Wisely hired a pro -LRB- developer -RRB- to install and modify this to work exactly the way I want to monitor the performance of the sales person . That way it will make reports the way we want them , and even upload the recent contact notes to a webpage like so other managers can see progress . With a fax modem card this even dials the phone on command while automatically recording the date of the call for progress reports . Now we know whether or not the contract sales people are really putting in the hours , etc. . Very cool .
 I do a lot of photo editing and this is one very , very good product for it . Easy to use and has all the features that I was looking for .
 We 've been using Simply Bitware with Outlook for over 5 years and its one of the best and most important programs on our computer.I stumbled over these bad reviews and wanted to balance out the comments.The biggest benefit is that Bitware adds fax and VOICE capability to Outlook . It sends and receives faxes but the most surprising thing is that it acts as our answering machine and also SENDS voice messages . I used this to tell our neighborhood about a political meeting by sending 300 voice messges . Everyone thought I had called them personally!When we get home all communications are in our inbox - email , fax & voice - one place to get everything . Voice messages and faxes can be stored just like emails , in Outlook 's folders and played/viewed by just double-clicking . Our installation has two modems and two lines , Bitware manages them both . When we send faxes it automatically selects a free line so both lines can be used at once.I think the problems people have are to do with getting decent modems and installing them right.We used Bitware for 4 years with Outlook 2000 and recently upgraded to Outlook 2003 and Bitware works really well .
 Found this product did exactly what I required of it - answered the phone for me and allowed people to send a fax or leave me a voice message . But make sure your modem is a class 1 or 2 faxmodem and you have the latest drivers from the modem manufacturer .
 Hello.My name is Morteza.I want to be have a software that can tel whit it.And I have not any credit card I want to be have a credit card to shopping.Please help me.Thank you !
 I purchased the JumpVault data back up software combo for work and I love it . The set up was simple to follow and very user friendly for those not computer savy . I set the automatic scheduler to back up my ACT files each day before I leave work and I know my data is safe and secure . I have 2 computers and I use my flash drive and JumpVault software to move data from work to home and vice versa . If I knew back up was so simple I would have made the investment years ago.Thanks JumpVault!Nina
 Great product for anyone looking for a portable back up solution . For the money , JumpVault is the best .
 This font package is meant for professional graphic designers , not just your average joe with a computer at home . That 's why it 's so expensive . Graphic designers ca n't just use the free fonts you download , or the $ 20 cheapy package of fonts ; we need the full versions of postscript or opentype fonts to be compatible with the sophisticated equipment used at printing presses . So for us , this package is excellent .
 ok , for 10k , its liscenced for 20 computers . That is that main reason it is so expensive . Aside from the price , if you are a real designer , font folio will provide you with every font you would ever want to use in a design . Forget about downloading free fonts . They are all pretty much crap aside from a very few mediocre web sites . And as far as making your own , I hope you have been to graphic design school and have training in typography so you are not polluting the already oversaturated world of home-made fonts .
 While Adobe does have unsurpassed fonts when it comes to overall design and quality , it 's hard to believe that wnyone would buy this via Amazon -LRB- ca n't blame them for trying :--RRB- -LSB- to the joker who says his fonts are free - you get what you pay for -RSB-
 Apparently the other reviewer does not know how to read.Why do IT services if all you do is look at pictures?BTW , there is not even a picture of a CD ! '' -LRB- 5 CAL License Pack , No Disc Included -RRB- '' ... `` Platform
 my advice is to make sure you need it before you buy it , but if you know you need it , then buy it . How will you know ? If you need it , you would already know that you do . If you do n't know that you need server version , then you probably do n't need it . Most day to day tasks are done by the normal version of the os in ways that are much simpler than the server tools . Now you do get a variety of nice things with the unlimited client , such as server managment systems , monitoring systems , etc. , but if you are just doing a basic install without a complex networking or users/groups system , then you probably should try to do what you need to do with a 10.1 or 10.2 and see if you actually have to own the server . I would say the ideal application of a server install is for a medium to large lab install using netboot , where the actual cost of doing it via server will lower the TCO significantly .
 This is an excellent product for converting VHS tapes to MPEG files for making DVDs . I did n't really care about the TV feature as my main objective of buying this product is to convert VHS tapes to DVDs , but the TV feature works very well also . If you read CNET or other sites you will see that this product gets bad reviews , I think it 's because of the old driver , I use driver version 1.6 and it works the first time without a problem . This thing does the MPEG encoding in the hardware so it does not hog your PC like software encoding , the quality of video is excellent . As of this writting I see there are ` used ' prices on here at $ $ $ , I wish I had checked here first :-RRB- It 's a bargain at $ $ $ .
 I bought this solely for use as a PVR and things really did n't look good at first and I was on the verge of returning it for a refund . Then I realised that there 's some VERY good alternative software out there which is free . After trying a lot of different driver versions for this card and numerous other pieces of software I have now settled on a program called GBPVR . It completely replaces the awful WinTV software and works so well , that I have turned a computer into a full time entertainment machine and stored it in the TV rack as opposed to on the desk.Not only does it give you 7 days worth of TV listings through a very nice interface , you can use it as a music jukebox , a newsreader , a video archiver , you can check the weather forecast on it , get theatre listings , rip DVD 's , the list goes on and I can do this all without even connecting the computer to a keyboard , mouse or monitor . It simply runs through my TV and I use the supplied remote to control everything.The PVR functions are excellent , it does just about everything a TiVo box does and is just as nice to use . The onscreen displays are nicely laid out and the remote is suddenly a very logical thing to use , a big improvement over the Hauppauge software.The best improvement they could make to this product would be to enable it to handle DivX compression , so then you 'd get a lot more recording for your hard drive space.Don ' t let the bad software put you off , with a bit of time and perseverence , you can have a fully functioning PVR -LRB- and a whole lot more -RRB- for much less than you would have to shell out for something like Sky +
 I bought the PVR350 to transfer VHS and Beta to hard disk for eventual transfer to DVD -LRB- when I get a DVD burner -RRB- , as well as to experiment with replacing VCRs with a home-made replacement . My plans included a dual-boot system -LRB- Windows 2000 and RedHat Linux 9 , both freshly loaded and updated prior to card installation -RRB- dedicated to my home entertainment system ; hardware is a 933 MHz Pentium III , 512 MB , 10 GB plus 80 GB drives , ASUS motherboard , etc.After working with the 350 for about a week now , I 've got some opinions on some aspects of it . Overall , the hardware seems pretty good - no problem at all with the TV component outputs from the card to the TV - mpegs recorded off of cable seem to be just as good as the original feed . No problems at all with audio/video synchronization I see often complained about elsewhere - I 've yet to have any sync problems -LRB- after probably 20 hours of recording -RRB- . I 'm getting between 1 to 2 GB of file size per hour , so my 80 GB drive would seem to be good for at least 40 hours.Only real problem I 've had is with the nanoPEG editing software , and a slight problem with the PVR350 software -LRB- drivers or application , I do n't know -RRB- . First , the main software will not play the last 5 to 10 seconds of the MPEG file to the TV outputs . After doing a fair amount of editing - getting rid of stuff at the beginning and end of a tape transferred to the PC , I find that I 'm missing the final few seconds -LRB- often disruptingly so -RRB- of the file . However , I can verify the information * is * in the file when I play it on the PC screen via Windows Media player , etc. . The nanoPEG ca n't join two files , either , although it seems to succeed . My correction to the first problem was to attempt to append 10 seconds of blank screen/no audio to the end of affected clips . What I ended up with was a ten minute file that now says its 10 seconds long , even though it keeps playing past the 10 second mark , but you ca n't do any jog or other operations with the resulting file.The DVD-making software seems pretty good -LRB- Ulead DVD Movie Factory -RRB- , but , as I have no DVD burner yet , I ca n't say for sure - I went through the motions of creating one , and it seems not bad -LRB- but I have no experience with DVD creation software -RRB- . And , Hauppauge tech support seems fairly unresponsive . I sent them email , no response.My next step will be to work with it under Linux -LRB- all previous comments refer to it under Windows 2000 -RRB- , but then all of the software is Open-Source , and I know I 'm on my own.In short , the hardware seems pretty good , but I 'm not too impressed with some basic issues with the WinTV2000 viewing software and the NanoPeg editing software .
 After 6 months , I only use the Hauppauge WINTV-PVR 350 for analog video capture and output to/from a VCR . The personal videorecorder -LRB- PVR -RRB- feature was a disappointment.Pros :1 . Great analog video capture and output quality .2 . Great analog cable TV channel video quality -LRB- although I 'd rather watch TV on a TV -RRB- Cons :1 . The user interface is not designed for analog video capture and output , and is awkward to figure out and use . For example , you click the tiny green bar twice to switch from the cable TV input to the composite video input , and you capture and output video by clicking on the Record button .2 . Only MPEG-2 740x480 with 44.1 kHz audio outputs correctly , otherwise you can get strange error messages like `` there is no common media type between these pins '' .3 . Occasionally I get a blue screen error in another driver when shutting down my PC after using WinTV , so I suspect it 's driver has a wild write bug that is overwriting another driver .4 . When playing back recorded TV programs , there is no Close Captioning -LRB- I 've come to depend on this due to a slight hearing loss -RRB- .5 . It does n't mark/skip commercials like my Panasonic VCR .6 . The remote control is so difficult to use to manually skip commercials that I gave up on using WinTV as a PVR , and never even tried the Snapstream trial .
 Used the PVR-350 to capture old VHS and VHS C tapes to digital mpeg format files using an AMD xp 2800 + pc . A PVR-250 should work just as well . The video output quality is excellent and no problems with audio sync as the PVR 350 also captures the audio . The PVR 350 card does the encoding work so you do n't need a very powerful computer . Card also has an audio input so you do n't need to use your sound card for encoding , so video and audio sync is perfect . Use Wintv2000 to capture , edit with AVS video remaker v2 .3 . AVS does not alter the quality at all as it does not re-encode the mpeg but just removes frames , which preserves the original quality . AVS capture will recognize the card and capture from it , but the quality was slightly better with WINTV2000 , which is free . Configure wintv2000 to output as DVD standard play for best compatibily with DVD authoring programs . After editing with AVS video remaker , be sure to save segments as seperate files or you may have trouble using the cuts in a video authoring program . AVS video remaker will also burn directly to DVD as well as saving to mpeg . An inexpensive method to do high quality capture of legacy VHS video to digital format .
 I bought this product to transfer home movies from VHS to DVD . It works very well . Installation is a little challenging and there is n't much to the manual . The problem is , once you get it set up , see the clear picture , the free internet TV schedule , the remote recording function ; that 's it . Your addicted ! You wo n't want to do anything else but mess with this toy . You 've been warned !
 The Norton product works great ... If you install Goback 3 from the cd be warned Roxio support even states on their site that this version is NOT W XP 2000 compatible.Goback 3.10 + will work with Xp ...
 Norton System Works is a good program with antivirus , and defragmention and correction programs . The firewall is also a good program to prevent anyone unloading undesirable things on you .
 This thing RULES ALL ! It 's extremely simple to use . Start it up when you computer acts sticky or schedule it to keep your PC running in top shape . Norton AntiVirus , which is included , found one virus on my system which my updated McAfee Virus Scan did not . Norton AntiVirus auto protect scans incoming and outgoing email for viruses so it 's next to impossible to contract or spread anything . Combine that with Norton 's easy to configure Firewall and Live update and you 've got a safe , optimized system .
 Norton System Works 2002 is an excellent product . Never again do I need to run the slow windows utilities . This product not only does everything that windows utilities can do , but it does it faster . It can track your registry and restore it to older versions if you make a mistake . It keeps your disk optimized for greatest speed . And it can do all of this for you automatically , prompt you for permission , or do it only on command . Norton Personal Firewall , like all norton products I have owned over the years , does exactly what it should do . You do n't have to worry any longer about probes , or any hacker getting information from your computer . It not only manages what comes in , but also what goes out . And it even has an update feature -LRB- which can be scheduled automatically if you like -RRB- to keep itself ready for the newest threats .
 This is a great suite and I highly recommend it for anyone , especially for people with always-on connections on their computers . The Firewall is an imperative security measure , and the Antivirus is also a must . The rest of the programs are great and really can help fine tune your computer . My only complaint is that Symantec always tried to make their programs look nice and give them all sorts of colorful windows and such , I would just rather see a program that had menus like the other 99 % of programs in the world . It would make things much easier .
 This software suite combines the Utilities , Antivirus , cleansweep and the firewall protection all together . Firewalls are cruical in today 's world and the system works makes your OS work better . And this works with all of the windows systems .
 Everyone - This product is simply everything you need to tightly secure your computer , as well as to defend against viruses , as well as to ensure your hard drive is in top shape.You will not do any wrong by purchasing this product .
 I have the entire suite of Norton products and find them easy , efficient and safe to use . My machines have never been more clean , efficient and stable . Would recommend to any one .
 I own and continue to use Ulead Media Studio Pro . I 've been a loyal user of Ulead since their company first started around 1990 . Corel bought Ulead and promptly Killed this product . Media Studio Pro 8.0 . Yes MSPro does not support nearly all of the new HD formats . I 'm sure that MSP 9 would have been an incredible product . But . . Corel killed it . The `` Editing '' public is stuck with Video Studio . A low cost video editor.Video Studio 12 - II has some very Incredible features though . It allows you the ability to directly out put an . FLV file . If you run a web site . . all you need is the Flash player . Usually about $ 30 for a full featured player . . and that 's it ! You do n't have to waste your time with Adobe 's BS . The latest version of Video Studio and an Online Flash player is all you need for professional Internet Video.GENE
 Spamfire has done an excellent job of Spam filtering . It has caught every bit of Spam . On occasion it catches legitimate messages , but it learns very quickly . I use Spamfire with Entourage and have had no problems . It 's extremely easy to use .
 My two sons ages 15 & 18 took Mandarin 1 and 2 this summer at our local university and I thought that this would be a good training tool to supplement classroom instruction -LRB- after downloading the demo from their website -RRB- . It turned out that they both preferred the Fluenz leaning software to class and were able to use the information readily . My younger son spent the most time using the software of the two , mastering each workshop , and as a result he was awarded one of the best grades in the class -LRB- not bad for a high school freshman ! -RRB- . Sonia does a superb job guiding you through the process and is so easy to understand . Overall , this package was extremely well done ! Since the boys are also learning Spanish , I fully intend to purchase that package when it 's released this Fall ... hopefully they are sending Sonia to Mexico !
 I got a great start learning Mandarin from Fluenz ! I found Fluenz more useful than a book with CD because it is very interactive , ensuring that I learn each grammar concept and word thoroughly before moving onto the next lesson . The vocabulary covered will enable you to get around independently in China and also covers much of the ground a business person would want to know . The CD only alternative , e.g. , Pimsleur , I do n't feel is worthwhile for Mandarin because it wo n't give you access to Pinyin , a form of written Mandarin which is easy to learn and which is indispensable if you want to learn more vocabulary . And I thought the Rosetta Stone sample simply sucked - I do n't think I could learn any language that way.The only reason I gave this title four stars rather than 5 is that the software implementation could be a lot better . In several lessons we are treated to a video of Sonia Gil -LRB- who is very easy on the eyes , by the way ! -RRB- speaking with her voice about 5 seconds ahead of her image . The ingenious tablet to type pinyin vowels is marred by the fact that the location of the cursor jumps unpredictably while you are typing answers - you better watch what you 're doing and expect to have to hit the back key often - this takes up extra time and attention better spent on learning the language . Also , you can type in an incorrect answer and move on , something the software is supposed to prevent . Other times , the posted answer is incorrect , leaving me with a feeling nobody proofed the software . And finally , the instructions at the start of the DVD did not cover all sections of the lessons.Some suggested improvements - An index to the lessons and topics with hot keys , when someone asks for an answer keep their incorrect answer visible so they can see and learn from what they did wrong . I 'd also enjoy some lessons on words associated with emotions and family rather than just shopping or asking directions , e.g. , happy , sad , worried , how many brothers or sisters.Criticisms aside , this course is well worth the money . I enjoyed learning from it !
 I will be moving to China for a few years . I have Rosetta 2.0 and have been using it for a year , this is the online version provided by my company . Because I am almost done with Unit 2 I am looking at buying Unit 3 . I am learning a lot with Rosetta but had to figure out how to make it work or me . During the first month or two I ran into many frustrations that have been mentioned in other critiques . The pictures are not always demonstrative of what the text is trying to teach , non-useful words pop up occasionally -LRB- kangaroo ?? -RRB- , the lack of measure word explanations or any explanation of sentence structure or tones adds to confusion . The large number of words introduced quickly made it very confusing to continue in Pinyin since the tones are never explained , so I switched to characters and now can read a lot of characters . I did find a method of study that works for me and am learning a lot of words , some sentence structure and do get a lot of exposure to listening and speaking . Version 3 seems to fix some but not all of the issues I have and I still may buy Version 3 . I saw some reviews that mentioned Fluenz . I tried the demo and though the vocabulary is very limited when compared to Rosetta , I liked the style of instruction . Sonia & iexcl ; s step by step explanation is welcome . The exercises are easy and give a good system of repetition , the typing is easier than one reviewer states -LRB- you just type the tone number after the vowel and the tone mark is inserted -RRB- . I showed the demo to my GF who has been resisting learning the language and she liked it . The content is useful ; the words that are presented can be used immediately and are presented in different sentences to get you to think about making and responding to simple sentences and questions . Rosetta V 2 did not present n ho -LRB- hello -RRB- until Unit 2 . There are some improvements that could be made to Fluenz execution but the software is working , we have had the software for a little over 2 weeks and have gone through 6 lessons . My GF is picking up the conversations quickly and walks around during the day repeating the words , constructing sentences and seems to be enjoying the experience . Fluenz does not use characters but with the tonal explanation and well executed repetition exercises the pinyin is useful . As Sonia states early on most Chinese can not read Pinyin , if your directions and electronic translator are in Pinyin you better be able to read and pronounce the words.So which software to buy ? If you are going to China soon , on a business or pleasure trip , get Fluenz to learn some immediately useful conversational skills and learn the basics of the tonal language . Going for a long time or planning on continued business ? Start with Fluenz and then switch to Rosetta for more advanced listening and vocabulary skills . If available go to local classes soon after starting your software usage .
 I 've tried learning Mandarin a few different ways , and this is by far the best way to get started . I 'm about halfway through the DVD , and we 've probably covered about as much as I learned in a semester I took in college about ten years ago -LRB- minus the characters , about which more below -RRB- . My main recommendations are
 Our family has attempted to learn languages using Rosetta Stone for several years . We have been unsuccessful , becoming easily frustrated because of a lack of understanding of what is being taught to us.Last year , when my husband was asked to learn French for work , I decided to look further for a language program that would be more helpful . That is when I found Fluenz . He ordered a copy and within weeks , people at work were commenting on his skill as a French speaker ! Because he is a manager , and would like to see his team also learn French , he ordered a second copy for the office.After a few months , my 12 and 8 year old daughters began to have a desire to learn French like their dad , and he starting bringing the program home . He eventually purchased a copy for them so that they could have more time with it . They were about half way through the program , and had begun to write short emails to their father in French , when a manager from Montreal visited his work site . He saw the email and asked who had written it . My husband told him that it was from his 12 year old daughter . The manager said , `` She spells better than my 12 year old , who attends a French private school in Montreal ! '' We were very happy to hear this !! Recently my children -LRB- three of whom are adopted from China -RRB- expressed a desire to re-start their Chinese Language education , and of course , they did that by asking me to purchase the Fluenz Mandarin product ! We immediately purchased the 1 & 2 Mandarin version knowing that we 'd want both . We have been through several lessons , and even though they started with words that we already knew , we have learned so much ! We have learned the correct spelling and tone marks for the conversations in Pin Yin . I 'm more confident than ever that my children will someday return to China and be able to converse and learn even more Chinese!I am confident that these Fluenz products will give us a very strong foundation for the learning of French and Chinese ! I have started recommending it to all of my friends who want to learn a language or who homeschool . My husband has recommended the courses as the learning tool of choice to his company -LRB- a major mining company ! -RRB- I would not hesitate to say that you will not regret purchasing this product !!
 I 'm halfway done with the Mandarin DVD and it is just great . I was debating about Rosseta Stone or Fluenz and so glad I went with Fluenz . If you want an analytical interactive adult approach to learning Mandarin this is the DVD to get . I tried Rosseta Stone from a guy at work and it was ok , but not my style . This seems to teach in a logical way that you can extrapolate on instead of just learning phrases.Also the Audio CD and Podcasts are great learning tools . I thought they would just be filler stuff , but the Podcasts have helped me with tones more than anything.I also chatted online with Customer Service -LRB- to find where to download the Podcasts -RRB- and he was very helpful and friendly.I 'm in Taiwan now and halfway done with the DVD . I start taking classes at Taiwan Cultural University learning Mandarin for 11 weeks 14 hours each week . This DVD has really helped me out and has me primed and ready to go .
 This is an excellent learning system incorporating a good mix of visuals , conservations , and interactive exercises . Fluenz effectively uses audio/video clips at the beginning and end of each module . In some sense , it reminded me of Sesame Street 's use of actors and superimposed words to highlight key concepts such as grammar , word order , tones , etc. . This program also includes a variety of exercises to reinforce concepts , including word matching , phrase matching , picture-to-word maching , user-recorded phrases to match the instructor . It is important to note that the much hyped Rosetta Stone only has vocabulary and does not cover grammar and tones , so to get the full education , you need to purchase Fluenz instead . I am half way through the course and it is comparable to a level 1 and 2 Chinese language classroom-taught course . This is an excellent self-pace course .
 I work in media and technology , and speak several languages . I know what it is like to code and to create media content , and how difficult it is to learn a language . I look at Fluenz Mandarin from that point of view . The video tutorials are very good . Sonia has everything a great teacher needs
 Fluenz is one of the most impressive learning , training or general education software applications in the market . Their interface is attractive and intuitive , their use of video to guide and help you as you learn is right on the money , and using English to learn Mandarin is both obvious and unique in the world of language software . The workouts are fun , well-designed and useful . What 's impressive is not that they have invented some technology that was n't available , but that they identified the best that was out there , created a smart learning system , and made it happen . I recommend it to anyone who 's interested in learning Mandarin Chinese.Moises Szarf , Miami Florida
 I was looking to learn Chinese and found Rosetta Stone to be very childish and unhelpful . I am really glad I heard about Fluenz . The lessons are very useful and it teaches you to say things you would use in real life situations . The Fluenz program teaches in Pinyin , so I am learning Hanzi though books . Doing the lessons in Fluenz actually helps me remember the Chinese characters better , as I can see the words being put to use.Pros : - Actually learning Mandarin at a decent pace-Fun to use , practical language useage-Easy to navigate-Can pause or skip sections-Podcasts available-Uses Pinyin system-Good customer serviceCons : - Price is a bit high-There are some glitches in the program -LRB- a few wrong answers , one section would n't let me go ahead after I answered correctly . -RRB- Fluenz says they will be releasing a patch for these bugs.-Like some other reviewers have said , there are many ways to say the same thing in Mandarin , and the program is fussy about this.-No Hanzi -LRB- characters -RRB- - The use of Securom in the softwareI would suggest this program and the book Chinese 24/7 if you plan on going to mainland China in the future , or if you would like to learn the language better so you can communicate with your Chinese husband 's or wife 's family better .
 Not only are the products top notch both in design and execution , but the customer service is some of the best I 've ever experienced ... If you need to deal with the company about anything it is clear that they have a true concern and passion for what they do . We have both the Mandarin and the Spanish programs ... The production is big screen quality and the course work itself is outstanding . I 'm in my mid-fifties ... old neurons for learning a new language , especially one like Mandarin . But they make it lots of fun and doable . Highly recommended ... and no , I have no connection with Fluenz , other than as a customer .
 I have been attempting to learn Mandarin for several years and have tried several different books and CDs . I found Fluenz to be far and away the best program . I found that many of the programs just expected you to learn by listening and repeating without any real understanding of how the sounds relate to actual words which you can then reuse to make sentences of your own . This made it very difficult to retain anything . With Fluenz they explain each word so that you can understand it the next time you hear or see it in a different context . I also found that learning the tones was much easier with their method and made it so that I could recall the correct pronunciation which makes it easier for you to be understood . Finally , they build slowly with each lesson so that you tend to retain what you learn . I highly recommend the Fluenz program to anybody trying to learn Mandarin . I found that learning Mandarin is very different from learning other languages , e.g. , Spanish , French , German , etc. and the traditional approaches used by some of the other language courses are not effective for Mandarin.I am anxiously awaiting for Fluenz to release a level 3 version of their course .
 good software , great simple language tuition , I am generally very satisfied , the practice sessions are goodwhat is bad : the DVD is good but be aware that it has to be in your drive to work so if , like me , you travel without one you are stuffedthe podcasts are great but should have been included in the audio CDother than that , highly recomended
 Wow . When I first read the reviews I was all
 I travel to China often and tried many ways to learn even a little Chinese . Finally I bought Fluenz and practicing about 45 minutes every day within a few months I was amazed how much I learned . The program works , since I never thought I could learn a foreign language . It 's easy to use and enjoyable ... not a chore . Chinese is difficult and I still have alot of trouble understanding people but it 's a blast speaking to them ...
 I loved this product . I bought both Rosetta and this and I prefer Fluenz.It was just easier for me to learn the language . Do n't know if it was just easier for me as an adult . It was also cheaper ... yet I did n't feel like I got cheated.There are only two disks and if you want more after the basics , I do n't think there is much out there ... I would like to see a Disk 3 and maybe even 4 ... but for now I am happy with my 40 lessons ... I am hopeful that I sound like a native would sound ... or at least will be understood .
 this is amazing product its so much better then rosh ** a stone :D This program really works if you take your time do n't rush , do a lesson , maybe two a week.Shipping came fast as well so thats a good bonus.Good luck !
 I 'm using FLUENZ Mandarin 1 +2 daily now and I 'm totally satisfied.It 's a wonderful software for language-learning and in my opinion , the approach to this sometimes very frustrating procedure is excellent , full of new ideas and very helpful . The FLUENZ team did a very good job .
 So I just finished all of the lessons in the software . That alone should give this product a couple of stars ... I have previously tried many different ways to learn Chinese -LRB- books , CDs etc -RRB- , but each time , I have given up within 3 weeks.This product really kept me motivated , because it helped me retain the material ! As other reviewers have mentioned , there are a ton of exercises to drill the new vocabulary in , which is so helpful . As background , I am a person who has a really tough time retaining languages ... I took 5yrs of French back in High School , but the material just went in one ear and out the other . So the fact that I retained so much due to this product speaks volumes about its effectiveness.I attempted each lesson twice ... one time , I 'd take the full lesson , trying all of the exercises , and typing out all of the answers . The 2nd time , I 'd skip some of the questions which I knew well . Now that I am done , I plan on trying all the lessons one more time , just to become a little quicker at translating the spoken Chinese -LRB- there are 2 really nice lessons at the end which have long sections of dialogue ... its a good way to test how much you have progressed -RRB- . So what have I learned ? My wife , who is Chinese born and speaks fluent Mandarin can understand most of the phrases that I say now , which is nice . I have n't learned enough to carry out a 1min + conversation with her yet , but that 's to be expected , since this product is an introduction to Mandarin . I can basically just ask her a few random questions . I 'll need to move on to a different product now to further my education . If you just want to be able to survive in China on a short vacation , you should be okay -LRB- eg you do learn how to order at a restaurant , give instructions to a cab driver , etc -RRB- . PROS -LRB- keeping this short , because many other pros mentioned in other reviews -RRB- - As I stated above , this product really works . I am pleasantly surprised with my progress ... not to mention the fact that it kept me motivated to stick with it all the way to the end.-There are several exercises that concentrate on pronunciation . The exercises where you tape yourself speaking are especially useful.-The podcasts are great ! Hopefully they are making more of them . It was a great idea to combine the guy who was just learning Mandarin , with the expert . His mistakes combined with her tips were so helpful -LRB- IMO this section is more helpful that the tips given by the main instructor in the software piece -RRB- . - There are 2 exercises which are devoted to tones . These are probably two of the most useful . As you may know , Mandarin is heavily dependent on tones . These exercises say several different words , and you need to figure out which tone is being used . I found this extremely difficult in some cases -LRB- maybe its just me ? -RRB- . - As you progress further into the product , you are tested on words that you learned a couple of sessions back . It 's a good way to keep everything fresh.-The customer service is great . They answered my emails within the hour.CONS-Here 's why I did n't give this product 5 stars
 Fluenz uses a multi learning style strategy to help you learn and use a new language . I am 55 and will be going to China in 2010 . We have friends who we will be visiting and until now have depended on translators to interpret for us.I commute and hour to work and use the audio component to review what I have learned while I drive . It is efficient and fun ! Just being able to express my families wants and needs will reduce the stress we have previously felt when visiting China . I ca n't wait to demonstrate what I am already able to say at our CNY get together.I do n't consider myself a `` language person '' or should I say I did n't until now!Jeanne from NY
 I used Rosetta and finished the entire first disk without even knowing how to form sentences in the first person . I needed an online translator to even get by . This software explains everything in detail and you walk away feeling confident in your Mandarin . Buy it !
 Zh&egrave; ge h ` en h ` ao -LRB- Hen Hao requires accents , but this review page wo n't accept the -LSB- u -RSB- accent above the e and the a. -RRB- Anyway , this is by far the BEST INVESTMENT I HAVE MADE YET ! I ca n't believe how quickly I 'm learning . My friends , to be specific , Mandarin-speaking friends are impressed with my accent . Fluenz is no joke . I give them two thumbs way up ! For all of those who complain about the product , I do n't think you 're putting much effort or believe in the program enough . I have dedicated myself every day , and I hope to make this language a part of me . I know this program is a first step , but what better place than to start than with Fluenz Mandarin . I want to give a big xi&egrave; xie to Fluenz.If you are serious about learning Mandarin , this is the program to go with . I actually like the fact that it wo n't save your work in case you have to do something . That means that I will have to stick with it until the end . It teaches me the discipline of focus , and to avoid distractions.Believe me ; it works ! Not only is the instructor amazing , but she makes me want to learn it , and to not give up . Z&agrave;iji&agrave;n , my friends !
 I think there are 2 kinds of people who learn languages . Those who get it easily , and those who do n't . I fall into the latter group . I absolutely hated Spanish in high school because it was an immersion type of course . If I heard that teacher say , `` En espanol !! '' once I must have heard it a million times.What I love about Fluenz is that it uses your knowledge of English to help you learn Mandarin . As a child , we learned languages seamlessly . As an adult , it takes more work and I believe it HAS to reference your existing knowledge . Fluenz does this . You will never look at the screen and think , `` What on earth are they saying ??? `` If you have ever sat in a foreign language class and thought , `` Maybe if you 'd explain that in English I 'd understand it , you jerk , '' then this is for you . No frustration , no swearing , no burning desire to run screaming from the room.The DVD portion moves at a slow , measured pace -LRB- without being boring -RRB- and the audio CD is very quick -LRB- when you get past the first workout session -RRB- . The combination of learning it slowly & practicing at a faster pace is perfect.Seriously , I 'm a total math-brain & I normally HATE learning languages -LRB- unless it 's a new programming language , LOL -RRB- . But I travel to China often & this software has been invaluable for giving me the basics .
 As with so many products that blow their competitors out of the water , Fluenz is relatively unknown at the moment and this is a shame . Their Mandarin 1-2 program represents an innovative , effective , and surprisingly obvious approach to learning a language that to most Western speakers seems impossible to learn . What sets Fluenz apart from the field is their linguistic approach
 I bought this programmed learning experience because of an upcoming post-cruise tour of China . We were in China for 12 days , after being at sea for 2 weeks , and even though I had only gone through 22 of the 45 lessons before leaving the U.S. , what I had learned was very helpful and serviceable . I also had tried to use the Rosetta Stone program at my university , but it was so cumbersome as to be ineffective . As a teacher , I think that the Fluenz program does a very good job of preparing the traveler for travel conversations and basic communication , which , believe me , was very much appreciated by the Chinese people we encountered in the 3 cities we visited . I recommend this program to anyone who wants to jump start their learning of useful Chinese sentences . I have Windows Vista Ultimate and the program worked fine with my 3 gigs of ram .
 I bought Fluenz Mandarin because I already had Fluenz French and Italian and was so pleased with the quality of the software . I have never been able to learn languages in the past . I tried Rosetta Stone , classroom instruction , Berlitz , and other methods and none of them worked . All the other systems I tried were uninspiring , boring , and not effective for remembering what I learned . But Fluenz is completely different . Instead of other one-dimensional systems where you repeat the same boring activity the Fluenz approach is multi-dimensional . There are several different activities , and you do n't spend enough time on any one in particular to become bored . Not only am I learning , I am having FUN doing it . And because I am speaking , reading , and writing -LRB- by typing on the keyboard -RRB- , and with enthusiasm , I remember the material . I have a very short attention span , and sticking with this program is no problem at all for me . The lessons include beautiful photos specific to China that are inspiring as you learn , instead of the generic pictures other programs use that differ little if at all from one language to another . The program also teaches practical material . In the first few lessons you already know how to tell a waiter what you want in a restaurant . And you learn how to make a sentence , instead of random words like some other programs . You are taught Pinyin with this program , so if you want to learn the Chinese characters you will need to supplement with a good workbook , dictionary , and maybe flash cards - Tuttle makes good materials . It is fine with me that the program teaches Pinyin - one of the reasons Pinyin was created was to make it easier for Chinese children to learn to write . Characters can come later . And being able to communicate speaking with native speakers is my priority.What sold me on Fluenz ' products were the sample sessions and demos on the Fluenz website . You can try a lesson for free , without having to register or give them any email address or information . It 's amazing how much you can learn in just one lesson with the program . So do n't just take my word for it , try the sample session . And remember , not every activity is on the session ; you get even more with the full product . I have always wanted to learn languages and never been able to , until now . Thanks to Fluenz , it 's even a new hobby of mine , and I eagerly await the more advanced lessons in their current languages and future languages .
 So which to buy - Rosetta Stone -LRB- 1-3 -RRB- or Fluenz -LRB- 1-2 -RRB- ? I have gone through them both in the past year and a half and have to say I prefer Fluenz by far . If you are serious about learning Mandarin buy both . Fluenz does n't yet have the breadth of RS but it gives a great foundation and leveraged learning is the way to go . I 'd also recommend Claudia Ross 's `` Mondern Mandarin Chinese Grammar '' which really digs into sentence structure . As a speaker of an additional foreign language the only way to really be fluent is to speak it - either hire a tutor or go to China . You can practice with a computer/book/i-pod all you want but true immersion is the best . The point of Fluenz is to give a strong foundation . Back to Fluenz-The workouts are great and I hope they incorporate the super-challenging conversation podcasts into the actual DVD sessions in later versions . While Fluenz overleverages on the written pinyin and could use more listening/speaking conversations it is a great starting point for Mandarin . I would n't mind shelling out more money for a longer version -LRB- hint hint to the Fluenz team -RRB- .
 At first I thought the software was a little overpriced , but I comperad it with other softwares and programs and decided to go for Fluenz . I have to say , the service is great , if you have any problem they solve it as fast as they can . The lessons are really simple and easy to learn . The software is made so you can feel relaxed while you are learning and it teaches you the most important stuff of the everyday life.I could not have chosen a better way to learn Mandarin . You learn fast and you learn good .
 With the rise of China as an economic player , I wanted to learn Mandarin for business purposes . I thought of trying Rosetta Stone until I came across this product . What made me choose Fluenz over Rosetta Stone was the principle behind Fluenz
 After trying several other software and CDs I found the Fluenz Mandarin the best one for me . I am an adult learner -LRB- 50 years old -RRB- and learning new languages is not easy . It 's easily the most expensive of all that I have bought but worth it for me . The lessons are clear and easy to follow.The program requires work and dedication to progress . There is almost a constant testing and reinforcement of what is learned on the way . That seems to be the part that helps me the most . The graphics are clear and the sound quality is excellent.At my current rate of progress -LRB- I am on lesson 5 of 45 -RRB- I should be done in 40 hours . I takes me about 1 hour per lesson . Hint
 Easily the most time efficient method of learning that I have used so far . Beware that there is a huge amount of typing involved . Doing the typing is the best way I 've seen so far for memorizing the vowel tones though , so it 's worth it . Great product .
 I bought Fluenz Version F2
 The Fluenz Mandarin podcasts , a newly-released upgrade to the instructional DVD , are an excellent complement to an already superb piece of software . These are practical exercises that reinforce the materials on the interactive instructional DVD and audio CD workout disc that comprise the original package . The instructors , one an experienced native Mandarin speaker , and the other , a novice student , are enthusiastic , clear and effective in their instruction , and make the learning experience lots of fun . The purchaser of this entire package has an outstanding approach to learning a very difficult subject .
 When I decided to buy software to learn Mandarin , I thought Rosetta Stone was the only option . Luckily , I came across Fluenz before it was too late . At first , I was intrigued by Rosetta Stone 's no-English rule and spent some time with their demo . But after comparing the Rosetta and Fluenz , I started to think the Fluenz method might be better . Sonia Gil , an English-speaking tutor , gives you tools to build phrases , and then sentences . The Fluenz linguists believe , and I tend to agree , that adults learn differently than children . By explaining key things in English , rather than having a bunch of Chinese thrown at them , adults can learn how to say many things very quickly . If you visit the Fluenz site you can see how powerful this is when it comes to learning phrases like `` I need a taxi '' , or `` I want a cup of coffee '' in the first lessons . It would take weeks or even months for anyone to learn those phrases in Chinese the Rosetta way , by merely pairing images with their corresponding words . It seems difficult to learn a language without a teacher or tutor , and it is impossible to learn Chinese tones without a proper explanation.The Fluenz learning experience is further enhanced by its beautiful design . By comparison , the Rosetta V2 application , though nicely packaged , does n't seem that up to date -LRB- once you pass the demo video , you can actually see what the real interface looks like -RRB- . But the strongest point for Fluenz is the human element . Sonia takes the learner step by step , building skills that are practiced in a series of very creative workouts covering writing , reading , comprehension and expression . Overall , my experience with Fluenz has been great . I fully recommend the software for anyone interested in Mandarin .
 I ordered Fluenz Mandarin 1 +2 for my upcoming tour of China -LRB- second tour in 6 months -RRB- . I want to be able to communicate -LRB- even if only slightly -RRB- with the Chinese people.Sonia -LRB- Gil -RRB- makes understanding and speaking Chinese very easy . ALL new words are explained and pronounced thoroughly and sentence structures are likewise explained . Other language courses may leave you guessing what was really said when converting to English . Not so with Fluenz ! That was the selling point for me.I did have a small problem with tone marked letters jumping out of sequence when doing my lessons and ending up with misspelled words . I got an email response from Fluenz -LRB- after they read my review on another site -RRB- instructing me how to correct this . It has sped up my lessons significantly and was a pleasant surprise to be contacted by the company without even asking for help!I do n't think you can go wrong by ordering this course . It 's on the expensive side , but well worth the price !
 Fluenz Mandarin is a comprehensive program for anyone wanting to learn Mandarin Chinese from scratch . It is meant for learners over the age of 13 , and it would be quite useful both for those trying to establish a strong foundation before proceeding to more advanced or specialized work , as well as for those who need survival skills for business , travel or casual conversation.The software follows a Mac aesthetic
 This product makes it very easy to learn Chinese . I have tried Pimsleur , but I found it very difficult because it was audio only . Also Pimsleur was a bit boring at times . I also am using Teach Yourself Beginner 's Chinese but it is not as good as this . I thought the product was quite overpriced , especially since there is this ridiculous Amazon Policy of not selling Fluenz to Australian addresses , and therefore I could n't get the discount , but I now think it was worth the money -LRB- Amazon should sell to O/S though -RRB- . The audio CD that comes with it refers to additional podcasts available as downloads from www.fluenz.com , but when I visit the website , I ca n't seem to locate them . However , putting in www.fluenz.com/podcasts will find them , there are 15 about 10 mins each.They r gr8.There is one negative and that is the safedisc 4.85.000 copy protection . This means that you ca n't back up the disk in case of damage . I understand that they want to protect their work , but I should be entitled to make one backup copy . I want to do my fluenz at home and at work too , I am not willing to take a $ 300 disk and carry it around on a daily basis risking loss or damage . This would have been quite anxiety-making if it had not been for the good people on the internet who have discovered a way to circumvent safedisc 4.85 , so now I can use it at home and work too without worrying , but the time taken to learn how to do this would have been better spent learning Chinese.I like the slow pace of the lessons , but I think at the end you will only know a couple of hundred words at the most . Also , my chinese friend seems to think it has some examples of incorrect usage , he objected to using the measure word ge with shu eg zhe ge shu , he said NO , that should be zhe ben shu.I would like to see the following improvements :1 . A plan for registered users to get a replacement dvd for a very small charge if theirs gets damaged2 . A Mandarin 3-4 , this course is great , but I 'm sure I am going to want more , I am completing it very quickly at the moment . I dont think enough vocabulary is taught .3 . A version that works on any WM5 pocket PC with a virtual keyboard , not just smartphones with physical keyboards4 . An upgrade policy so that if you purchased the windows version and then got a mobile device , you could upgrade to purchase the mobile version , provided you had already purchased the Windows version5 . Only correct usage , eg . not using the ge measure word if it is incorrect .
 I read consumer product reviews religiously , but this is my first time writing my own , prompted by the outstanding customer service at Fluenz . My horribly managed aparment complex told me they sent away an envelope during one of my 2 week trips to China , and I feared that I would never know what was in the mysterious package . Fluenz personally contacted me to find out why my free software upgrade had been returned to them . I explained my situation and they immediately sent it to my work address -LRB- still free of charge -RRB- . I am not sure if I was more impressed that they incorporated consumer feedback to improve their already great product , or that they spent their own time and money to ensure that their consumers were getting the most out of it.As for the software , I am an Engineer and have struggled with learning foreign languages my whole life -LRB- French and Spanish -RRB- using traditional memorization or immersion techniques . My retention was so poor that I ended up on a train to Austria instead of Paris , and found myself wandering the streets of Clermont Ferrand to find my new university , armed only with a small cartoon map and the finger pointing of a well intentioned French man -LRB- I could n't even communicate well enough to get a taxi -RRB- . The Fluenz system has been the most effective for me yet , although I have only tried Mandarin . I combined this with a continuing education course for business travelers , and my teacher was amazed that I could easily translate words that I learned on my own with Fluenz . I find Sonia a bit difficult to listen to at each lesson , and I tend to skip past her explanation , but as I received more thorough instruction from my native teacher , it was n't necessary . Pronunciation is the most difficult part for me , and being able to record your voice and compare it to the native speaker is invaluable.I also use the Pimsleur CDs during my morning commute which helps provide me with more converstaional tools , a slightly different vocabulary and good pronunciation practice . If you are serious about learning the language , I recommend a combination of Fluenz , character book/flashcards , classroom instruction and Pimsleur , but if you have to pick one , Fluenz will give you the most bang for your buck , as the retention rate and breadth ca n't be beat . When speaking to a coworker who lived in China for 4 years , I found that my understanding of the language was better!FOR FLUENZ -LRB- since I know you read these -RRB-
 As a high school science teacher , I am well aware of the benefits of a multi-modal learning experience . Fluenz immerses the learner in the Mandarin experience through listening , speaking , reading and writing . The program features entire real-world conversations , careful explanations of the content leveraging your knowledge of English grammar , pronunciations by a native Mandarin speaker -LRB- that can be repeated as many times as you want ! -RRB- , and practice , practice , practice as you write and speak what you read and hear . I am amazed during every session that the simple addition of a new word or skill can increase so drastically my ability to construct useful new sentences!Work through the Rosetta Stone demo , and then the Fluenz demo , and it will be clear which approach will have you speaking Mandarin in real situations immediately following lesson 1 . This program is well worth the price . Fluenz leaves me wanting more and has not led to boredom or frustration . I ca n't wait to try my skills in Beijing !!
 Fluenz beats all of the competition hands down . That includes Rosetta Stone and the many Chinese and American made products I have tried ! I travel to china for short periods of time and to many different cities . This makes learning Mandarin very difficult as dialects and accents change in each city . I have used Rosetta Stone . I am a professor of education and find the Rosetta Stone method correct for first language learners -LRB- children -RRB- . However , Fluenz teaches Mandarin in a way that works for us second language learners who already know English and need adult language and vocabulary for commonly encountered situations while on business or while sightseeing in China . The audio CD I use in my car is especially better than other products . The Fluenz technique with Sonia approaches learning Mandarin through the eyes and ears of a native English speaker . Sonia has effectively used her second language learning experience to help others make rapid and sustainable progress .
 After completing the Mandarin audio lessons -LRB- I , II and III -RRB- from Pimsleur , I was looking for a program to further improve my speaking skill in Chinese . I have tried the Rosetta Stone 's Chinese Mandarin Level 1 & 2 , but found it difficult and time consuming to start speaking the language . Searching the Internet , I came across with Fluenz Mandarin learning software . I found the program to be the most easiest to learn , to retain and to correctly speak the language . The effectiveness of the program , to me , was through the highly structured workout sessions , especially writing the words in Pinyin . Hearing the sounds and seeing them in the written form made a world of difference for me in relating new words and phrases to the ones that I already knew . Sounding of the words that I learned from the Pimsleur program became more relevant after completing the Fluenz program.Learning the Fluenz way first , should have shorten the time for me to learn the Chinese Mandarin and to speak the language confidently.For anyone who is interested in learning the Chinese Mandarin , Fluenz Mandarin learning software is highly recommended .
 My only experience learning languages is two years of German in high school followed by a year and a half in college . I really thought that learning a new language would take years and years - especially because I thought my mind was sharper when I was younger . It took me so long to learn German then , and I never reached a level of fluency with which I was happy.I had to go to Beijing and be on my own for 4 days , so I figured I had to get at least a little Mandarin under my belt . I had tried software for learning languages in the past and it had always been a big disappointment . The immersion methods in other software programs left me frustrated and unable to deal with a real-life scenario , so I was hoping that the Fluenz method would be more to my style.I read the reviews of Fluenz and checked out a sample lesson on their website . Much to my surprise , the Fluenz sample lesson seemed to stick with me for a week , so I ordered the Mandarin box . I did a lesson about 2-3 times a week for a month before the trip . I still thought I was under-prepared , but I was able to get around with the little I knew . It 's pretty cool to be able to talk to a waiter in Mandarin - they get a look of shock to see a westerner speaking authentically . I usually start off each lesson thinking that these new words are not going to stay with me , but by the next lesson , I do n't even think consciously about the stuff I learned two lessons ago , I just do it . Even if I miss a week of practice , it all comes right back . I think the structure of the exercises does a great job of cementing it . They have nicely structured it so that you make very rudimentary sentences at first and then slowly build up your grammar and vocabulary so that you do n't feel overwhelmed.One note , definitely look in the instructions for how to type the tones with your keyboard . I tried to use the mouse entry for tones for the first several lessons and it drove me nuts . Once I got used ot the keyboard , the lessons went much faster and fluidly.And one other wish list , I wish there was a companion book that I could buy to go with the DVD . Sometimes I want a quick reference for the things I learned in previous chapters.Learning Mandarin has been such a breeze , that it now makes me think I should pick up Spanish .
 My husband and I each purchased Fluenz Mandarin to prepare us for a move to Shanghai . We can not say enough good things about the product . It was easy to use , interesting , and gave us a great language foundation.The format was perfect for us and particularly for my husband who had limited time to work on his language skill . The few times we contacted Fluenz with questions , we had immediate response by phone or email . We are now waiting for Intermediate Mandarin !
 This is a very good product . The designers of the program have created a product that is designed to teach adults a new language in a way that works extremely well . Instead of structuring the lessons as if the user is a child learning a first language they have created a product for adults learning another language . That is amazingly effective !
 I will be visiting Beijing in a few weeks with my cousin who , like myself , is not a native speaker of mandarin - however she studied mandarin in college and has spent time in Beijing . I hope to be able to communicate somewhat on my own , without relying entirely on her or on the point and smile / pantomime method of communication.So far , fluenz has worked better than I expected from a teach-yourself program . While my pronunciation is probably still really bad -LRB- I guess we 'll find out -RRB- , the approach taken in building phrases is fairly intuitive , and I feel like in the limited time I have to study I 'm actually retaining something . I 'd highly recommend fluenz if you want to gain some practical language skills in a limited time .
 I first tried the immersion route and found that it was not working for me . When using an immersion technique , it is really quite easy to jump to the wrong conclusion on what a word means and how to use it . I truly became fearful that I might have to unlearn some bad habits after trying the immersion route for too long.I tried Fluenz and have been very impressed . The instructional approach and the tutorials have helped me understand and retain what I have learned . Additionally , I know it 's right because the tutor is guiding my efforts in the right direction.I highly recommend .
 Fluenz Mandarin 1 +2 is the best language course I 've ever used . It really helps to have a real person talking you through the lessons and explaining the material in detail - especially since some aspects of Mandarin are counter-intuitive for native English speakers . The audio CD is also helpful but make sure you register and download the podcasts from -LSB- ... -RSB- - they contain some more challenging dialogues than the ones on the CD and DVD and this really helps with your listening and comprehension skills.As well as being a great program , it runs flawlessly and is backed up by outstanding customer service.This is a great product from a great company .
 Preparing for a trip to China , I have found this program to be very helpful . The DVD ROM is well-organized , has enough repetition to be useful , but not so much as to be monotonous . The teacher , Sonya , is enjoyable , and the approach to teaching Mandarin by using practical scenarios keeps the interest up . On the other hand , I found the CD to be quite redundant , -LRB- the words for I , you and he/she/it were reviewed ad nauseum -RRB- and it could have included a lot more grammar . I was disappointed the supplementary podcasts were not available , but I understand they soon will be . So , for anyone looking to learn conversational Mandarin , I would wholeheartedly recommend this program .
 Fluenz Mandarin 1 +2 Windows 1.1 , Next-Generation Chinese Language Learning SoftwareThis format is varied and quite easy to use . You learn to speak and write Mandarin using the romanized alphabet . A pretty quick way of learning the language . It will be invaluable on my trip to China soon .
 I have suddenly been immersed with projects in China and needed to get up tp speed in Mandarin rather quickly . I am comfortable in French and Spanish but this is my first Eastern Language.The program is indeed impressive . It is very well structured and progresses at the perfect pace . I 've been doing it side by side with the FSLI tapes and found Fluenz far superior in presenting the grammar and giving you a sense of the flow of the language . The exercises provide instant feedback.Sonia is an excellent teacher and her enthusiasm for the language is infectious . She clearly explains and reinforces the concepts presented in the the dialogues . Sonia is the perfect coach.I was so impressed that I bought Spanish 1 and 2 for my wife and will certainly hope to purchase any intermediate and advanced courses that they develop .
 As a technology teacher in the Bushwick neighborhood of Brooklyn , NY , I 'm always looking for ways to expose my students to new and exciting software . Fluenz Mandarin has been the perfect teaching tool.I 'm able to keep 28 students focused , engaged , and learning despite only having one copy of this software - I use my laptop and project it to the overhead screen . Fluenz Mandarin has been a great way to keep the kids learning when we have a few extra minutes left at the end of the period.I have one particular student who has had many struggles ; she 's been in and out of prison all year and has flunked all her classes for the last two years -- a shame because she is extremely intelligent and creative . When I introduced Fluenz Mandarin to her , she embraced it completely . The lessons move at a great pace , they challenge but do n't frustrate or overwhelm , and they kept her motivated . No teacher has been able to harness her interest in the way this program does . While this student does n't have a great attendance record , when she is n't absent she comes to my computer lab everyday after school to practice for 30-45 minutes . Every so often she 'll burst through the door , beaming , and say `` Guess what ? I had a conversation with the delivery guy from the Chinese restaurant on Irving and Putnam . '' This program has done wonders for her self esteem . It might seem silly but my hope is that Fluenz Mandarin will save her from the streets.Obviously I would recommend it to anyone interested in learning Mandarin but even more I would encourage teachers and school administrators to invest in this software . It will make a difference .
 I purchased this product based on the positive reviews by customers.Having purchased many `` learn a language '' programs , I was really hoping this was different . Given the price relative to the competition , it had better be !!! The package from Amazon arrived in this HUGE box . Inside this HUGE box , was a small red box . Inside the small red box was a small red envelope . Inside the small red envelope was two disks and a little cheat sheet . Rest assured , your disks are well protected during shipment!It 's been a month and I am very happy with my investment . I have listened to the CD over 20 times in my car and love it . The DVD is very interactive and I find myself learning faster than just reading a book or using other programs . Fluenz says you should review the interactive DVD before you listen to the CD as the CD supplements the DVD . I could n't wait and listened to the CD for 3 or 4 times before finally using the DVD . No regrets ... I found the CD was a great intro to the DVD.My mother listened to the Fluenz CD in my car for the first time last week and thought very highly of it -LRB- prior to that , she heard the Michael Thomas `` learn to speak Mandarin '' CD in my car -RRB- . Mom thought the Michael Thomas CD was useless and confusing . My mom speaks several chinese languages including Cantonese and Mandarin . She said the Fluenz CD helped her improve her pronounciation of Mandarin . I ca n't tell you how big a compliment that was.It would have been nice to have a book to supplement the DVD and CD as I do not always have access to a computer which is ironic since I have 4 laptop and 2 desktop computers.Another suggestion would be to give the user the ability to print review material from the DVD.Fluenz Mandarin has room to improve , but it 's way ahead of the competition . Good job !! I look forward to purchasing Fluenz Spanish as my clients speak Mandarin and Spanish .
 I highly recommend the Fluenz program . It 's structured more to an adult than other programs out there , between the intro video and the types of words that it has you learn -LRB- ie , `` Where is a taxi '' vs `` The ball is red '' -RRB- . I tried the free download from Rosetta Stone , and it mostly involves games and `` immersion '' to help you learn . Completing the 30 + lessons on the DVD is the equivalent of a semester at college -LRB- this is pretty similar to the other programs I researched -RRB- . Fluenz takes an approach that 's more like a college classroom . You watch a video for about 5 minutes , then do some activities . The video is very helpful , because the instructor talks you through what the words mean , the different word forms , and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- , the nuances of pronunciation . The video quality is n't great , but it 's not distracting . The introduction video is the biggest difference between Fluenz and Rosetta Stone . If you have a microphone on your computer then you can record your pronunciation of the words you 're learning and the program will play it back for you.One of the things I like about Fluenz is that you do n't have to install it - it just launches off of the DVD . That means that I can take it to work and use it there in my spare time without administrator privileges.The white disc you see in the picture is a CD with a bunch of audio . This is very handy - I have my iPod in the car , and I just made a `` Fluenz '' playlist so that I can listen to it on my commute.If you 're trying to decide between Rosetta Stone and Fluenz , I recommend you download the demo from Rosetta Stone . Fluenz has a very similar layout once you get through the introduction video . I think that the Rosetta Stone approach would be better for a language like Spanish or French that has similarities to English . For Mandarin , the introduction video is extremely helpful.Overall I was pleased with the program , and I highly recommend it .
 It 's hard to write bulleted lists of pros and cons , because this program does one thing extremely well , and anything it does n't do has clearly been intentionally omitted . The one thing it does is prepare you for effective oral communication when traveling in China.I am a huge Pimsleur fan and somewhat less of a Rosetta Stone fan , although I have used both quite a bit , for several languages -LRB- including Chinese -RRB- . If you are going to travel in China and just want to spend money on one product , you should get Fluenz Mandarin for the following reasons : * It is self-contained -LRB- i.e. you do n't need any other materials to use it -RRB- . Although Pimsleur is allegedly self-contained , I have never gone through any Pimsleur course without looking up details in other books about the vocabulary and grammar covered . Maybe I did n't need to do that , but I am able to absorb new language knowledge better when I have more information about it . Fluenz provides all the information and explanation needed to completely understand the lessons . As far as Rosetta Stone goes , anyone who has used it for a non-Romance language knows it 's pretty hard to use it completely on its own . * It covers the most useful knowledge first . I used to think Pimsleur did this -- and compared to Rosetta Stone , it definitely does -- but Fluenz is * awesome * for this . Pimsleur has a little too much conversational stuff that you do n't really * need * -LRB- how many kids do you have ? , etc. -RRB- , whereas Fluenz is 100 % practical for travelers -LRB- highlight
 Bought Fluenz Mandarin v1 -LRB- along with Spanish and Italian programs -RRB- in Summer 2008 from Amazon for myself and family . I am an intermediate Mandarian speaker/student . I was impressed by the teaching methodology and production quality of the language program . Have used other language learning programs -LRB- including Rosetta Stone , which I enjoyed and do not disparage -RRB- but for myself and the way I learn a foreign language I prefer the Fluenz methodology.I was further impressed by Fluenz when I was contacted by the company in October 2009 and sent an unsolicited , full upgrade for v2 of Mandarin , Spanish and Italian free of charge . You do n't see that kind of customer service and value added very often . I thought that was an extremely classy act on the part of the Fluenz company .
 I received an upgrade from the previous version -LRB- version 2 -RRB- . The program is the best on the market and teaches you about 250 words only of chinese , but does it better than any other product I know . It teaches no written script , but if you want a good addition to this software , I recommend WENLIN , which is an chinese dictionary , it will help teach you the written script , also I recommend the book TUTTLE Learning Chinese Characters.All the problems reviewers complained about before have been solved , except for the copy protection issues.The previous version 2 was protected with safedisc 4.85.000 . Which meant that you had to have a DVD drive and the disc had to be in the drive each time you run it . Well , I travel with a netbook no DVD drive , so I was stuffed . Also , I did not want to carry the original DVD around . I want to do my fluenz at home and at work too , I am not willing to take a $ 300 disk and carry it around on a daily basis risking loss or damage . So I was forced to circumvent the safedisc -LRB- sigh . . feeling like a criminal -RRB- I had high hopes for version f2 , only to discover the malware SecuRom v7 .01 . This installs undeletable keys into your registry , hidden files into your My Documents directory , and even if you uninstall the Fluenz , SecuRom does not clean up the registry or files , so you have a permanent reminder . Many people say that SecuROM is a malware rootkit that leaves your PC vulnerable to attack . -LRB- I am not sure if this is true . -RRB- And the problem was not solved for the netbook users , who dont want to carry a dvd drive on their travels.So , forced to spend time on the internet to discover how to circumvent SecuRom and remove safedisc from my computers , I again managed to get it to run disc free on my netbook -LRB- sigh , feeling like a criminal ... -RRB- . This is the only complaint I have with the product . I would recommend it to anyone who does not have a netbook.Apparently they are having problems with counterfeit copies , does n't this show that SafeDisc and SecuRom do n't stop the real pirates , only annoys legitimate -LRB- netbook -RRB- users.Having said that , I would buy any Mandarin 3 +4 that comes out in the future . this course is great , but I want more , I do n't think enough vocabulary is taught.I would also like to see a version that works on any WM5 pocket PC with a virtual keyboard , not just smartphones with physical keyboards , and an upgrade path for those who already have the non-mobile version .
 We 've have been using Fluenz Mandarin for Windows for about two months , and have found it to be an excellent course in learning conversational Chinese . My two sons are the primary users -LRB- age 8 & 10 -RRB- , and both were very excited to show off their new skills to their Chinese grandma . Because the focus is on useful conversation , they were able to greet her and engage in a basic dialogue with her , which she enjoyed very much.Having attended Chinese classes myself , I found this product much more in line with what you would learn in a conversational class vs. a dictionary-like approach . It is exciting and motivating to be able to use your skills at the outset rather than simply being able to recite a vocabulary of words out of context . Though some of the conversational skills are targeted at adults -LRB- e.g. asking for coffee -RRB- , my children were easily able to adapt their knowledge and substitute in the words they needed . The combination of reciting , writing in pinyin , and hearing yourself is an excellent way to teach and reinforce the language so that anyone can progress comfortably and quickly . My 8 year old does struggle a little with the combination of spelling and tone , but I noticed that he speaks very correctly thanks to the use of the pinyin and tonal markings . Without the written component , I think it would be easy for him to forget the importance of tone . The explanations are concise yet thorough - so that each lesson moves quickly and keeps their interest . Their favorite part is practicing their skills at the end of each lesson.Due to a mixup in product shipment , I had to contact Fluenz Customer Support . I found it to be prompt , courteous , helpful -- overall outstanding . Great product and superior customer support make this a product I would n't hesitate to recommend .
 This is a worthy product , especially for those just starting to learn Mandarin . It is very interactive and can help build your vocabulary and speaking/listening skills . It is especially good for visual learners . However , if you are looking to learn characters , this program focuses on Pinyin , which actually works well for English speakers . However , Fluenz could improve this product by including characters . Maybe they 'll do it in a future version . For now , I suggest Tuttle 's Learning Chinese Characters for characters . I 'm using Fluenz in conjunction with the Pimsleur series -LRB- which is great for speaking/listening -RRB- - and I think they compliment each other . Though it 's not cheap , I think it 's worth the money .
 I have only completed 4 of the lessons so far . But I am living in Taiwan and it is nice that this product starts off teaching you things that you can really use . It does have its limitations and I have already noticed that there are differences in expression between the mandarin Chinese used in Taiwan and that of Sonja who went to China . Other than that , this product has already been useful in helping me survive on my own while living here .
 At first I was going to agree with R. Staton 's review that the software bugs were semi annoying although the learning methodology is super effective.Well no need to agree anymore since Fluenz decided to ship an upgraded Mandarin 1 +2 to my door without me even asking for it!This includes : - Improved video rendering-Bug fixes-USB microphone support-Going back to previous workout from within a session-A number of shortcuts-And the ability of writing the tones with numbers i.e. a1 a2 a3 etcI assume that all new purchasers will be getting this improved version . All in all I 'm extremely pleased with Fluenz as a language learning tool and a business .
 I tried Rosetta and Fluenz ; and I firmly believe Fluenz is the way to got when learning Mandarin . The best thing about the software though is the customer support . I recently switched from a pc to a mac and Fluenz simply sent me a new disc at no charge ! Ca n't say I expected that , and they always send updated software free of charge . Fluenz never forgets about its customers , and that 's the way it should be .
 I bought this for my 3 year-old who adores Cinderella in any form . She loves putting the furniture and characters in the rooms and quickly learned to navigate . She does get a little frustrated when she ca n't put the furniture precisely where she wants it . Not a lot of learning value , but has really helped her gain control of the mouse and learn basic computer skills . Otherwise , just fun and entertaining for a very young one . She 'll outgrow this before she turns 5 , I 'm sure
 I purchased this originally for my daughter when she was 7 . WEll , we moved and lost it . She was devastaded !! I ordered another one for her from X-mas and I was surprised that she still wanted to play with it . I know that the skill level is for much younger children , however she enjoys it for the design purpose . Plus , who is too old for Cinderella ?????
 My daughter -LRB- 4 going on 5 -RRB- has had a lot of fun with this . For the price and relative to a lot of other similar products , I 'm happy with the depth and quality . The review suggesting `` negative stars '' is completely off base - this is game software , and is n't intended to impart deep education . The review giving one star simply because it must be run in admin mode is also short-sighted - knocking the whole product simply because of a common OS incompatibility is silly -LRB- I 'd say more than half of our children 's software suffers from this -RRB- .
 This was my first time picking up a guitar and these DVD 's helped me immensely . The simple , calm easy approach of the instructor was great and made it easy for me to pick up the basic skills I needed so I could strum along to the songs on the DVD . I loved these and definitely feel like I got my money 's worth ! Would highly recommend it !
 From all `` teach yourself guitar '' books , it is the best one.It smoothly but fast teaches you playing various guitar stiles using some drilling , however it is not boring . It goes from 3chords songs to rock , then back to chords , that makes the learning process fast and interesting .
 My kids love it ; your 's will too . These fun stories are carefully designed to match your child 's reading level . You can read from varing perspectives which changes the `` main '' character , each page is filled with surprises , and there are no other interactive books that do more to prepare your child for a lifelong love of reading . We liked the built in activities too , that build word recognition , understanding , and there 's even one that lets you exchange letters with the characters !
 After trying out a number of chess training software packages , I have become a great fan of their use . Books provide information , but they are expensive and often limited in their scope . Software has the great advantage of being able to provide students of the game with a very large number of training exercises . This is indispensible for training in pattern recognition -LRB- the key to chess mastery -RRB- . Software has the added advantage of not being a passive learning medium - problems can challenge the student . In addition , the student 's focus is on the board , not on the text of a book , which provides a more intense learning experience . Furthermore , repetition , which is the key to learning , is easy with this format.It is often said that chess is tactics , tactics and tactics . Well , if that is the case -LRB- and I am not totally convinced -RRB- then the chess combinations encyclopaedia is a good start . There are 4000 examples of tactics , most fairly easy , but that is good , especially for lower rated players who need training in tactical patterns.The Chess Combinations Encyclopedia follows the traditional Convekta format , which I prefer over some other formats . There are problems to solve and tests and a rating is given based on performance -LRB- which is not very meaningful as the rating is set too high and the user is given the impression that there is a rating improvement , when there probably isnt -RRB- . The problem with the CCE is a problem I have encountered with other Convekta software . For some of the problems , the solutions are simply wrong . For example , on one problem I was asked for the best move and chose a mate-in-one . But the program refused my choice , `` told '' me I had played a bad move , and proceeded to show me a long variation that won . Hmmm ... . For other problems , I found that the program refused my choice , did n't allow any other choice , and then when I finally got it `` wrong '' enough times , it proceeded to show me that my original choice was the best move ... hmmm.Having said that , this is a nice collection of problems and if you ignore your rating and ignore the program flaws , you will get something out of it . Especially recommended for people rated below 1900 -LRB- USCF -RRB- or 1800 -LRB- FIDE -RRB- . PS I am currently rated 2000-2100 FIDE .
 My rating is about 1900 USCF , and for someone rated at that level , I saw myself as a `` fair '' tactician.For some reason , I started having problems with calculation awhile ago . I did n't forget the various tactical themes a player learns , but I made lots of mistakes in calculating and in putting ideas together correctly . On occasions when I analyze with masters and titled players , they always tell me that I spot good ideas . In practical games , however , I was having problems.I decided that I simply had to work on my tactics . I was a player who never really liked tactics
 A First Person Action game - from Disney ! Usually Disney 's movie-to-games are flat , unimaginative puzzles that bore my kids within seconds . But Atlantis is something new . It 's entirely in 3D , which for kids ' games is extremely rare . Having not seen the movie I ca n't say how well it compares , but it does an amazing job of putting the player `` in '' the game . Visually it is first rate , obviously a lot of creativity went into the production.Bottom line , my kids love it -LRB- 2 boys and a girl -RRB- . The multiplayer aspect of the game -LRB- you can go online and play against other people -RRB- is the biggest draw for them . Every time they play it 's a new game , with new people doing unpredictable things . It worked out of the box , getting online to play is all built in , though my seven year old had to walk me through it the first couple of times.Great gameplay , very impressive graphics , seemingly endless replayability , and my kids love it . And I play it , too.Who needs a movie ?
 I loved Disney 's Atlantis the Lost Empire - Trial by Fire . But I still stuck on the second level , they should make a cheat book to help young players .
 This game was quite entertaining ! I saw the movie and if you liked that youl love the game . Disney always seems to be coming up with new `` Unsinkable '' idea 's . This game is great for all ages !
 Trial By Fire is a fun and challenging game with 2 modes and 2 games . Multiplayer and Single Player -LRB- CD needed -RRB- It has cool 3D effects -LRB- But they could be better -RRB- and 2 challenging games to play . It includes the original `` Search For The Journal '' but the game has it 's own disc and only the Search For The journal disc has the Keeper 's CTF -LRB- Capture the Flag -RRB- and Tourney -LRB- Tournament -RRB- with Keepers instead of Atlanteans and no `` Stormtrooper Explorers . '' This is a fun game that should keep kids age 7 + entertained .
 I bought this game for my nieces -LRB- ages 5 and 11 -RRB- . They absolutely loved it . It is really fun to play and great for curious minds . Like most of the Disney products , it 's appropriate for all ages without being boring . There are all kinds of challenges for curious little minds and I confess that this aunt hogged the mouse more than once.A great gift for kids who enjoyed the movie or for those who just like to explore and imagine .
 We all have software that looked good online and that performed somewhat once we got it installed but never lived up to our expectations . Not the case with this one . It installed slick as a whistle , required no learning curve to use , and produces beautifully resized images . I digitally paint images that ultimately will be sized too large for much of my other software to handle . With Genuine Fractals , I work at about half size and then enlarge at the end . I ca n't see that there 's any loss of definition at all .
 I have been looking for a program to enlarge small digital photos to 11 x 14 inch size . This program works miracles without pixelating the images . If you want a bigger picture that expands the capabilities of Photoshop , this is your answer . GF option installs onto PS menu and is easy to use .
 I 've owned this product in its infancy many years ago . It 's unique at what it does , enlarge original graphics without loss of quality . It could n't be easier to use since it 's a plugin for Adobe graphic editors like Photoshop & Photoshop Elements . It has changed the way I shoot my photographs because cropping is no longer a concern . In fact I use Genuine Fractals before starting my edits to end up with a cropped photo the same resolution as an out of camera original . Great stuff & great vendor ! Five stars all the way .
 Some things I 'd change about the program . You should have the option to pass up the cartoon character 's lesson and go directly to yours . It 's only helpful seeing this the first time through . The cartoon banter is way cheesy . The songs provided are n't great , but fine for the lessons . I saw a lot of songs I 'd like for the download , but I 'm not going past the four free ones . The headset is actually decent.I found the range determination procedure of great value , as well as the auto adjusting of songs to your range . Bottom line , I am a better singer for having bought this software . I like to do karaoke and I 'm better at it in just a short time .
 This product was purchased as a gift for a family with children ranging in age from 6 to 18 , and has been thoroughly enjoyed by all of them . There are simple tunes for the younger children , and the software can be trained to know their individual `` pitch '' and show them the variations in their ability to stay on key while they practice singing the tunes . I am very happy with this purchase . The adults in the family are enjoying it as well .
 I purchased the Singing Coach just after Christmas ... decided to give myself a present . I have found it to be very useful in helping me focus on note accuracy as well as timing . I was a little concerned about ordering after reading a few of the reviews with their problems but now I realize they were probably the operators fault , ie
 it was moderatly helpful.My friends say I 'm singing a little better , and I hav n't even finished the lessons !
 I had seen this product advertised on T.V. and was skeptical at first but intrigued as well . A year later , I decided that it was time to get some voice training.I 've loved music all my life and have been singing all through it . Since I 'm learning guitar , I figured now would be the time to step it up a notch . Unfortunely , I ca n't afford proper lessons so I guessed that this would be the next best thing , I did n't even know if I was a soprano , baritone , or anything . Singing Coach arrived yesterday and I 've been playing with it ever since . I learned that I 'm a tenor ! It took a while to get the microphone settings correct , My voice would n't register at first and I thought that the product was faulty . If this happens to anyone else , try checking the settings for your computer 's microphone , that was my problem.I love the pitch tracking ! It helped me so much ! You can see if your pitch is wrong and you can adjust yourself while you sing ! There are tons of exercises too.You can go by note , or by scale . The songs that come with are old traditional songs like Twinkle , twinkle little star , home on the range , etc. . I was kind of bummed by this at first but they definitely help with the training . The only bad thing is the selection of downloadable songs on their website.I was able to find two but other than that nothing I would want to sing . But that 's me , you can check out what songs they carry on the carryatune.com website . Also after you use up your free downloads it is 3.95 per song.That 's sure to add up if you get bored easily like me . All in all , a good product for the absolute beginner . It does seem like an experienced singer would n't get much out of it , except maybe as a supplement between classes or something like that .
 I thought this was a really solid piece of software . It taught me alot of things that I needed to know about singing . I am not a professional and could not afford vocal lessons so this really was a HUGE help.The ability to sing a wide range of songs made it even more useful . Being able to see my pitch helped teach me what types of songs are good for me to sing . From what I have seen so far the music library is growing every week with better and better songs . If they keep adding songs like this there really is no limit what I can do with the software .
 This is a really neat software program and its easy to use . I love that I can actually `` see '' how I am singing right there on the computer screen . It 's nice to be able to look at my saved recording and see exactly where I was too high or too low . When I make the changes , my score improves . I think the animation is great -LRB- what can I say , it keeps me feeling young and fun -RRB- . My daughter is using Singing Coach to practice for her school 's talent show . We like it a lot .
 I really had some reservations when I first saw this . I heard a radio interview for this and thought `` Yeah Right '' But curiosity got the best of me so I decided I would give it a try . I am SO glad I did . This has everything you need to learn how to sing properly . From the lessons to the song selection , I have not shut up since I got it .
 I highly recommend this program . While there are many techniques that must come together to produce quality tone , for a singer to be `` on pitch '' remains the non-subjective and single most important aspect of singing ; this is what Singing Coach helps you target.For the purpose of correcting pitch problems , Singing Coach is better than a real instructor because it allows you to visually see how close your voice is to the mark . A vocal coach will be using his or her ears to compare you voice to the correct note on a piano , but to have the capability measure your voice unaccompanied by a teacher with a tool like Singing Coach means that you can work on pitch problems a lot more often and for some rather shy students this may be exactly what they need.On the negative side
 bought this program for my daughter who loves watching American Idol and now all she wants to do is sing . We bought her this as present and it has really helped her improve her singing . She always had a good voice but this really helped tune her skills . If anyone is looking for a way to improve their singing , go buy this program - it is worth the money .
 I had a horrible singing voice , but loved to sing . I sat in the front pew in church so that no one would be in front of me to hear my singing . I was very skeptical when I ordered Singing Coach . After installing the program , I went through all of the lessons several times . I could see my improvement in my scores and hear my improvement in my singing . I discovered that I had been trying to sing in a range much above my natural range . I intend to continue to practice using Singing Coach . I will never have a `` professional '' singing voice , but at least now I 'm not embarrassed to let others hear me sing .
 When I first saw Singing coach making headlines in the local paper I did n't really consider it that much . But after I thought about it for a while and wanted to exceed in my singing capabilities I did in-fact buy it . It was n't at all confusing to learn and I was glad by the fact I could n't just go through it all fast and learn nothing . I really had to work at it and learn new things about my voice and how to work it . Now when I sing in front of audiences and such , I practice all the excercises I learned , and I have dramatic and perfect results . I learned how to hold a note and not make it all pitchy but smooth and gentle or hard and rocking . It teaches you all these things and it 's a real genuine thing to buy and learn from . It is n't too hard , but is n't too easy . It tells you right where you belong and it teaches you things that can strain your voice or not force it to do enough . Singing coach as taught me so much and as a matter of fact because of it 's teachings I 've even been offered a demo.Hopefully June 2007 will serve as a new start in my future singing careers . At least I know I will always have a friend in singing coach . Plus , it 's HILLARIOUS to watch the video teachings . -LRB- : THANKS SO MUCH , AND PEOPLE PLEASE BUY BUY BUY!You wo n't be sorry ! - S.G.Sara A. Grafton
 If you want to get started in CAD , but are n't sure it 's for you , then this is a great investment . For $ 10 you can design just about anything your little heart desires . The learning curve is not that bad , but the documentation is not that good . -LRB- That 's why four stars -RRB- This product is not too complicated , and using it will let you know if you need to invest in a more feature filled version.I use it to design projects for my home workshop . It has made a noticeable improvement in my milling and lathe work.Next , I 'm going to try furniture .
 I work with AutoCAD at work but I needed something to plan my re-modelling at home and this product is perfect for that.WHile it might not have all the features ACAD does -LRB- remember you are buying it for lest then 1 % of the cost of ACAD -RRB- , it has all you need for a small type of project and is very easy to use.The package actually combines House Design software -LRB- separate -RRB- and the CAD soft.Highly recommend !!!
 I trained on and used two much more expensive CAD programs before I retired as a facility director . This program is a terrific value and is much more sophisticated than I had expected .
 I found this program extremely basic and very helpful for creating quick imagery and physical representations of places and rooms that I have wnated to design.The detail in the accessories is good and the hands on experience of CAD drawing for the purpose of design is simple and easy . The instructions are a little confusing , but take it slow and it all works out.I think students will like this as a good introductory learning tool and those for those who just wanted to design without any formal education will find this easy to manuver around and create . It was fun too!Overall a very good basic , beginers program for CAD drawing and creations ! 3-26-08
 Loved these games when they first came out in the early eighties , so pleased to be able to play them again now.Such good value for so many games .
 I 've been using this product for years . It has always opened up files on my mac , whether they were created in word perfect , etc. . I 've even used it to open windows files from my friends , when they 're windows machines could n't open them . I translated them to different windows formats and given them back to my friends to open and they worked fine . I have n't used this new version but I want to try it . My older version needs to be updated .
 I have to securtiy of a mac with the ability to run programs my professor requests . It takes a while to load and demands alot of speed from the CPU because it is an operating system running on top of another system . It is just barely slower than XP running on a PC so I am happy with that .
 Works well overall , but still pretty slow and I 'm using it with a G5 where it 's supposed to be speed optimized .
 Suddenly required to produce tons of multimedia stuff for the graduate courses I teach , I switched to Mac -LRB- Ugh - although great for video material -RRB- . What to do with the $ 1000s of irreplaceable PC software by which I live ? This software was the answer . Yes , I will ultimately return to the PC world , but for now this simple little program is keeping me from testing my university 's tenure policy . I have n't tested its limits as yet , but so far it has performed swimingly .
 This is an amazing program . It worked even better then I had hoped . I love Amazon.com because my items always arrive on time and are always what I thought they were .
 About two years ago , feeling frustration with every PC based purchase I had ever made , I bought my first Apple computer . Now I am totally sold on the wonders of the iMac and other Apple machines , but what am I to do with the Windows programs that are n't available on the Mac ? Virtual PC to the rescue!I have to admit that when I first installed Virtual PC on my G4 PowerBook , it was achingly slow . So slow that it was practically useless , seriously . However , I found that when I beefed up my memory to 768MB from the preinstalled 256MB , the software came alive.Long story short is
 When I read the review about installation problems I figured with Vista on my laptop I would never be able to get the games . Sent an email to HerInteractive -LRB- makers of Nancy Drew pc games -RRB- and they told me the old pc games should be ok on Vista and if there were any problems to contact their tech department for an easy correction . I have a son who is savvy with computers and he was able to make 2 small changes to get it installed on Vista . But if you need to contact the tech people at HerInteractive do n't hesitate . 5 great games for this price is too good to pass up !
 These are the original first 5 Nancy Drew computer games and are great games . I am running Vista Home Premium SP2 and had NO problem installing or running the games . If someone has problems there is a good set of instructions for fixes on the Her International web site but I did n't need them .
 I love being the detective myself . A lot better than watching it on T.V. . A good variety of puzzle to solve and you can do most of it in any order wich makes it so you can play them again and again . If you like mysteries it 's a must have . My kids love watching me play and like to play along with me on my lap .
 When I first got the five pack , only two games would show an installation page . It was frustrating until I found out that the problem was because of DirectX . Now all of the games work , and there are fun . It is a tremendous value too .
 I got this as a Christmas gift for my sis , who loves these games . She was wonderfully surprised and really liked this set . It made her face light up ! Great purchase .
 I purchased this for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas . Needless to say I enjoy playing the games also . Spooky and not gory - fantastic . Wonderful value - I 've seen these games in the stores for -LSB- ... -RSB- a piece !
 I would just like to say that I have completed all of the ND games , and if anybody needs help , just ask right here on your review ! Thanks ! : -RRB-
 We already have these games , so this was a gift . It was kind of embarrassing because the kids wanted to play one CD -LRB- it comes with 5 -RRB- and it was ONLY for Win 95 , 98 and their computer used Win XP which the box stated the programs worked on ! Kind of misleading , but luckily it was only game that did n't work with XP !
 I purchased the set for my daughter and she has had a great time playing them . They are nifty little mysteries and are very interactive for children . Not too boring for the parents either . ; -RRB-
 My daughter loves this game . It was her favorite Birthday gift . She said she likes it because it makes her think . She has to work a little to solve the mystery , Just like Nancy Drew .
 If you are a Nancy Drew fan then you are sure to like this set of 3-D PC games . You get to solve the mystery as Nancy , herself ! I had a hard time putting my laptop down and getting back to the real world . The 75th Anniversary pack has the first 5 games included and a book , which I did n't know they had created a Nancy series when she was around 8 , 9 , or 10 . Around that age ... anyway , one of those are included . It is a very good price for 5 games & a book . You will not be disappointed !!
 This 75th anniversay addition of Nancy Drew games is great for the price and you will enjoy playing them .
 I own all of the Nancy Drew PC games and even though I 'm an adult , I have a great time playing them -LRB- I pass them down to my nieces afterwards -- it helps having played the game for when they call and need help ! -RRB- . Secrets Can Kill is the first in the series and the only one that has an actual murder in it -LRB- the others focus on items being stolen , treasures hidden , `` ghosts '' , and so on -RRB- . `` Secrets '' is the weakest of the series but that 's to be expected since it was the first and Her Interactive has made many improvements with each game . The game is point-and-click and the cursors change color and look when there 's something of interest . Navigation is pretty easy , the graphics are rich and colorful , and some of the puzzles can be very challenging . In the earliest games you could choose between Master , Senior and Junior Detective but later games just offer Junior and Senior . Junior Detective mode gives Nancy a little book where she keeps track of what to do next , so kids can refer to it and not get too lost . The games became more educational with the titles of Dolphin Cove -LRB- you learn about dolphins , whales , nautical terms and flags , etc. -RRB- and Secret of the Scarlet Hand -LRB- all about the Mayan culture with settings in a museum -RRB- . Some titles are just spooky fun like Haunted Mansion , Blackmoor Manor , Treasure in the Royal Tower and so on . The voice work on these games is good , but sometimes you can tell the actor is faking an accent . There 's not a lot of animation , and the suspects usually stay in one spot so you know where to find them when you need them . I would recommend these games for preteens and up because some of the effects could scare a small child -LRB- in a couple of the games there is an explosion effect when you choose the wrong thing -- luckily there is always the `` Second Chance '' button , but the suddeness of the bang could make you jump if you do n't know it 's coming . -RRB- Overall , this series just keeps improving . I 'm looking forward to the next one which will see Nancy in Paris , France .
 Nancy Drew games have become a family affair in our house ! My 10 year old son enjoys them as much as my 12 year old daughter . And , honestly , I enjoy them as much as the kids . We gather around the computer as a group deciding which way to go , who to talk to , what to try next , etc. . The games are good , clean , non-violent , stimulating fun . Start with Message in a Haunted Mansion and you will be hooked ! And , the price on this anniversary package is fantastic .
 I have played all of the nancy games and beat each one ... They are really awesome !!! You can not just buy another series of games . These are the best games I 've ever played !!! The preice is great too . I like all the games in the pack . Secrets can kill is definetly not too great , though , because you have to switch disks every 30 seconds -LRB- exageration -RRB- . The graphics are great in all games except secrets can kill . My favorite in this pack might be either stay tuned for danger or treasure in a royal tower . I love final scene too.GREAT BUY !
 I have every single Nancy Drew game -LRB- there are 13 of them so far ! -RRB- and I have loved all of games 3-13 ! The world of Nancy Drew is vast , and there are many sleuths and followers out there that religiously play these games . If you are ever stumped , there is always tips out there that can help . I recommend them , and please , start off with Message in a Haunted Mansion -LRB- It 's my favorite ! It got me hooked ! -RRB-
 I bought all of these games separately and love them -LRB- and I 'm an adult -- you definitely do n't have to be a kid to enjoy these games -RRB- . This package is a great deal -- you get the first five Nancy Drew games for the price of one . This is a good starter pack for a ND newbie before because not only is it very affordable , it includes several of the best games of the series , including my favorite , Treasure in the Royal Tower . Just be sure not to start with Secrets Can Kill -LRB- or if you do , do n't base your opinion of the series on it -RRB- . It was the very first one made and the quality is not very good . Happy sleuthing !
 In the course of my research for a book on graphical adventure games , I stumbled across a Nancy Drew title at my local discount store and brought it home . At first I was a bit skeptical about games based on a popular book franchise for adolescent girls would translate well into an adventure game . At least , I did n't think it would keep me , a 29-year old college professor , interested for very long . However , I was wrong . The Nancy Drew series by Her Interactive is a solid line of graphical adventure games . The production values are high , but , more importantly , these games are great fun for anyone . There are also at least two levels of difficulty in each game , with the `` Senior Detective '' level being the best for adults . Indeed , I found plenty here to challenge me!The 75th Anniversary pack from The Adventure Company is a tremendous value . These games are usually $ 20 - $ 25 or even $ 10 if you 're lucky enough to find one in a bargain bin . The first five for this price is a steal . If you have the slightest interest in games like Myst , or are a Nancy Drew fan , these games are for you .
 My 13 year old daughter really enjoys the Nancy Drew mystery series , and was thrilled to receive this set of five of the older titles for Christmas . She plowed through the entire set in less than four weeks , taking a bit of a break between each one.The are n't full of razzle dazzle and photorealistic imagery ; they are full of puzzles and clues and require the player to think about what they 've seen and may need to do . In order for my daughter to solve the mysteries , she learned to take plenty of notes and to review them often while trying to figure out if some new clue or puzzle can be solved with the help of something she 's seen before . In other words , she was learning to be a detective.A few times my daughter got stuck , and I 'd help her rethink what she 's seen and done . And that process reminded me of how it went for me when I tackled the Myst series.This particular set is a bargain with five titles . You * might * need to run a couple of them in Windows 98 compatibility mode -LRB- under WinXP -RRB- but they all ended up running just fine with minimal fuss .
 Both my daughters ages 8 and 12 love this series -- and for this price , it 's a tremendous value !
 I bought this for my 7 year old daughter , she loves playing Nancy Drew . I would recommend it to anybody who loves mystery !
 dBNow is great - I 'm always recommending it to friends ! It is incredibly easy and intuitive to use - you can set up a new database very quickly . I use it for all my wish lists - wine , books , music , movies , etc. . I also like the files that come with the product - particularly the Nutrition database .
 I highly recommend that you pick this up if you love your palm pilot . It is super easy to use and you can keep track of anything you want . I use it to keep track of all the good wines I come across and would otherwise forget about . I was bored with my palm pilot until I got this little gem !
 The beauty of this product is that it is easy to create databases , yet the program is also rich in features . So far , I have used dbNow to organize all of my web passwords , and to organize my gift list/wish list by person , including their each persons ' sizes . I ca n't wait to start organizing my recipes next . That way , the next time I am shopping , I wo n't forget anyting . dbNow is perfect to organize everything else in my life . And the best part is that I always have the databases on my desktop AND my Visor !
 I 've tried them all
 Good software for your holiday mailing labels . Simple to use . Great for everyday use also . Easy toprogram on your computer MMT
 very happy with the time that i received my CD and it was better then paying the full price to replace the disk that I allready had but missed placed.My Holiday Mailing Labels
 Photo DVD 3.0 By Honest Technology -- Very easy to use . Works great on my Win98 SE and Win XP computers . And the price is right !!
 Received fast and the price was very good . If I need anything else I will remember your siteThank You
 Great Software that teaches you bout the Space Shuttle and about Astronaut training . This cd was set up i believe by the Space Camp Program . Really informative piece of software .
 I 'm amazed at the previous reviews of this product . I 've been using PlanPlus since February 2006 on six different Windows XP computers
 Yikes - what a handful of awful reviews . I 'm going against the tide here - but I LOVE THIS THING !! I am using it with an old blackberry - to catch my reminders and appointments and calendar . I am using it synced with YAHOO calendar - and I use my laptop and my work PC with it.HOW ?? - you ask . Ok , it takes some tweaking and an extra 3 minutes : I review and schedule everything with the program open and running on my laptop.I then drag a copy of it over to my thumb drive , so I can run it when I get to work the next day.I then sync my laptop Plan Plus with my laptop copy of OUTLOOK.Next , I sync my blackberry with the laptop 's outlook.Finally , I sync YAHOO with the laptop 's outlook.Rumor has it that Franklin Covey has made Plan Plus sync-able with the blackberry directly , now ? I have not yet figured this out.I love this calendar because it works for me - it captures endless notes , contacts , websites - and allows me to put them in and around my goals - and it allows me to keep my eye on the goals . I used this program with Jennie Ditzler - Your Best Year Yet - Book and website to keep me on track . Finally , you can not ask for a more customizable interface . It 's great for the basics - reminders , appt , a million calendar views - and it is awesome for in-depth - sharpen the saw , goal setting , values , mission statement and prioritizing.So sorry to hear that many folks are not loving this solution . Especially since I am raving about it .
 FLASH 5 It speaks for itself . It 's even MORE awesome than Flash 4 ... which is hard to doGenerator 2 The ultimate solution to the problem of static content on web pages
 We all know the excellence of the Britannica . This DVD version is a very good way to use the vast information available . Not only you can move quickly between articles , but you can take notes , arrange them and use them for your research . You wo n't need to switch discs for media or text . Everything is a click away . You can get Britannica free on the web , but on DVD you will work faster and you will have more options available .
 Everyone knows that the Britannica is a superb encyclopedia . The problem until now has been that the CD-ROM and DVD versions often failed to run properly on many computers.I suspect that much of the problem had to do with the fact that the earlier versions were produced by Broderbund/Mattel Interactive -LRB- Really ! -RRB- , hardly firms from which you would want to purchase serious software.I have just loaded this version , from MacMillan , and it runs smoothly , permitting the user to efficiently peruse the wonderful content , which puts Encarta , Compton 's and the like to shame.Buy it .
 great interface , works just like the internet , has everything a high school student needs
 The encyclopedia britanica on cd is way better than the book version
 Been in touch with the Tech support from Britannica and they came up with a suggestion to overcome the lack of a contents page . The suggestion was to run searches for -LRB- ab * , ac * ... za * . . -RRB- on the titles instead of entire articles . It isnt a perfect solution but it helps.For being the best encyclopedia and its extensive articles I think it deserves to be re-rated . Falling short of perfection with the lack of a contents page , which I hope will be corrected . In addition the tech support from the web sites was very prompt and professional .
 Everyone knows that Britannica was the first publisher of encyclopedias . This product did not fail my expectation . I have use this many times to do research and project . One big plus over Microsofts Encarta is the articles . The articles is much more in depth and longer than Encarta.Encarta users -LRB- like myself -RRB- will find Britannica to have a very different format . It is certainly less eye catching and lacks many of Microsoft 's multimedia features . However , what it lacks in snazz , it makes up for in content . I like both Encarta and Britannica because of these differences , and I will continue to use both . As far as information is concerned , Britannica is the grand-daddy of encyclopedias . The content is identical to the company 's online version , but for users concerned about downtime and slow downloads , the CD-ROM version is a life saver . Also , the offline version allows parents of young children to access the content without supervision and without installing Internet filters.I recommand you buy this great product .
 The Britannica CD 's is one of the best of it 's kind , and for the purpose of concise very updated and responsible information - without the need to tour in big books - it does the work on the best way .
 I found this to be the easiest and userfriendly product of all my 4 + different lable making programs . sooo easy , I love it and recommended it to all my friends .
 I just wanted to say that this is a good product because of its quality 's I definently recommend it for everyone !
 Love this product , CD is worth it ! . My first grader has fun playing the various games . Each game helps out another part of the game . Very interactive and he has fun learning . But tell them that .
 My daughter loves reader rabbit . It 's very educational and fun . Once she sits at the computer she does n't want to stop playing . I was very satisfied with the shipping and that the product worked . I 've purchased the CD in stores and it did not work . So I was very happy that all CD 's worked .
 this new version of windows helpped me to find out that my computer sucks !!! and now i bought an IMAC 24 '' , apple rules !!
 Do yourself a favor and just purchase this upgrade . If you 're on the fence about it , give up.I was initially going to just purchase the Adobe Illustrator upgrade , but I 'm so glad I went ahead and did the whole shebang . While minute to some , to others the changes will be monumental and life-changing . InDesign is so much cooler , and I have to wonder if Adobe will continue to develop it more into a mini-Illustrator , although I wo n't complain.Illustrator 's live-trace and paint-bucket stuff blew my mind . I was excited about it when I read about the updates , but I can not correctly describe the feeling of euphoria that I experienced when I finally used it.I wo n't bore you with the rest . Just buy it and see for yourself .
 I had waited too long to upgrade my Photoshop , Pagemaker , and Illustrator programs . The many features in this new upgrade really give a boost to your productivity and creative control . If you 've been on the fence about upgrading , I definitely recommend you do it !
 Although I have n't had a chance to use the programs in the suite thoroughly , so far so good . Adobe is the very best !
 You might want to read the review below this first because I acidentely saved it.RIVER RACE
 I ca n't beleive I 'm first to review this ! This is the only time that 's happened . I will devide this into sections saying what 's good and bad about each one . We 'll start withTHE PLOT
 My son could not use the CD in his computer and when I notified the seller , they quickly responded and refunded my money . . No problem !! EXCELLENT SERVICE
 This review is mostly aimed at new DMs or those not familiar with Forgotten Realms . After having been `` out '' of AD&D for about 5-7 years , my kids rekindled my interest . Since there appeared to be a wealth of information on Forgotten Realms , I purchased this CD-ROM . The only `` caveat '' to any potential `` emptors '' out there is the Interactive Atlas has only the MAPS of the Forgotten Realms . You will still need to have the Campaign Setting available if you wish to understand the background information.That being said , it is well worth the money to get both . The Campaign Setting does not have all the beautifully detailed color maps available in the Interactive Atlas , but it does have the stories which make these maps and your campaigns come alive .
 The Forgotten Realms
 Ever buy some old Forgotten Realms products and find out laterthat the map is missing ? I know I have , but now I do n't worry becauseI can just go to the atlas and print out the missing map.I have all of the Forgotten Realms material ever published and I can safely say this is the most complete collection of maps you will find . If you have found some maps are missing , chances are good you probably neglected the free map downloads available.The crew at Pro-Fantasy could n't be more helpful . If you ever have problems you do n't have to worry about poor support . They are fantastic . END
 This product is great ! If you like to adventure in the Realms , this product is for you . It contains the whole globe of Toril , with an interface that lets you zoom in and out on a map without losing quality.It contains almost every map ever made of the Forgotten Realms , as well as Al-Quadim -LRB- Zhakara -RRB- . And those maps that were not ready , or were left out they make available for free download so you can add them in.Another great feature is the ability to edit maps . Have some custom towns not found in an official product ? Add them in to your atlas , and they are on the map ! I would consider this product a must have .
 The Atlas has two free updates , available on theinternet . Important areas are now covered even where they overlap twomaps on the non-updated version.The update brings the sum total of maps available to over 850 , covering almost the entire Realms . This is a much detail as you would get in any CD-ROM Atlas , any covers nearly all published material on the Realms.You can do a complete text search throughout the whole Atlas , providing you with a list of maps that match you criteria . You can hide or show features , depending on who the map is for then print at any scale , over any number of pieces of paper.Maps can be edited using the mapper in the AD&D Core Rules 2.0 -LRB- available from Amazon -RRB- or with CC2Simon Rogers -LRB- on behalf of ProFantasy Software -RRB- END
 The best thing about the atlas are the maps themselves . Seeing the individual buildings in a city instead of a black block gives the maps that extra little something . The links between the maps are great too , clicking from one to the other , learning which floorplan goes to which city and where in the city is wonderful . And the Overland maps are beautiful . Really gives you a feel for what the Forgotten Realms are like . Overall , an excellent product which any gamer should find useful .
 I bought the Dragon Magazine Archive over 10 years ago . It 's a good resource to have around.A few things that you should be aware of :1 . CD-ROMs decay over time so , if you are buying this product today , the CD-ROMs will have data corruption and errors . You may be able to resurrect the data but , if not , there are other people and places that will help you to get clean files .2 . Instead of CD-ROMs , everything fits on a single DVD so , as soon as you recover your CD-ROMs , burn a DVD . It 's really easy to figure out how to make DVD work just as well as CD-ROMs , including all software .3 . There are been some updates added to the Wizards of the Coast web site . Do n't forget to download the updates !
 It would be asking a lot to have 250 + issues of a magazine delivered in the most high tech framework , one that would meet future standards seamlessly . -LRB- Crying about the program not working on niche platforms like UNIX is a little odd , given that this is a consumer product . -RRB- But TSR 's choice to go with a proprietary interface that does n't work as well as the shareware Acrobat Reader is just odd . As a result , less tech-savvy users will find this product frustrating , trying to navigate using TSR 's `` kewl '' interface , when instead they should just download the free Acrobat Reader from Adobe.com . Having said that , once users have made the leap to using Acrobat , this product is a treasure . With a good printer -- or simply a monitor that 's comfortable enough to read on -- this would be a bargain at twice the price . I 've already spent many , many hours reading reprints of articles I never saw before , and have n't even gone digging for fondly remembered stories and comic strips . This is a must for any D&D fan , from any era . -LRB- And now that D&D and `` Dragon '' magazine are owned by Wizards of the Coast , hopefully they 'll learn from the mistakes made here and do better with their electronic products . -RRB-
 This is a very good archive of Dragon Magazines first 250 issues . The software it comes with does have problems , but the magazines are in PDF format , which means you can read through them without using the software that it comes with.Basically , the reason to get this is for all those great old articles about Dungeons and Dragons and other Role Playing Games from the past . Several well known authors got their start in Dragon Magazine . Folks like Ed Greenwood , Katharine Kerr , E. Gary Gygax , Roger Moore , etc. . And seeing old articles by folks like Arthur Collins , Kim Mohan , and others is really great.Of course the major high lights of being able to see the old articles are the old `` From the Sorceror 's Scroll '' articles by E. Gary Gygax and seeing how the AD&D game evolved over the years . And then there are old favorite articles like the orginal Anti-Paladin by George Laking and Tim Mesford , `` The Politics of Hell '' by Alexander van Thorn , and of course the articles about the Astral plane by Roger Moore and the Nine Hells by Ed Greenwood.Along the way , there is great old cartoons , like the orginal `` What 's New '' by Phil Foglio , `` Wormy '' by the now disappeared Dave Trampier and `` Snarfquest '' by Larry Elmore.Really , worth while to have for those who followed Dragon Magazine through the years . The first issue I bought was issue # 49 . And it is still going after all these years . In my opinion , Kim Mohan was the best editor the magazine ever had.Worthwhile .
 The Dragon Archives CD is an excellent value and a godsend for Dungeon Masters . Not only do you get 250 + magazines , you can easily search them and book mark them . It comes in * very * handy when folks start arguing about spell interpretations , and its great for research.Some folks have reported problems with the interface ; I have n't had any . My only gripes are the CD holder -LRB- which does n't work very well -RRB- and the fact that there are five CDs -- this is one archive that should have been available on a DVD-ROM . Doing a search , and having to swap CDs in and out , is a pain.All in all though , its one of WotC/TSR 's best online products . I would prefer to see the books on Core Rules 2.0 and 2.0 Expantion released in this sort of a format as well ; being able to see the illustrations is a real plus.I hope WotC does more products like this -- my wish list would be :1 . Dungeon Magazine 2 . Complete Greyhawk collection 3 . Complete Forgotten Realms collection .
 No matter what version of Dungeons and Dragons you play or what campaign world your game is set in , this collection of magazines-as-PDFs is a must have . While the interface is admittedly clumsy on Win98 and ME , I found it to be fairly well-behaved under XP and 2000 ; even if you do n't use the interface for reading , it 's search-engine is invaluable for digging through thousands of pages of articles , looking for that one house rule you just KNOW you saw fifteen years ago ... Furthermore , the seven issues of `` The Strategic Review '' give gamers today a perspective on the state of the hobby as it was before many of them even thought of Dungeons and Dragons or indeed RPGs in general.Containing short `` adventure modules '' , quick one-off stand alone games , fiction , art ranging from David Trampier 's `` Wormy '' to Phil Foglio 's `` What 's New With Phil N ' Dixie '' , the Dragon Magazine CD-ROM archive is a must-have for anyone who 's serious about -LRB- Advanced -RRB- Dungeons and Dragons .
 What else can you say about a new product which is just a compilation of old , out-of-print issues of a magazine ? Of course , unless you have a laptop , you ca n't take out an old issue and flop onto the couch to skim through any given issue , which makes it slightly less convenient than having the physical magazines . But the searchability makes up for that shortcoming.It 's a good thing to have . In this archive is every page of every issue from 1 to 250 , even the ads , on 5 CDs . These are bundled together in a gimmicky user interface that leaves a little to be desired , but is not that bad . The search feature is not as good as it could be . I tested it with some search targets which I knew the location of , and some of my tests produced false or no results . The interface allows a bookmark feature to mark particular sections in the archive , but I have n't really had much use for this . Some people may find it invaluable.The interface also ran very slowly on my old machine , which exceeded the minimum system requirements in all regards . The documentation that came with the product suggests copying the individual issues onto your hard drive to improve speed . So it 's best to use this interface if you have a very fast system or a very large hard drive . Fortunately , if you have no time or patience for the user interface , the individual magazines are readable as . pdf files in Acrobat Reader . Problem solved.Personally , I like having 250 issues of Dragon to read through . And at 16 cents an issue , the price is right .
 I have/had a large collection of Dragon Magazines from my junior high school and high school days . On the one hand , I never wanted to get rid of this little bit of my history , with its invaluable cache of articles , ideas , and comics . They are a veritable time capsule of RPG gaming during the golden age of the hobby . Fun memories of my nerdy youth.On the other hand , I never wanted to keep the magazines so badly that I felt like `` going to bat '' with my wife over keeping them in the limited shelf space in our small urban condo . So the magazines continued to sit alone , in cardboard boxes in the basement of my parents ' house . Enter the Dragon Magazine archive.How often do I use this software ? Frankly , not often . But that is n't the point . To me , the Archive is a safety blanket . If and when I want to look at an old article , magic spell list , `` Giants In The Earth '' column , old ads , or old editions of `` Wormy '' or `` What 's New , '' then I can do so at any time . The issues are well-scanned , the detail is great , and the ease of use is high . A fine product considering the volume of content and low price.Most importantly -LRB- I will re-emphasize -RRB- , it takes up a heck of a lot less shelf space than the magazines . Which means that the WAF -LRB- wife acceptance factor -RRB- goes way up , which is worth the negligible cost of this software .
 This is a must have for DM 's and Players alike ! I 've been role-playing for 15 years , and this is a very helpful item for anyone to have . The only thing that I have a problem with is this ; The interface is a bit slow , even on my new machine . Other than that , I had no problem accessing any of the contents . I got tired of looking through my old issues of Dragon . The search is great , and helpful . Again ... Buy this product . Good job WTC !
 If your looking for a great source of information this is for you . The GUI is not too great but the search feature works well . All the issues are on the CD 's in easy to access PDF format .
 This is the perfect software for anyone that likes to create Dance/Trance/Electronica type music . It is easy to use and allows room for more creation . Just pop in the CD and start creating your master mix . I 'm very satisfied with this software and am also recommending Sounds 4 by Ejay and Techno by Ejay
 Dance 5 is a music program preloaded with sound loops that you would normally put together along with other loops to create a track . This program is mainly focused on dance and techno beats but you can also make up your own beats within the program . If you want to start making your own music i recommend this as a good start before you move on to harder programs like Logic or Q-base .
 I got this software and learned that I was driving recklessly without regard to myself and others . I could not believe that after how many years of driving i was using wrong techniques and maneuvers . I highly recommend this to everyone even to seasoned drivers .
 The maps and rout planning are superb !
 I have been using this software package for quite some time and I must say that it is well worth the dollars spent.I 'm glad I took the plunge , I was reluctant even though I have always thought highly of the Learn2 products . As a data analyst I have been using the Microsoft Office suite of applications for this position as well as several others prior to this one and I can say that I have learned several tips and tricks from the software . It 's not just something that can be used by the novice user , and it can , but by the intermediate and advanced user as well . For me it has been particularly useful in cleaning up some of the bad habits that I have acquired over the years as well as affording me insight into some of the features that I have never used . These cd 's span several application generations , 97 , 2000 , and 2002 . For the price it is an excellent reference tool that can be useful , and certainly referenced regularly , to all users regardless of their skill set .
 World Talk Norwegian is a very good program for students who want to practice listening to and speaking Norwegian ! I have n't even tried all the features yet -LRB- recording your voice to practice pronunciation , for example -RRB- , but it 's a great program -- I love it ! I highly recommend this program for anyone who wants to increase or maintain their proficiency in Norwegian .
 This CD is definitely one of the better guides to UFO basics .
 Colorful flash cards that your child can match the beginning letter of each picture with the letter on the back of the cards . Such as pictures of Hats has the letter H on the reverse side . It is very helpful for identifying the letters , which is a creative way of learning the alphabet ! Great for preschoolers with Caillou pictures !!!
 This is a very useful tool for my son , he finds everything here instead of trying to find it on the web .
 This is a fantastic product . Worth every penny . Have three copies of this software .
 I find it constraining to use just one English dictionary , especially since leaving several software dictionaries open eases their concurrent use , So I review the three that I typically use , though there are more -- and good ones -- out there . Although I just go to the most user-friendly one -LRB- RHWUD -RRB- for most quick consultations , I sometimes find it necessary to probe two of them , and even all three . When I want to know more about the etymology or the different meanings of a difficult word , each one may add a little something that the others do n't have . Consulting all three often leads to a better grasp of the word . This may sound eccentric or wasteful to some , but it will make sense to lots of people.I use : The Random House Webster 's Unabridged Dictionary , version 3.0 for 32-bit Windows -LRB- RHWUD -RRB- The Merriam-Webster 's 11th Collegiate Dictionary , version 3.0 -LRB- MWCD -RRB- The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary , 5th ed . on CD-ROM , version 2.0 -LRB- SOED -RRB- In addition to phonological symbols , all three dictionaries can use the computer 's audio facility to pronounce clearly . All three provide etymologies and a word 's entry date in the English language . All three dictionaries are for MS Windows . I do n't know whether they have Mac or other OS versions . After fully installing them on the computer 's hard disk , they can be used without their CD-ROM . The software version of RHWUD is light and loads faster than the others do . It covers more proper names . Although all three dictionaries are very easy to use , RHWUD is the easiest one . As you type each letter of a word in a small box , a left panel below the box shows words progressively closer to what you are typing . After you finish typing the word , the left panel shows words coming before and after the typed word , so you can quickly spot its variants and all adjacent words , variant or not . Clicking on a word in the left panel produces the details on that word in the right panel.The software version of the Merriam-Webster 's 11th Collegiate Dictionary -LRB- MWCD -RRB- also has two panels , but the left panel does not show any progressive list as you type each letter of a word . You finish typing the word , then you have to press ENTER or click on a Search button in other to see the results . -LRB- In contrast , RHWUD may land on the word even before you finish typing it . -RRB- If you typed the word correctly , then you 'll see a left panel with some close-spelling variants that are RELATED to the word , NOT all the strictly adjacent words like in RHWUD . If you type something that is not in the dictionary , you will get nothing but a small window stating the word does not exist . If the mistake was inadvertent , you 'll be more careful and you 'll get your result . But if you were just guessing the spelling , then your are in the dark . You 'll have to keep guessing with alternative spellings . In such a situation , the RHWUD would have shown you exactly at what letter the mistake began . And the left panel might have provided the clues to the correct spelling because of its `` adjacents '' . This is mostly why the RHWUD is more user-friendly . However , I feel the MW may be a bit more authoritative . Its definitions tend to be successfully concise , which make them seem a tiny bit more accurate . Otherwise , for the majority of words , both are practically equivalent.The MW lets you access a dedicated thesaurus , with synonyms , antonyms , and related words more systematically available than in the dictionary module . Not all words can be found in the thesaurus , of course , but , when they are there , the MWCD is a net plus for choosing more carefully among similar words . -LRB- My preferred software thesaurus , however , is the New Oxford Thesaurus of English in the multi-dictionary `` iFinger '' format . I may review it one day , if I can remember it at the right spare time . -RRB- For special words , both dictionaries compare quasi-synonyms at the bottom of the right panel ; an easy way to get , in one spot , the fine nuances between roughly similar words.BTW , the `` Webster '' name has proliferated in the naming of American dictionaries . The history of the name in the business can be easily found on the Internet . -LRB- Wikipedia ? -RRB- For those who want to probe further into words , there is the expansive and expensive Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- OED -RRB- . A compromise is its shorter version , the Shorter Oxford English Dictionary -LRB- SOED -RRB- . But even the SOED is a step up from the RHWUD and MWC -- for COMMON names only . It does not generally do proper names . For instance , London and Paris are there , but Madrid and Churchill are not -RRB- . In a way , its dating of words is vaguer than the other two
 All I can sayt is that this -- for a great cost -- edits audio , add effects to it , does basically all you could want .
 This game was so good that some how some borrowed it and never returned it
 Storyline can be created easily . Captioning is easy . Took about 3 hrs to put togther a 20 page storyline , caption and print the pages . Ability to zoom and pan photos is useful . The resulting book looks very good and vibrant.Negative - Software uses a lot of system resources . Wish the sheets were double sided rather than single sided . Would like to see more themes and the ability to have an introduction page primarily based on text . Refill kits -LRB- without the s/w -RRB- would be great as well .
 This is an extremely easy to use program and it 's quite a lot of fun to work with ! The end product is a stunning library type book that you are more than proud to share with family and friends . I chose not to tear out the extra mounting pages but used them to display extra photos . I have purchased a second one to use for our next vacation .
 I recently purchased and completed my first book using StoryTeller . It was fun to produce , a bit tedious and labor intensive but the result was a beautiful book.It would be nice if the book could use two-sided paper and thus look more like a real book . That might be difficult to accomplish . On the other hand it would be easy to offer more than one font for captions , titles and such . It would also be nice to have more control with captions such as italizing or underlineing individual words . The buyer should be aware that this produces a very large file and even a fast computer is slowed considerably.Regardless of minor drawbacks , I think it is a great product and I 'll probably buy several to use as very personalized Christmas gifts .
 This product was very easy to use . I used it to make a wedding album for our daughter and they were very exicted about it . The only thing that I was not happy with was the lack of horizonal frames to work with . You can only do so much croping to make a horzonal photo fit a vertical frame . I didi appreciate the extra paper that included .
 This product is the best and easiest scrapbook kit I have ever used . Unfortunately it is no longer carried at Epson .
 This has been well worth the money . It is a program that is easy to use and the results are beautiful . I put together a book full of memories for our 1st wedding anniversary . I have purchased more since then . They make great personalized gifts for everyone . I love this product .
 to make your own memory book . I was able to make one and change some factors to personalize it , easily . I bought another to make for another gift .
 After my Mother passed away , I wanted a way to create some sort of a tribute to her I could share with my family.I had ordered a new epson printer and this product came free with it . I spent the requisite time reading and experimenting with it . My first attempts worked wonderfully , which left me with the extra book cover and sheets . Due to the sober concept of the book , I used no captions or titles , which the product allowed . This is not MS Publisher , and is n't intended to be that type of a product . It IS a product that allows you to import photo 's , do some touching up and minor cropping , and leaves you with a very professionally hardbound book of memories.I am ordering a couple more now to send to other family members.Bruce D. Meyer
 I used the StoryTeller Photo Book to create a keepsake of a family reunion and visit to see my new niece . The StoryTeller Photo Book was very easy to use and created a near-professional looking product . It included simple photo correction capability , wonderful layout templates , and everything you need to make a book in a few hours or more . The long cover and 8x10 pages printed perfectly on my HP Photosmart 2610 printer . I gave the book to my mother and she absolutely loved it . It is a much better than a photo album for displaying photos.However , the software is somewhat limiting . Even though the book styles and artistic layouts are good , it would be great to have more variety . You can not limit the number of photos in a given layout or resize the area of a picture on a page . If you need full artistic control , you may find this frustrating . As others have mentioned , you must buy the software along with the book materials for each new project . Limitations notwithstanding however , I intend to buy a few more and then wait for product improvements .
 Microsoft has released another version of its penultimate Integrated Development Environment . Forgive me if I am not as excited as I was for 2002 . I love Visual Studio and I love . NET , but there just is n't enough `` new '' in 2003 to warrant spending money on a new Visual Studio.With VS 2005 coming out next year , if you are already using VS 2002 , just wait for 2005 . If you 're still in the pre - . NET days -LRB- e.g. VS 6 -RRB- , spend the time better training and preparing yourself for the upgrade .
 If this is the `` penultimate '' -LRB- second to last -RRB- , then what is the newest version ? Is 2005 out yet ? If not , then 2003 is the ultimate version , and 2002 is the penultimate .
 This is a great item ! Love the screen savers and the screen dancers are terrific !
 This product was thoughtfully designed to take advantage of high resolution monitors and CPU 's packed with high capacity processors . The graphics are stunning and the choices allow you to switch it around enough times to prevent overexposure from spoiling the enjoyment . It 's relatively inexpensive and jazzes up your computer screen saver and desktop themes .
 Product came in a timely manner and I love it . Easy to use and fun too .
 I enjoy this program daily and so do my kids . The screen saver is awesome .
 Need I say more ? If you want it , get it . It works great .
 extremely helpful and superior graphics and choices to change your computers theme
 I use this system in my office . It has never me a single problem . There are atleast 120 computers running on this progam and not one has had a problem in the last 7 and half months . When a small network crash occured The people Widows were very help and we were up and running with in two hours . I also have this at my house for gaming . It runs incredibly fast . I have no problem running anygames . This product could be the best system out there . The only problem i have encountered is it slows down older computer . I installed it on my wife 's computer and could take anywhere from 3 to 7 minutes to boot up . I suggest a dell computer , they work with microsoft and this may come already installed .
 I have never experienced software this easy to manipulate . It was a breeze to install . A breeze to use , and has been a great deal of fun for all of my family . My 1 yr . old granddaughter is very fond of the fish . My 2 year old grandadughter is ehthralled by DaVinci 's inventions . The rest of us `` old folks '' are just plain super pleased . You finally made something to be proud of , Microsoft !!!!
 I have read most of the reviews presented about this product . I agree with all of them even the negative one star reviews . It is not for everyone . But it has some good features.I started to think about it and I sort of like it . In fact I like it enough that I am now looking to get it again . You see I am a person that has built my own computers and I do upgrade . So I have put this product on a number of computers and I have now a newer laptop that I wanted to do some MP3 copying and down loading.But Microsoft only allows you so many installations then if you go over you have to buy another license . This is my only dislike about the product , That Microsoft owns it.I was not sure I would like the dancers But I really do . They are sort of fun and entertaining . Then there are the screen savers that upgrade the XP screen savers and themes , are sort of cool . I change them often because I can , and they are really cool.I can see where the dancers can be too silly for a lot of people , and I agree with the neg reviews that they can be a pain . But they are easy to halt and easy to reactivate.The movie conversion is great as I can convert a full length movie to a SD chip and play it on my PDA . I have used this on ocation when I have needed to wait for meetings of appointments etc. . I would say it is not for everyone . It does take time and a number of SD cards and some planning . But this is the best way I have found to copy movies to PDA.My main reason against this product is that is a Microsoft Product and Bill et al , want all of the money they can squeeze from anyone who uses thier precious Windows.But what choices do we have .
 Just a word of caution - if you 're planning on using the Audio Conversion section of the Microsoft Plus Digital Media Editon to convert WMA files to MP3 files , this wo n't work out of the box if you have WMP10 on your system -LRB- you will get an error noting an `` incompatible codec '' -RRB- . This is a known issue with Microsoft and they have a patch that you need to download from them . It 's a small , simple patch to download and install -LRB- but you have to look for it - hint
 Xp Plus ! Pack is full of cool features that maybe should have been included in the Full Version release of Windows XP.The 3 fish demo in the XP Plus ! is actually just part of a Full Version of a program called Marine Aquarium 2.0 . Jim Sachs , the creator of the Marine Aquarium screen saver is not affiliated with Microsoft and does not receive a dime from sales of the XP Plus ! Pack . Some time ago , Microsoft spotted our Marine Aquarium and was so impressed at the way the program utilizes Microsoft 's Direct 3D technology they contacted Jim who agreed to create a 3 fish version as a show piece for the XP Plus ! Pack . In return , Jim 's product is exposed to millions of XP users who can purchase the full Deluxe Marine Aquarium if they are so inclined.Please see Question # 8 I have the XP Plus ! Pack CD with your Marine Aquarium on it . Do I have to buy a Keycode ? at : http://www.serenescreen.com/support/faq.phpThe full version of Marine Aquarium is even better than the XP Plus ! verion.Maroot
 The product has very good themes and screen savers . Some the other functions are not useful to me but hopefully I will use them in the future .
 Microsoft Plus for XP is a nice Addition . It was Fantastic , it did n't have as many different games and screen savers as I thought it was going to but it was still a plus to XP . I would buy it again . It has extra things that I will probably not ever use . But if you are a audio and visual buff , you will probably love it !
 Does all the things Microsoft claims it will -- the Analog Recorder is what you use to record old LPs digitally , and is very good , for example -LRB- cleans up most of the annoying ticks and pops -RRB- -- and is normally reasonably priced , but even better when Amazon gives it to you at half off !
 This is an excellent addon to Windows XP and has some features to enhance audio recording and Media Player . It is a worthwhile addition to enhance the Windows experience .
 The screensavers and themes are great and the games are awesome . I love Photostory !
 My screen saver is now a aqarium with colorful fish , when I play music there is a girl who is dancing with the music . There is many new things that I can add . I lick this new program .
 This product is a good product and it does some cool stuff on it . It does photo slideshows , -LRB- screensavers and games -RRB- , home movies , digital photos , music , movies , digital music , -LRB- stunning screensavers and themes -RRB- , amazing photo slideshows , and exciting games .
 I still have it but I have not used it . But it 's a product that was highly recommended so I can not say anything negative about it . If you need what it supplies , get it .
 This software really shows off the power of your XP . Visually it is amazing . I am not so sure I would catagorize it as a must unless your computer is just for fun . For those of us with work to do the appeal wears off pretty quick .
 This software works great , was easy to install and makes recording my old albums and tapes onto my computer a breeze . This is exactly what I was looking for and would recommend it to anyone interested .
 I came so close in returning this purchase ; however , with a few days of trying to understand how to install this program -LRB- it is not intuitive at all !! -RRB- it really works well . The space screensaver is worth the price of the package itself ; it is really spectacular with scenes of the space station against the Earth . Also , the Acquarium screensaver is also astonishing ! I have not even looked at the other add-ons that are available . I think this program really requires a very fast machine and definitely the latest and greatest video card .
 I 'm really happy with my purchase of the Microsoft Plus ! SuperPack for Windows XP . I especially like the themes that come with this package . I have not yet tried working with the digital medica edition . I 'm sure it will work great .
 Really Cool . Great Themes for your PC . Great tools to use . My Sister is buying it because she saw it on my PCvery cool !
 This super pack was loaded on a computer I used at work and I loved it enough to buy it for my home computer . It 's great and adds variety to mouse pointer , screen saver , and wallpaper .
 I really love this program . There is something for everyone , included with this . I found it to be a definate value , for the price .
 It was a good pack for windows XP gave you some cool features for addons Stuff not even Vista has yet .
 This is a must have for users who think XP needs a little boost to enhance itself . I think it is the best add-on I have found for XP
 I bought this copy to replace one I `` loaned '' to a friend , so that should tell you that it 's popular !
 Purchased for the extra screen saver , and got a whole lot more . THanks Microsoft.One more thing , a photo editor would be a great addition .
 Microsoft Plus ! for Windows has been performing better than I expected . The software does exactly what I was looking for.Dick
 I was very excited to find this product - specifically the Analog recorder . I have several old music cassettes ; most of which are no longer available on tape or CD . Since they were in tape format , it was only a matter of time until the , some 20 years old , cassettes deteriorated . My son-in-law , who is my family 's computer guru , advised me of this software . Once I installed it , he helped me get my levels worked out - the only real difficulty I experienced . I 'm sure we 'll enjoy the rest of the software package , but for now the few dollars were well spent for this one application . Thank you so much !
 If you like cool tools and the BEST Screensaver that you will ever see , you have to get this add on for Microsoft Windows XP the Screensaver 's and Themes are built for your Microsoft Windows Operating System . You will be pleased that you spent the money for this software
 I am very happy with it but it does n't live up to my expectations.I also have the reg . Plus for XP and I really do n't think the extra money is worth it . If I were to do over I would still have bought the Plus superpack for XP but not the regular Plus just because I do have a Media Center PC . If I did n't have that the regular Plus for XP would have been just fine .
 This software package was all that it promised to be . I 've used it to transfer albums and cassette recordings to CD and the end result sounds great .
 Most of this stuff should have come free with windows . i mostly bought it because i needed the alarm as a backup because my husband always forgets to set our alarm after he gets up . It has some nice product but truth most of them i hav n't even touch yet i looked at them but said when would i ever use that.I mean plus party mode for media player and plus dancer their funny for a time but you get tired of a dancer on your scream doing the same moves over and over again . I hope this help some .
 Add enhancements on your Windows XP with this package!I have tried the games ; Labyrinth , Bowling , and Russian Square . They are awesome ! Play Russian Square requires you think fast and sharp while Labyrinth and Bowling needs your accuracy in moving the mouse . They are fun to be played on your spare time.For music , you will get some enhancements on your Windows Media Player -LRB- WMP -RRB- . You 'll get new skins and visualization . They are cool enough to make you willing to show them off to your friends . You 'll also get voice command on your WMP . Its fun to command your PC `` DJ , Play ! '' or `` DJ , play artist Michael Jackson ! '' . You 'll also have CD Labels , Party Mode , Alarm , Dancers , and some more for your WMP.You can make use of Windows Movie Maker or Photo Story to combine all your artwork and improve it to make it great to be shown to friends and family.Overall , this package contains lots of enhancements that may be useful for you .
 This plus product is a great value and its a lot of fun ! I like its screen savers and themes , and I also made an incredible photo slideshow for our wedding reception . I also like being able to edit my home movies . They should charge $ 50 for this , but I am glad to get it for $ 29 . = -RRB-
 Nice package for extras for Windows XP . Just remember it required a lot of memory when installing .
 I have transferred many cassettes to my computer , then to CD . Very easy to use .
 This product is great , however it does not give you appealing template especially in creating CD lables .
 i like this program in themes and in back grounds and desktop danceresits have many thinks great and the media or mp3 onverter it help all the people to use and make the computer great in display
 i DID NOT NEED ALL THE FEATURES OF THIS PRODUCT but liked the thems for the desktop that it produced . would like to see a version with just desktop themes
 I wanted this product primarily to convert old records and cassette tapes to digital format and then to burn them to CD 's . The product is absolutely great for this . While lacking the many controls , and their complications , of more expensive programs , Microsoft Plus ! is simple and entirely adequate for simple conversion . It also removes pops and hisses making the finished product much better than the original . Much of the other features -LRB- dancing figures , ridiculous skins , games -RRB- are just fluff . While many may appreciate these things I find them an annoyance I can easily do with out . Having said all this I would recommend Microsoft Plus ! to anyone wanting to do various types of music format conversion .
 Good product . Comes as 2 Discs , the first one has the screen savers and games and themes and such . This disc can be installed on many computers and requires no security key . The second disc is Microsoft Plus Media Edition which comes with an alarm clock , dancers , some photo and CD stuff . This requires the key and can only be installed on one computer . I like the aquarium one myself , even has noises and looks cool going from day to night . Can also add on to the dancers via the Microsoft Webpage .
 This set is a steal ! You get both Plus ! DME and Plus ! For XP in the box on two CD 's for this price.I love the games and themes , plus Photostory.If you have XP on a new PC , get this to accommendate it off right.There 's all kinds of goodies gallore ; from skins to games , to even turning records to MP3 !
 I like the product with one exception . When I purchased it , it was my understanding that more fish for the aquarium screen saver could be downloaded from the Microsoft website . Such does not seem to be the case . This may seem trivial except that the aquarium screen saver was my main motivation for the purchase !
 WOW ! I put this product in great company . The software catagories that have changed my life are : EmailSpread SheetsWord ProcessorsQuicken -LRB- bill pay -RRB- Tivo -LRB- control of my TV viewing -RRB- and now Photoshop Album . It has made all those pictures usable . The problem is now getting the pictures into the computer . The ways I can slice and pice my pictures is just plain amazing.Two of my friends just had twins and I can now click on their names and favorites then watch a great slide show of them growing up . AMAZING !!! The tags are stored in an Access DB , so you are not locked into what they provide . I expect a bunch of external solutions to do great things with this . I hope Adobe publishes the specs for the DB , but I doubt that will stop anyone.This product is so good than its $ 49 is going to cost me thousands . After I got done catagorizing all my digital photos I decided that I needed all my paper photos online -LRB- a ... scanner with photo feeder -RRB- . Then I ran out of disk space -LRB- a new hard drive ... -RRB- . I need to get some backup system -LRB- firewire hard drive ... -RRB- . Finally , I need a better digital -LRB- ... -RRB- . For most people the ... will do.This is certainly a 1.0 product . I want so much more and there are a bunch of things that bother me , but I am addicted to it . Noone with large numbers of photos should be without it .
 I did not want this product . My husband bought it and thought it would be a good way to store the increasing number of digital photos on our computer . I liked my file folder system I already had . But once he taught me how to use it , I love it !! All the photos are right there to view . You can search by who is in the photo , there is a timeline at the top to view them by , etc. . It took some time to classify all the existing photos , but it has been worth the time .
 My only issue is that it does n't support multiple computers . I would like to copy pictures from my notebook to home computer and keep the tags associated .
 I bought Photoshop Album software about six weeks ago and absolutely love it . It 's easy to use , installed perfectly with Win 98 , and I have had no problems with it at all . I also have Photoshop Elements 2.0 but prefer to use Album because of it 's ease of use and features . I use the software for digital images as well as scanned images from family film photos . Slide shows are great as well as the tagging system.I 've seen some critical reviews of this software but these run counter to my experience which has been totally positive . Highly recommend this product !
 Pros : - Fast thumbnails caching - Original and convenient tagging system -LRB- better than folders and categories -RRB- - Useful timeline - PDF exportCons : - No tooltip/caption shown in thumbnails mode - Online services hang most of the times - UI is not very intuitive and too cluttered - Context menus are among the longest I 've seen!Wish list : - More fun and user-frendly UI -LRB- see Picasa.net -RRB- - VideoCD with option to create menus - Ability to add frames to pictures
 I had the first version too and with the rebate decided to go ahead and upgrade.Like many people I have a couple of digital cameras and have had them for 3 years . I have built up about 2500 + pictures and was having a hard time storing them with just a standard file system . PS Album changes all of that . It will allow you to create tags for all of your pictures allowing you to easily search for the picture you want.As example I just went to my brother 's wedding and took about 160 pics . If I want to find a picture of my grandmother there rather than having to look at all 160 of them I just choose two tags - `` Jeff 's Wedding and Grandmother '' and it brings up all three pictures of grandmother at the wedding.Now you do have to tag your pictures , and it probably took me about 2 weeks when I first got the software to tag all of my old pictures . However if you do it as you go it is very quick and intuitive . And it makes finding a few pictures so much easier if you have a lot of them like I do.My machine is decent but not great . I have a P4 1.6 Ghz with 640 MB Ram . I have no problems what so ever browsing up all of my pictures at once . Most of them were taken with a 5 MP camera and average about 1.5 MB a piece . However as you browse them you are only looking at thumbprints and so it is really pretty quick.To summarize this software is very easy to use and I would n't want to be without it .
 This is a brilliant concept -- a relational database hidden behind a simple-to-use home consumer program!I can `` tag '' all my photos and then search for them by a single tag , multiple tags together , date , timeline , calendar layout , caption -- just about any which way I want . And tagging all my photos did n't take nearly as long as was afraid it would , because by using the control or shift key I could tag multiple photos with single or multiple tags , all in one click and drag of the icon -LRB- s -RRB- . What I love about this program : -- The easy and fast tagging system , as described above . -- The metafile info , which allows me to see why some photos turned out and others did n't . -- The calendar view , which allows me to visualize which photos were taken on which day , and which day produced which photos . -- Seeing all my photos quickly and easily . There 's no long wait for thumbnails or previews to appear when searching my hard drive for that one photo I want . -- The quick and easy editing tools , which are geared to the average home consumer . You do n't need to know a lot about the technical aspects of editing photos in order to fix them . -- The intuitive nature of the program . A previous reviewer did n't like the `` kindergarten '' icons , but this is a simple consumer program . It 's not rocket science.MINOR drawbacks : -- The tag categories are fixed , though you can create your own subcategories . My guess is that this will be changed in future versions , as this seems to be a common complaint . -- I had to play around with print settings in order to figure out how to print borderless prints on my HP 7350 . I succeeded by selecting `` 4x6 size '' and unclicking the `` Clip to ... '' box in the Layout dialog box . For a while , I was afraid this problem would be a deal breaker but it just took some experimentation.MAJOR drawback , for the more advanced consumer user : -- Lossy JPEGs !!! When photos are edited with Photoshop Album , they are resaved as JPEGs , thereby losing quality . I want to be able to edit a photo with PSA 's easy tools , and then save the edited photo in a lossless format . I know I can open my Photoshop program from within PSA , make my edits , and then save the file as a . psd . But then I ca n't take advantage of the no-brainer tools in PSA . I 'm hoping that future versions will have a choice of formats for saving edits . Are you listening , Adobe?My bottom line is that this is an easy-to-use consumer program for those who want to organize their photos with a hidden yet powerful database -LRB- or who do n't even know what a database is ! -RRB- , and who do n't want to learn to use advanced photo-editing software . This program is for the grandma and grandpa who are novice computer users , for the point-and-shoot photographers , and for anyone who wants to organize all their photos . More advanced users will want to do their editing in Photoshop or Photoshop Elements from within PSA . That seems like a fine trade-off for the ability to organize and find photos quickly and easily , to me .
 I am a home user/photo enthusiast , and I bought Album to manage approximately 2,100 digital images -LRB- and growing fast -RRB- generated by digital cameras and by scanning older film-based photos . I think this is a fabulous utility for non-professionals , and sets the standard for what other photo organizers must aspire to . Compared with the Canon Image Browser program that came with my G2 and S230 cameras , and there is simply no contest
 I 've played with a handful of photo organizer apps and most fall in to two camps
 Adobe Photoshop Album is , in a word , fabulous . First it helps you in finding all your photos . A Photoshop Album catalog can , according to the included Readme document , contain up to 50,000 images -LRB- if you need to catalog more pictures , my hat is off to you -- but do n't worry as you can create multiple catalogs -RRB- . You can tell it to simply scan an entire drive for images , or you can use the enhanced routines to collect photos from your hard disk , digital camera , scanner , or CD.Once Adobe Photoshop Album knows where your pictures are , you can begin cataloging them . Adobe 's software engineers have made a forward leap in `` ease of use '' by converting a sophisticated keyword database into a simple drag and drop tagging system . The tags are simple -LRB- and dare I say fun ? -RRB- to make . Once built , they can be effortlessly drag-and-dropped into one or many photos . Images can have as many tags as you need . Since the tags use tiny photo-image icons -LRB- that you can select and edit -- hence the ` fun ' -RRB- you can see at a glance which one you 're looking for . The tagging system is cool to use and very functional.After an image is tagged and dated , finding pictures becomes a dream come true . Want to seek out pictures of a person ? Just click the box by their tag . Want to find all the pictures of your kids at grandma 's house ? Assuming you 've created and added the right tags , just click-click . Want to find all the pictures taken during the week of a vacation ? Just use the on-screen timeline , or even a very-familiar looking calendar interface . -LRB- The fact that the calendar interface looks like a nice wall calendar is indicative of how much work Adobe 's team put into the user interface -RRB- . Although it shines at digital image cataloging , the software fell a bit short when it was time to catalog my collection of scanned images . There are no tags or shortcuts for dating photos . Since I wanted to change the picture 's catalog date from the file date -LRB- i.e , when I scanned it -RRB- to the actual date -LRB- when it was taken -RRB- , I had to go through a fairly cumbersome series of mouse clicks . Some of the super-usability shown in the tagging system could have gone into dating photos.Adobe Photoshop Album includes a decent set of editing tools . You can select a variety of `` one click fixes '' to sharpen the image or adjust levels . There are other tools for more controlled adjustments , such as brightness and contrast sliders , and hue and saturation sliders . I will say these basic tools are very well implemented , and you can make a basic fix -- say , crop , brighten and sharpen -- extremely quickly . If you need more fine control , Adobe Photoshop Album works well with Adobe Photoshop Elements -LRB- and , I am sure , Photoshop itself -RRB- . I presume it can be set to work with other photo editors.Beyond cataloging , Photoshop Album offers a set of tools to share the images through email , slideshows , photo albums . The email option works only with Hotmail and Outlook Express , which is unfortunate for Netscape , Mozilla and Eudora users . It can even burn video CDs . As well as printing your photos , it will help you create and print greeting cards and calendars as well . Finally you can share photos using something called Adobe Atmosphere Gallery . The last is an impressive , if rather bizarre , tool to put your images up on the virtual walls of a virtual 3-D gallery.Adobe Photoshop album offers an easy link to printing your photos through an online service . However , although right now the only service the program offers me is Shutterfly . Since I use Ofoto , I 'll go ahead and keep uploading photos the old-fashioned way.Adobe Photoshop album will back up your photos onto CD-R , CD-RW or DVD , which is probably good for people who do n't otherwise back up their photo collection . In fact , given it 's ability to work with digital cameras and scanners , email and the Web , your printer and online printing services , and CDs and DVD 's , Adobe Photoshop Album could honestly be the only photo software you need . Users who want greater editing resources will need a more powerful imaging program , but this software can certainly do everything else.If possible , I probably would have given Adobe Photoshop Album four and a half stars . With a large collection of scanned family photos , dating them for inclusion in the catalog is an unnecessarily tedious chore . However , the software is exceptional in all other respects and I was happy to round up instead of down . A fine , fine program .
 The more I use this product the more I like it . I think the beauty is in its simplicity . If you are planning on using this program alone for picture management , it will do very well . It has some concepts that I think are very good :1 -RRB- Image tagging for easy retrieval2 -RRB- Archival so you can put pictures on CDs and later access them3 -RRB- Backup facility4 -RRB- Simple photo touching capabilities to fix many problems -LRB- red eye , dark pictures , etc -RRB- .5 -RRB- Your editing of pictures never affects the original -LRB- important to me -RRB- 6 -RRB- You can plug in other editors -LRB- i.e Elements , Paint Shop Pro -RRB- 7 -RRB- Nice interface to get the pictures from the camera/hard drive/Flash card directly8 -RRB- Slide show creator9 -RRB- Automatic email with picture resizing -LRB- tweakable -RRB- 10 -RRB- Information display about the picture characteristics -LRB- when taken , aperture , speed , flash , etc. -RRB- 11 -RRB- Very nice time line and search capabilities12 -RRB- Multiple catalogs -LRB- can work on only one at a time -RRB- 13 -RRB- Single interface to all your pictures regardless of what directory they are in -LRB- or CD -RRB- 14 -RRB- Export capabilities to take the pictures of an album and put them together in one placeMake sure you download the 1.0.1 update since 1.0 was buggy . It also has some annoyances :1 -RRB- Tagging system is a bit rigid2 -RRB- Hard to work in a network environment3 -RRB- If you start moving the files outside of Album things get ugly fast . You pretty much have to make a commitment to it.I suggest you download the trial from the Adobe site . It gives you the capabilities for 250 pictures and 1 catalog . Whatever work you do under the trial will transfer to the retail version . If you want simple and dont want to mess with directories , this program might do the trick for you .
 This is a very good program and the best when it comes to cataloging your photos . The tag system makes it very easy to find photos once you 've taken the time to tag them . For instance , if you tag the photos , you can then find pictures of baby 1-2 months old , or the baby and grandma , etc. . The `` Fix '' tools are also good basic tools that are a must to enhance digital photos . If you want a more robust photo editor buy Photoshop Elements , but for the basic color enhancements , etc. this works great .
 This is a wonderful , easy to use , product for managing digital photographs . I have almost 5,000 digital photographs on my computer and find Adobe Photoshop Album to be an excellent tool for cataloging and using my pictures . The ` Fix ' section has the best red eye reduction I have seen anywhere . The printing functions work well and the extra , ` fun ' things like the 3-D galleries and creating albums are terrific . As soon as I saw how great this was I urged my husband to buy a copy as well . My only complaint is that the price dropped several dollars as soon as I bought mine !
 I recently purchased Photoshop Album and it works fine for me . The box recommends 256MB of RAM . I have 384MB and it runs smoothly -LRB- extra ram is such a cheap way to improve computer performance -RRB- . I suspect those who have had so much trouble with this program have just 128MB of RAM , and that is n't enough . My CPU is a Pentium III at 450 MZ with Windows XP , and this works fine .
 The organizational method of tagging picture -LRB- s -RRB- with as many or as few tags as you 'd like is the perfect way to organize thousands of photos . There just is n't anything else out there that is up to the task . Anyone who says differently either has n't tried it , or just does n't understand the concept.True , PSA is a 1.0 , consumer product , so there are some things that could be improved and strengthened to a higher -LRB- professional -RRB- level ... I strongly agree that the default categories should be changeable/removeable , but in all honestly , the people , places , events and other categories are right on the money for what most people need starting out . Given Adobe 's track record , I 'm sure that any problems will be solved in time . -LRB- Compare Photoshop 1.0 to the current version -RRB- In the mean time , it does everything I need and more . Besides tagging , I also love the calendar view , photo-book creations -LRB- orderable online directly through PSA -RRB- and the tight integration with Photoshop 7 and Elements 2 . Three cheers for Adobe Photoshop Album !!!
 Love this product . I can finally manage my digital camera pictures at ease . The best thing about this software is it 's easy to use do n't need to read the manual to use this .
 This program is a GREAT photo organizer . It makes it easy to classify photos as many ways as you want -LRB- multiple tags are just fine -RRB- , and it is a piece of cake to find the photos later . If that is all you use it for , you are in good shape.However , it is obvious that this program was meant to be used with another photo retoucher . For instance , I tried to use the red-eye reducer . It was unresponsive -LRB- and I have a pretty high-end machine -RRB- , and it completely destroyed the skin tones on my photos.My suggestion is to bring the photos in from the camera to a photo editor -LRB- I recommend , and use , Microsoft Picture It ! Digital Image Pro -RRB- , and then when you are done there , suck the photos into Adobe for organizing.If Album were integrated into Photoshop Elements , Adobe would have a killer product .
 I 've had the program for a few days now and I 've been experimenting with a small dataset to see how it works . So far everything has worked perfectly . I like the tags . I love the fact that I can redate the ancient photos I scanned last week so they have reasonably good dates attached to them.Great program .
 Ok I 'll admit it , I had over 20 unlabled , partly full CD-ROMs thrown carelessly on -LRB- or under -RRB- my desk . Each of these CDs had many treasured pictures stored on them and I had no way of locating them , short of semi-randomly sticking one in the drive and opening the preview program that came with my camera . That was before!Photoshop Album has allowed my to quickly oirganize my CDs . It prompts you to name each of your off hard-drive media so it can be identified later -LRB- I write this on the disck in sequential order -RRB- . The CDs are scanned for new pictures and placed in a holding area so you can catorgize each picture . You add `` Tags '' to each of of the pictures via a handy `` drag and drop '' interface . It is easy to make new tag groups and subgroup tags and pictures can have several tags assigned.I was able to do over 6,000 pictures over one weekend . It is easy to use and finding your pictures is as easy as selecting the catagory -LRB- ies -RRB- you want and they are displayed . Since it only stores a thumbnail on the hard-drive , when you select on that is stored on a CD , you are given the CD name to insert . Very simple !
 What a great piece of software ! It 's simple to use and makes organization a breeze . You must use it to believe it . The adjustment portion of the software is basic , but that 's all many will ever need . I use Photoshop 7.0 and can simply drag photos from Album into it after locating them.There 's no more endless searching for photos.Look under the proper category or subcategory , or date , and Album will show you thumbnails of all that have been tagged.It 's easy to tag them too.It may take a little time to tag your existing photos , if you have thousands as I do . But download your photos through Album and you will organize them as you go.It 's one of the best buys I have seen in a long time . If you do digital , you need Adobe Photoshop Album .
 My buddy Renato turned me on to Adobe Photoshop Album . At first I was n't too impressed , but the more I used it the more I started liking it . As far as a way to catalog photos it works really well and is easy to use . However , it remains to be seen if it 's really any better than just managing folders . The real benefits are what you can do with your photos once you import them into the catalog . For starters the Fix Photo options are better than I expected . The single click red eye removal works great , the ability to adjust lighting , brightness/contrast and color saturation are all big pluses . You can give color photos a black and white effect very easily and can enhance dull photos by adjusting the sharpness . All in all the fix photos options get a thumbs up.Next up are the all the cool things you can do with the Creations menu option . The coolest thing for me is the Web Photo Gallery . I post a lot of pictures to the web and this makes it so much easier than having to manually create the html . Thumbnails are automatically created and you can choose your design from a variety of stock templates -LRB- the ability to create custom templates would have been nice -RRB- . The one drawback to the Web Gallery is there seems to be no way to share resources across galleries . If you want to create 2 galleries and use the same template you can not specify the same directory to put the GIFs and JPGs . So that means you have to store multiple versions of the same files on your web server . The good part is that the files take up a relatively small amount of space -LRB- but if disk space is an issue this does n't help -RRB- . You can create slide shows that offer a nice alternative to the slideshow capability in Windows XP . The 3D gallery with its mood music is really cool , but the pictures are not a clear as when you view the in the catalog . You can create calendars and all kinds of other happy hoo-haw . Adobe Photoshop Album is definitely a fun product to play with and is worth the few sheckles it costs you .
 Adobe does it again . Photoshop Album is a worthy Adobe product . It 's so intuitive and well-made that it feels like you 've used this product before . Perfect for managing your photos and creating photobased projects ! Love the slide show feature -LRB- better than MS Plus ! Photo Story -- in implementation -RRB- . Of course being version 1.0 , there are some areas where things can be more polished -LRB- like thumbnail redraw performance -RRB- . Great job Adobe !
 First let me say this is a great program for what it does - organizing photos . I have used PSA for a week now and it does everything it says it does ! I have created all my own tags , easy . -LRB- right click on existing tags & choose create new subcatagory . -RRB- And , yes , you can save in other formats beside jpeg , I edit with PS 7 , save as tiff & you can still use PSA 's no-brainer editing . Bugs ? What Bugs ? I have not experienced any . -LRB- Adobe.com has a update -RRB- I have separate hard drive for my photos & PSA keeps everything there ! It makes e-mailing photos a breeze ! Last Saturday night was my daughters Prom night , took pics & e-mailed them to family & friends all over the world in minutes . I did n't have to convert them ! My only wish is that PSA did not open all photos on start up . Like I said great for what it does , organizing my thousands of photos !
 I have read some of the previous reviews for this product . I have to say that I have never had any of the problems described.The program is easy to use and my pictures would be lost without it .
 I use PhotoShop Elements 2 , and thought it would be a good addition . It integrates well with this software . It 's great ! Makes downloads from the digital camera and scanner much easier , saving several steps . I highly recommend this if you have lots of photos to scan -LRB- from family archives , etc. -RRB- and scads of new photos from the digital camera . So much easier to find what you are looking for . I recommend it .
 I personally think this is a great product for handling all types of images from those taken by your digital camera and those you scan in . What makes Photoshop Album so amazing is the felxibility it gives you when it comes to managing , organising your images . Organise by type , date , category whatever . With the amazing timeline . It has features for cropping and perfecting photos but these are limited , they are still welcomed . One thing I hoped for though in terms of photo-editing , users who have Photoshop Elements installed on their computer could use the engine to edit photos , instead of having to use the independent tools Photoshop Album . Another feature that I think makes this a winner is the Slide Show feature , which is a must in all Image Management programs . I think this is great value at an economical price because of its image management , photo-editing and slide show , plus many more . This I think is a must have product to have on your computer .
 I 've been using intensely Adobe Photoshop Album for about a week now , and I squeezed it as much as possible -LRB- even obtained some access violation faults with sudden stop of the program -RRB- . I am very pleased with the program , and I will gladly list the reasons for that :1 . It focuses on stability over features - this product , unlike many others , does n't give up quality by masquerading a miriad of creepy features inserted just to steal attention -LRB- and money -RRB- from consumers -LRB- but features that do n't work well -RRB- . Adobe Photoshop Album is not a `` feature rich '' product , but it exhibits an amazing stability for version 1.2 . It is reliable - although not completely bug free -LRB- as I said , I was able to make it stop suddenly -RRB- , it is designed in such a way that you do n't lose your work if it stops unexpectedly . Perhaps they save the data after each change ; if they do so , they do it with amazing speed - practically seamlessly .3 . It is easy to use - you do n't need the manual -LRB- which is very basic in explanations -RRB- . The interface speaks for itself , and everything is under the tip of the mouse pointer .4 . Tagging , searching and sorting is hugely intuitive . The program has some basic tag categories
 Photoshop Album has changed everything for me . I 've been beta testing it for several months now and I am totally sold on Adobe 's approach to photo categorization.This software is great for everyone . If you 're just looking for some basic software that will help you organize your photos simply , Photoshop Album is the perfect tool . You can import photos directly from your camera , and they are automatically organized chronologically , searchable via the convenient , intuitive timeline.For those willing to put a little more time into organizing the photo collection , Photoshop Album 's tagging system is the answer to your dreams . First you set up tags like `` Mom '' , `` Sis '' , `` Egypt '' , `` New Years Eve 2002 '' -LRB- grouped under `` People '' , `` Places '' , and `` Events '' -RRB- . Now , simply drag the corresponding tags onto your photos , and Voila ! Now you can see all photos from `` New Years Eve 2002 '' or all photos of `` Mom '' . You can even see all photos from `` New Years Eve 2002 '' with `` Mom '' in them!Once you have the photos you want to work with , making slideshows , printing or emailing to friends is , again , one click away . You can even fix-up photos to correct red eye , brightness , colours , etc.The software is quick and stable and incredibly intuitive . There 's no doubt the interface team has worked long hours with users to make these new concepts really work . No superfluous bells or whistles ; just solid , creative usability throughout the application.Best of all , this software is incredibly affordable . I would highly recommend this software to anyone who uses a digital camera !
 I have been using adobe products for years now , I really like the approach in this program . I used to sort my photos by folders . Which was time consuming , now I tag them with keywords . I had always run into problems with my naming because I would use such naming routines as xmas02trip.jpg , 2xmas02trip.jpg and so on , now I can tag each photo with the same name . It 's great and I do n't have to keep renaming a , b , c or with numbers.The time line function is really cool also , all I have to know is the date or even near the date I took the photo to be able to find it . I do n't have the need for the touch up tools because I use another program for that , so I ca n't really tell you how that works.It 's basically a great cataloger program . Which gives you a different approach to sorting not just your photos but also video.Another thing I really love about it is you can print multiple photos on one sheet of photo paper without wasting paper . So you can fill up a whole sheet and cut individual photos out.If you are a organizing nut like me , you 'll love it too .
 I had the fortune of trying this product while it was still in beta . And even at that early stage , I found it to be the most intelligent , intuitive , easy-to-use yet efficient program I had tried in any area of computing , not just digital imaging . Its functionality was of course exceptional , in keeping with Adobe 's unparalleled tradition of technological innovation and envelope-pushing . But it is clear , with this product , that Adobe has made a new committment
 To make it short , the catalog piece of the program is every dollar worth I paid for PS Album . I imported 10000 pictured and categorized all of them in 5-6 hours . Now I 'm able to find pictures in seconds . Photoshop Album really set the standard for these tools.Now the downside . Forget everything else around it . The creation features -LRB- Album , calender , Web gallery ... -RRB- are worthless -LRB- at best below average -RRB- . The main problem is the picture quality . For example , to resize a picture for a web site , the program has to use the right settings for sharpening , smoothing etc. . PS Album does a real bad job in this area . Pictures look fuzzy at all sizes and quality settings -LRB- other tools are able to create a brilliant and sharp 50KB resized picture -RRB- The good news is , select you pictures in PS Album -LRB- using the great catalog features -RRB- , drag and drop them into a temporary folder and use tools that do the job .
 This software is fantastic . It does a great job of cataloging your digital image collection . I have nearly 5500 digital images on 6 CDR 's back to 1999 . I love the ability of the software to create a thumbnail -LRB- proxy they call it -RRB- on the PC , while leaving the original image on the CDR . If I want to export , print or work with the original image , the software prompts me and tells me what CDR it is on ! The ability to tag files is incredible . The more effort you put into tagging the files , the better the softwares searches become later . I tagged each of my nearly 5500 files with the people that were in them , the occasion they were taken for AND the location they were taken in -LRB- when it was relevant -RRB- . It took me a total of about 14 hours to go back over my 5500 images since 1999 . It is truly an amazing product .
 I 've tried a few of the other digital picture organization programs , and I must say this is the best one so far . I really like being able to easily send my photos to friends . It also has great integration with online ordering . And it fits in great with other adobe products , fixing up your digital images with photoshop , and sharing with pdf . And if you do n't have photoshop , there is basic image fix up , like taking out red eyes , built in . But the best part of album is how easy it is to use . Everything just makes perfect sense , I got up and running using advanced options without even using the help buttons . It 's definitely the easiest to use digital picture organizer out there .
 Flipping through the reviews of this program I 've seen a lot of negative reviews so I was compelled to write a positive one detailing my experiences with it.First of all , I 've snapped a lot of photos with my digital camera , and I was always losing track of where I was placing them on my hard drive . Every time I took a trip or had a collection of photos , I 'd download them from my camera into a separate folder on my hard drive . Soon I had poorly labeled folders of pictures all over my desktop and in various drives on my computer , it was so hard to keep track . With this software , I can dump all my photos into one folder and forget about renaming each photo file with a descriptive name because with Album , I can browse a catalog of detailed thumbnails of my photos extremely quickly and easily with no load up time . It 's also sorted with a timeline by date so I can grab the timeline slider and view all pictures that were taken during a certain trip for instance . Not only that but it 's got many tools that allow you quickly select a group of photos from your catalog and tag them with various descriptions like like `` landscape '' or `` family '' which then allows you quickly flip through relevant photos in the future.Editing options are well thought out too , it provides all the easy cropping and red-eye tools etc. . I need and saves both an unedited and edited version of my photos so I can go back to the original if need be.Furthermore , the printing options are wonderful too . I can specify what size of prints I want , or even let photoshop create a bundle of sizes of a certain print or collection of prints -LRB- wallet , 8x10 , 5x7 -RRB- and send them to my photo printer . It even tries to save paper by intelligently cramming as many prints as possible onto a single 8x10 piece of paper . It also makes slideshows easily that can be sent to anyone else 's computer , and also links to outlook express and makes it very easy to send vacation pictures etc. to others , even allowing you quickly adjust or cut down on the filesize of your pictures so they fit more easily into an email . Lastly , unlike other people 's experiences , I 've had absolutely no bugs with this software , which is what I would have expected from Adobe.Overall , I 've got Photoshop , and Photoshop elements , but for day to day use of my pictures including cataloging , editing , sorting , printing , and distributing my photos , I have repeatedly turned to Photoshop Album . I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 This is a great product . I am an avid photographer -LRB- hobby , not profession -RRB- and since getting a Nikon scanner two years ago I have several thousand scanned images on hard disc , CD and DVD . Organizing and finding images has been a nightmare . Photoshop Album has allowed me to begin organizing this huge mess . You can attach keywords to image files , along with dates and other descriptive tags . You can do this to images you have on any media -- the images do not all need to be on one hard drive . Then , after the lengthy task of keywording and tagging all fo the images , you have what is basically a huge catalog of images that you can search by any number of various methods , including a timeline that you can scroll through . Photoshop Album will take some patience to setup and get everything cataloged , but once you start you will find that organizing your images is much easier than before . I find this software to be excellent , and it works well with Adobe 's Photoshop .
 I also purchased this photo album together with Adobe elements 2.0 . A nice software to get to make your not so great photos look terrific.again this is great if you are a beginner or experienced web designer .
 Although many people wrote bad reviews for this , I have looked at the trial and am going to buy ASAP . This ia a great product ot orgainze any collection of photos . It is also packed full of features for every user , professional and average day consumer . If you want you can head on over to adobe.com and check ou the trial that has now been released . It is diffinitely worth a look .
 I was looking for a tool so I could easily make slideshows of our digital photos to send to grandparents , family and friends . I was doing pretty well organizing our digital photos , but it was getting tough . I did n't have an EASY way to print the photos , without wasting a lot of expensive photo paper.I love this software!It does practically everything I would want to do with our photos . Before this came out , it would have cost at least twice that to get just a few of these features.It is soooo easy to make slideshows and albums , save them as . pdf , then I dump them on a CD and send them off to family . This is a great way to score with your mother-in-law ! It 's so easy to tag photos . I created a tag for my parents when they were visiting . They quickly looked through the photos and tagged the ones they wanted prints of . Then I just clicked on their tag , said print ... DONEThere are a few bugs , and a few enhancements that would be nice . Considering that this is the first version , it is REALLY GREAT ! I ca n't wait to see what they come up with for Version 2.0 .
 Buy it . Try it . Love it . Pull those pictures out from the shoebox - this program will revolutionize the sharing , organizing , and reminiscing of your photos . If you own a computer , you should own this product . Album has made me an Adobe evangelist .
 ONE OF THE PRINT SHOP SOFTWARES THAT I OWN AND USE . THIS IS REALITIVELY EASY TO USE AND USER FRIENDLY.GOOD INVESTMENT TO GET DESIRED RESULTS .
 Wow . This product gave me the biggest -LSB- thrill -RSB- alive . Talk about an excellent program for anyone with a digital camera . Cudos Adobe , keep up the good work !
 I am writing this because of all the negative reviews stating that this program is weak for editing or making DVDs , etc. . This program , which I have used for many years , in my opinion is intended ONLY for storing photos in a logical way . First , it does not contain the photo images , only a pointer -LRB- shortcut -RRB- to those images which are stored elsewhere on the computer . You can store them in categories and sub-categories or you can access them by a simple time-line for when the photo was taken . If you want to edit the photo , you should use a photo editing program - of which many good ones exist . Once the photo is edited , the `` fixed '' version is now what you see in the PhotoShop Album program . I use Windows `` My Pictures '' file to store all my GOOD photos and PhotoShop Album to store links to the BEST photos - further , this program is what my iTunes -LRB- and my iPod -RRB- link to . It 's a great cataloging program - just do n't use it for editing and say you 're disappointed .
 Granted , I only loaded this up today ... but first impressions say a lot . Within minutes , I was creating tags for the many hundreds -LRB- if not thousands -RRB- of photos I have in a multitude of folders . It will take me a while to tag each photo , but when I 'm done , I will always be able to find what I want instantly . The timeline is very useful too . So far , just the few things I did were well worth the money . If I find any faults , those will be noted later ... Oh , having a robust system definitely is a key !
 I read a lot of comments on this product - both positive and negative - before buying it . I ultimately decided that the range of features offered by Photoshop Album - multiple-CD backup , photo organization/tagging , slideshows , single-click edits and auto-resizing for email - plus the excellent interface and Adobe 's reputation were worth the risk that those who do n't like the product are right . Turns out they 're not . I love the interface , the tagging/organization is easy , fast and simply fabulous . I 'm running the product on a WinXP platform with 256MB of RAM and have had no performance problems whatsoever . This is a great product and I highly recommend it .
 Why would n't anyone want this product?I own Adobe PhotoShop 7 as well but this is a nice little tool for organizing and cleaning up photos . Man , it turns out some great photos and without all the proprietary hoops to jump through.I have the Corel and kodak products as well and this is simple to use and fast .
 Just got it yesterday and very quickly organized over 1,000 digital photos -LRB- 4 years worth ! -RRB- in a single evening . Easy to use and highly recommended . I 've used other photo organization tools and this is the best by far .
 Adobe has finally fired all of it 's programmers ! I know this , because Adobe Photoshop Album actually works like people think.Neat feature
 Confession
 The Good
 I could not believe how quickly this arrived ! I was hoping it would come quickly and it arrived two days before I expected it ! Great service and item arrived as described .
 I got this CD because I 'm thinking about changing jobs and I wanted to see if underwater welding was for me.I do n't think I want to do this job now , but I have no complaints about the disk . They claimed that it was going to teach me anything and everything I needed to know about deep sea welding - and this CD certainly did that.While I 'd like a slightly less dangerous job in my future , if this sounds like soemthing you 'd like to do , you might as well order this disk . It will certainly give you a perspective on the job !!!!!
 I bought this CD for my slacker brother so that he 'll maybe get off the couch and do something better than working at Friendly 's . It made him realize that he does n't have to get stuck in a job , he can really have a career.I do n't think he 'll become an underwater welder , but it 's nice to know that t here are things like this out there that can show people that they can learn to do something with their life other than eating Doritos and watching Lost.Now , if he can just get himself a job .
 I have been using this software since version 3.0 . Now I run 4.4 and it is the best one yet . I run it with 3 TV tuner cards and can record up to 3 shows at the same time and my PC is not the newest or greatest -LRB- P4 2.5 , 1 GB Ram and 300 GB hard drive -RRB- . I tied TIVO but like this software much better . Can download the shows to my laptop and watch it whenever .
 I 've been using beyond tv since version 3.5 and I love it . I 've never had any real problems with it and they keep adding great features like being able to make podcasts from TV shows you record -LRB- love not having to pay to get TV shows on my ipod/zune -RRB- and drive pooling so your management of storage is minimal.I have found that the beefier the system the better your results will be . I started with a lower end system and everything worked but I missed out on some of the stuff like the transparent overlays and such . But now I have a bigger system -LRB- by no means top of the line -RRB- and I get all the benefits of the software .
 I love this application . I 've been a user since the 3.x version and mainly use it to record movies and burn them to DVDs . I 've never had any problems , never noticed any bugs . The recording quality is great . The functionality for searching and setting up future recordings is simple to use . I also have a TiVo/DVD box -LRB- Humax -RRB- ... but use this more than it , because it 's easier to get a commercial-free DVD.My system
 I have had Tivo for years , and I have built my own PVR using BeyondTv . none of the other PVR 's , be it Dish , DirecTV , or Comcast , come close to what Tivo is . BeyondTv is different . I started with BeyondTv 3.5 , and now have 4.61 . The features that make BeyondTv great are many . The TV listing updates are free . This is what Tivo makes their money on , but it is not what makes Tivo the greatest PVR on the planet . Beyond TV comes close with its ability to process recorded programs , and coupled with a Firefly remote , it can skip commercials with a simple push of the remote control.The interface is very nice , the features are plentiful and relevent . I have a Dell 4800 that I added a second hard drive , BeyondTv , Firefly , and a WinTV card , that make an excellent Tivo replacement . So if you want to forget about the Tivo fee 's , but still want one of the best PVR 's on the planet , go this route . If you want the very best of the best , get Tivo .
 This product is soooo cool.I am currently using it w / a hauppauge card and an ati tv wonder card . This one application will support multiple cards -LRB- as many as you can fit -RRB- and can record shows just like other set top boxes . It also sets up a web server that allows you to access any tv shows and download them from across the network and set recordings . As if thats not enough you can also log into -LSB- ... -RSB- and add shows when your away from your home network . This software IS PERFECT . Do not waste any more time and BUY THIS .
 I made the mistake of purchasing a new machine with XP 64bit and had problems finding a tv tuner and software that would work with the operating system . I installed the ATI TV Wonder 650 -LRB- software truly sucks -RRB- and downloaded the trial version of Beyond TV4 , version 4.4 & 4.5 . I LOVE IT ! It is the best combination of hardware and software that I have used . Beyond TV is very easy to get up and running so that you can start recording your favorite shows right then.I have had no problems with this software at all -LRB- even on XP 64bit -RRB- and would highly recommend it !!!
 I searched around through the free and pay pc dvr programs . This was by far the best one I found . Set up was relatively simple compared to others and preforms exactly as advertised ! Picture quality is good . Especially , if you use Nvidia 's video decoder . The remote that is included works great and the firefly mini is compatible with harmony remotes .
 In conjunction with the Hauppauge WinTV-PVR150 , this software product is great . Although I have not tried SageTV , I have used CT-PVR and GB-PVR . This product was much easier to set-up and the user interface is very friendly . If I could give it 10 stars , I would .
 I read some of these reviews , and the bugs reported I just do not see at all . Bear in mind though that the company submits regular bug fixes and free updates , so these problems reported here may have been fixed already . I am currently on 4.4 I have only had one major problem with the product that had to do with my TV card 's IR Blaster , which I can not truly blame on Beyond TV.Beyond TV is great and has many features that work great . They list them on their website , but do a comparison with other products carefully . There may be features you can live without in one that are critical to you in the others.Beyond TV , for example , is sadly missing two features its competitors have , and these are features I would pay for .1 . It does not allow you to set up recordings by theme . That is hard to describe totally , but many products out there have the abililty to let you tell the software to find and record , say , all movies with Woody Allen , no matter when they occur . Beyond TV will find them in their search utility , but makes you program them for recording one by one . Rather lame .2 . A less important missing feature , but a kind of cool one , is the ability to recommend shows based on your likes and dislikes . I do n't care much it is missing this feature , but if you want it , there are products that compete well with Beyond TV that have it.That said , the product is solid . I have had a couple of recordings mess up , but I do n't think there is a perfect DVR out there . My old Replay TV had problems along that line on occasion too.Being able to program your recordings over the internet is cool too . But I think others do this as well . However , Beyond TV checks every half an hour or so and downloads the newly programmed recordings from the snapsteam.net website , so you can remotely program a show within an hour of its start and likely get it recorded just dandy.One final complaint about the product is it is slow . The interface is very slow , the web interface they use to manage advanced features is painfully slow at times . Maybe a beefier machine would do the trick though . I used an older PIII 500 because I wanted to dedicate it to the task and did n't want to spend a ton of money to make it all play.If Beyond TV adds the two features above it is best in class or right up there with the best in class . Right now , it is not best in class and I would recommend the competition . It is up to you to do a little research to find out what best prouct is , because I do n't think Amazon will let me tell you .
 -LRB- Note
 This program is great ! I used to use MsDVR , but due to the lack of product updates and other issues , we started to look at other solutions . With Beyond TV 4 , we can access the DVR over the internet from work to add shows at the last minute -LRB- my wife is in PR and needs to record clients on news programs during the day -RRB- . We have used it for the last two weeks to record a large number of programs without any difficulty . After a show is recorded , it is converted to . wmv format and placed on our home network . We can then either watch it on our living room TV or our bedroom TV via our networked computers with TV-out video cards . I can also make the program convert the files to a smaller format so I can watch my shows on my PDA on the train on my way to/from work . The web interface also allows us to download recorded shows while on travel to watch in our hotel room.We do n't take advantage of it , but you can also use multiple TV cards in the same machine to record two different programs at once . If you do this , I recommend buying tv cards that do the encoding on the card to eliminate recording problems . Supposedly , the program can also wake the computer up out of standby , but we have n't used that feature yet .
 I have had BTV4 since Jan. 06 and it works great . Very good user interface . Easy to install and maintain . Picture quality is great . I have seen some bad reviews about this product by so called experienced users . I strongly disagree with their reviews . This product has great features and they work out of the box . Setting up recordings remotely is really cool . No monthly subscription fees is even better . With BTVLink I can watch TV on all of my networked computers without installing extra hardware . Firefly remote allows me to control my BTV computer from any room in the house . This is cool stuff !
 They took the time & helped me get a Software Key.Great Support.I will tell everyone to shop with this company .
 I read several reviews of this software today , and was blown away that anyone could not love it . I guess if you are trying to run it on a machine that is n't with current technology it would be a problem , but my machine is a 3 year old athlon 64 bit with a 20 dollar ati video card in it , and we record multiple HD progams at the same time we are watching another one.We have the HD homerun for capture and it is amazing as well.Beyond TV is LEAPS AND BOUNDS beyond windows media center . It is soooooo fast , it has sooooo many options , and it has NEVER crashed since we got it set up properly.My only complaint is that its 100 dollars . It would nice to be like 50 or somewhere close to that.Dont hesitate to buy it , but make sure you system meets all the requirements before hand ESPECIALLY if you plan to watch/record HD .
 I 've been looking for a DVR software supports QAM . This one works great . It did take some time at the beginning to manually identify the QAM channels one by one , but that 's not the fault of the software . After setting it up , it requires little effort to schedule recording.The best things of this software is that it provides tons of flexibility in terms of settings . Other nice features are web configuration interface , integration with iTunes and watch your recorded program on iPod . Also it 's integrated with a streaming server , this makes it possible to watch recorded program on a web browser anywhere.Over all , this beats Windows Media Center hands down .
 I 've used PerfectDisk products for almost 5 years . Never any problems or crashes ! Very reliable . Never any corruption or crashes . The best feature of the software is optimized placement based on frequency of use.I 've been a computer software/hardware engineer and system manager for 10 years with PC , HP UNIX , and DEC VMS experience , so I know good software when I see it.The previous review seems to be confused . When defragmenting , you expect the HD light to be on and performance to lag . You defrag on-demand every few months during off-times -LRB- like overnight -RRB- .
 As a computer and network consultant , I have had exposure to many different products.Raxco PerfectDisk 8 is an excellent product but the new 2008 version is much better so make sure you buy that!Diskeeper is the first that comes to mind when you think of disk defragmenting . Raxco is still an unknown to many . WHAT A SHAME.PerfectDisk is small , non intrusive and works very well . Some of the reviews before me hate just to hate . In all honesty , Diskeeper is a great product and company too . I like them both . But more and more I turn PerfectDisk as my recommended solution.You can fuss and make all kinds of ridiculous claims about the perfect features or methods of defragging are . Honestly , you do n't need much . You need a solid program that can offer manual and scheduled defrags . If you are defragging more than once every week or so , all you are doing is wearing out your hard drive . 99.9 % of all PC users out there typically do not need more than a standard defrag every 14 days . Gamers might -LRB- at times -RRB- need to defrag more often than most.PerfectDisk delivers all you need and more . It is also cheaper than Diskeeper . Again , I recommend both companies so if you buy one or the other , you will be fine . I think Raxco is the company to support . They deliver a solid performing product that does not hog your resources like Diskeeper can at times .
 Overall product was good.User interface was slightly cumbersome.Helped my son do very well on MEAP test
 Enjoy having this CD to identify and learn about our state birds .
 Since a long time ago , I have had a hard time fighting spyware and adware , I was tired . I used many firewalls , antivirus , and adware like similar software , but I always had some problem . I read about this product in PC Magazine , and gave it a try . Surprisingly , all my problems are gone since I installed this product , and my computer is much faster now without the bad guys or malwares in the computer . This is really a SUPER product and best value for the money you spend .
 For $ 10 per license after you install you can upgrade this to AntiSpyware plus Anti-virus . I have had many spyware and very serious viruses which Kaspersky either did n't detect or did n't remove permanently that Spy Sweeper did . Even using Kasperky from an outside scan of the hard drive with another computer . There is nothing on the market better at removing stubborn pests.The problems with Spy Sweeper are the only downside to the product . They are :1 -RRB- Over protective anti-piracy policies - I installed 2 of my 3 users licenses fine . On my 3rd user install it would n't take my key and said my license expired . I opened a support ticket and a day later I get a canned reply that totally disregarded all of the information I supplied in the ticket including my license key with issues . I had to call on the phone and wait about 45 minutes to get them to issue me a new key . Which probably means someone was using a key generator and got my key , But that is not my problem . I pay so I do n't have to have problems . I mean really do they think that people who pirate software are actually buying their product when they ca n't us it ? No they just go to the next product that will be pirated . Not to mention most people that pirate do it cause they do n't have the money for the product in the first place . Usually broke teenagers and early 20 somethings.Once on the phone the support guy said the system tracks how many times you install . Truthfully this was only my 3rd install and there is no possibility anyone got the key from me .2 -RRB- Lots of options that could screw your computer up . Do n't turn on the Key log Shield or it will freeze up Yahoo messenger and other programs . Do n't add any more shields then the default or you WILL have problems .3 -RRB- My wife 's cousin had the AT&T ; DSL browser and it would delete the executable every time she installed . I could n't find a way to stop Spy Sweeper from doing that either -LRB- no exception areas to say do n't touch this file or application -RRB- .4 -RRB- Does n't work well with Kaspersky - You have to setup Kaspersy exception rules for Spysweeper.exe and SpysweeperUI files otherwise Spy sweeper will never update . Even then still had problems so I decided to go with their anti-virus . I would n't install Spy Sweeper on my computer because of that fact .
 SpySweeper has kept my 5 home networked PCs free of Spyware for the last four years . Nonetheless , every year , I have tried a competitor when my subscription to Spysweeper has expired . Why do I try to replace perfectly effective spyware ? Because it is PAINFULLY slow in pulling up websites , more than offsetting the small fortune I pay for fast DSL access . Why do I return to Spysweeper ? Because the competitors are not yet effective in keeping the Spyware out to the same degree that Spysweeper does . As soon as I find a competitor that is as effective as Spysweeper and less piggish , I am gone . Until then , Spysweeper remains -LRB- alas -RRB- best in breed -LRB- although Trend for Vista is ALMOST giving it a good run -RRB- . Context
 Another easy transaction ! Good product for the $ $ . Only time will tell how effective ... Heathen hackers anyway !!
 After wondering why my computer was running turtle slow lately -LRB- and do n't get me started on the frequent crashes -RRB- , a friend told me to try this product . It costs about $ 29.99 , so I decided what the heck I 'll try it.Well , I 'm glad I did because I found out that my computer had 300 different types of spyware that was downloaded on my computer after an Ebay purchase from a dishonest seller.After this spy sweeper was ran , the virusis , spyware and everything else was removed my computer was back to normal.This is a great product !! I highly recommend it to everyone who has had computer problems . ~ ~ Kat
 I 've never been a great fan of Adobe software so it was with some reluctance that I tested GoLIve CS2 . My need was for a WYSIWYG package that supported CSS properly . Normally , I develop sites using NetObjects Fusion , but support for CSS has been slow coming . I 'm afraid I have had none of the problems other reviewers report for GoLive . It has never crashed , appears no more buggy than any other software , has allowed me to develop a complete site formatted entirely with CSS that displays well in all browsers , and , even though the interface is completely novel , I found it easy to learn and anjoyable to use . My only caveat is that , with the acquisition of Macromedia , it is likely that Adobe will eventually drop GoLive in favour of the much inferior but more popular DreamWeaver . Until that happens , I will stick with GoLive .
 As a lead-in I am going to address the burning question first
 Why Has n't anyone re-made this perfect film!The Quality of this picture is 10 times better than the original . If you can remember seeing this black and white classic western , it was when Motion Pictures were still tame.John Wayne and Polly Young are brilliant!Great Movie !
 Marketing Plan Pro gives you a guided , helpful , step-by-step tool for developing a marketing plan . It customizes the outline and tables and charts to match your needs , then offers very helpful instructions and examples for every topic and every table in the plan.The instructions lead you through a solid marketing plan , including market analysis , customer needs , market forecast , market research , strategy , tactics , specific activities , budgets , forecasts , everything that you 'd expect in a complete marketing plan . It also gives you all the flexibility you need to add or delete topics , expenses , sales rows , and in many other ways make sure that the resulting plan is your plan , with your words , and your thinking.It is a tool , with a lot of guidance , but it does n't do the research for you , or write the text , or develop the strategy . What it does do is help you make sure you 've covered all the basis , thought about what should be included , and laid it all out in a logical , organized fashion .
 This product is such a help to writing a marketing plan . I have a small business and Marketing Plan Pro was a huge help to my marketing efforts . It made me plan out what markets I was trying to reach , how I was going to spend my dollars , and helped me come up with a marketing plan that really impressed everyone who 's seen it . Not only was the plan impressive , but the product taught me many marketing lessons that are helping me achieve more sales today .
 This is the Laptop of your dreams ! If you do n't buy it you will feel guilty for the rest of your life . It has loads of memory . It has great graphics . It is just all around a great system ! Get it definately .
 This is a really great product for people who are tired of spending high dollars on bank checks . I 've been using these checks and this software for years . The steps for entering your bank data in order for it to print on your check is very simple . You can print checks to carry around with you so that they can be handwritten in stores , etc. and you can print check amounts and vendor names with your various computer programs , i.e. Quick Books , Quicken , etc. . You can put clip art on your checks , maybe a Christmas Tree at Christmas and so on . I get a lot of compliments from store merchants when using these checks , but my main objective for using them is the BIG SAVINGS !!!
 This software provides a nifty and practical way to customize your own personal checks , rather than purchase pre-printed or bank checks . I went to an office supply store to purchase the actual black check supply , for around twenty-two bucks for 750 checks , and printed out my own quickly and simply using Windows 98 and an inkjet printer . Someone else who uses the same software gave me the idea of printing my photo on the checks as a customizing idea , as she did herself . Nice idea , I think , or perhaps a nice background , using a favorite photo.I ran into one stumbling block when attempting to enter my bank account information in the step-by-step on-screen process ; I had NO old checks from my account , and the setup requires that you enter the little hyphenated number which is found near the center of your checks . Upon contacting my financial institution for this number , I was disappointed to find that a representative there was unwilling to give me that simple , non-confidential information . It just so happened that while insisting to her that I needed it for printing my new personalized checks -LRB- as she insisted I only need the routing # and account # -RRB- , I happened to see that it was printed on my deposit slips , which I still had left . In other words , if for some reason you too have no checks available , simply check a deposit slip from your account if you have one , and all the information will be there .
 You have probably been looking for a slide show software for some time to show off your scanned pictures and slides . You probably want something easy to learn with lots of slide transitions and capabilities such as adding your voice narration , custom soundtracks and sound effects . And after you create your masterpiece , you want to share it with your friends easily.I have used PowerShow for about 3 months and I can assure you it is the best software you can buy for your money to accomplish your slide show presentation goals . The software sets up very easily with no bugs or problems . You can easily import your scanned photos , choose from over 50 high quality transitions and view your masterpiece within about an hour . What wins the cake are the transitions
 This is really the best thing available for slide show style presentations that are truly cross platform and do n't require client software -LRB- MS powerpoint , for example -RRB- . Before you buy , shop around . There is only one CD with the software for Win NT , Win 95 and Mac , and the prices vary by + - $ 15
 Power Show is a great and inexpensive program for creating different types of prresentations -LRB- Shows -RRB- . It is both Mac/PC friendly . Like any other program , there is a learning process to use all/some of its features . I strongly suggest printing out the Manual which can be located on the CD before you begin creating Shows.It offers numerous ways to spice up your Shows -LRB- transitions , effects , sounds , text , backgrounds , etc. -RRB- . When you are finished creating a Show , you can save it to CD and the program automatically attaches a Show Player on your CD so others can enjoy the finished product.A great way to store and share your digital memories with others or creating professional looking presentations !
 I have tried almost every slide show program on the market but this is by far the best . I have constructed large and complex shows using this software , fighting all the way against the deficiencies that I have perceived . The major problem in my opinion is the inability to use music and sound in a format other tham WAV files . Raised to a reasonable quality level these files become enormous . It would make a lot of sense if other formats could be used , such as MP3 . Despite this handicap I heartily endorse the program and hope that the Kai people include different sound formats in any subsequent release .
 I use Kai 's as an add on to my wedding photography services . Brides and Grooms love the effects and it presents itself as a top notch multimedia slide show . As far as user friendly , well that is another story . I give it a 2 .
 I bought this program for arranging and showing my digital photos in a family setting nothing professional or business oriented . It works reasonably well with some excellent transition effects . BUT it is somewhat tedious to use has NO help function . You add photos to the show by picking them out of a pile of thumbnails . This is basically just a messy pile of disorganized photos almost too small to see . but it does its job and does it well producing a very good and rewarding end product .
 This is a fine quality software for the price you 'll pay . But I still like the ease of use that Windway Resume offers . Overall this software is good . The only thing it lacks is the job websites .
 This product does what is otherwise impossible
 Of all the graphics programs I have purchased , this has to be my favorite selection . Hemara has taken the pain of image formatting and delivered a solid interface which allows users to customize the selected image for the internet , other graphics application , a word processor or a Power Point presentation . All images are high quality and have the background images removed . Look no further than this product .
 Finally , an affordable collection for the digital artist on a budget . I never grow tired of browsing these images , and the photos of butterflies and moths alone are well worth the price of the collection . Categories include animals , antiques , art , children , Christmas , masks , Halloween , religion , sports , transportation , toys ... too many to list .
 I have Versa Check professional and it is not as easy to use as I expected , but it does print my own checks for me and does it well . I feel it will save me $ $ on check costs and it does work with Quicken and Quickbooks as well as other software .
 We bought the 2003 VersaCheck Premium and its savings us over $ 300 a month since we dont have to buy pre-printed checks anymore . We have always used another accounting system , and VersaCheck was a way for us to use the lower cost blank check paper without a lot of cost or setup hassles or switching accounting systems.In addition we can upload and distribute checks easily and much lower cost that the Intuit offering . Its built right in to VC Premium and connects very well with G7 's Qchex.com electronic check portal . We can even use any bank account we want there , with minimum effort to setup and only $ 0.25 per check sending fee.Our bank did ask us to use magnetic toner for some accounts , and rather than switch banks , we found that the magnetic toner and magnetic ink that we found on the versacheck.com site was reasonably priced and economical to use.Our other programs have never saved us any money when it comes to printing checks or electronic transactions . Our accounting software is fine programs for accounting , but we find VersaCheck Check creation software pretty compelling for actually helping cut costs of printing checks or electronic check distribution . Easy to install , and works reliably . Simple to upgrade if needed , and plenty of help files if needed . Strongly recommended if you want to cut your cost of printing checks or need an economical means to distribute checks electronically .
 I had Norton Anti-virus for a while and eventually grow to hate it . Even uninstalling Norton AV is a pain in the rear itself . So I switched Trend Micro 's Pc-clinin . I have to say I am very happy with it . It offers basic protection , does n't hog system resource and slow down your system like Norton , and it does n't always get into your way . The sad thing is the major computing media does n't give much review to Trend Micro 's product , perhaps because Trend Micro is n't a big advertising dollar contributor like Symantec and McAfee . Get this program and you wo n't regret .
 For the past couple of years we have used the online scan and it worked well but we still had Norton on all computers and it NEVER found anything . I somehow got the sasser virus and my computer kept shutting down every 60 seconds . I researched it and found that it came through Norton 's update download and blocked even going to Norton 's website . I was able to go into DOS and stop the shutdowns and then went to the free scan page and it found the virus in less than 5 seconds !! Right then and there we bought it for all of our home computers . I would never again be without it !
 I have had my share of problems with Norton . In the past , I also noticed it was a resource hog . So , when I set up my newest computer and had problems with Norton System Works 2000 messing my registry , I just gave up on it . I tried several times by restoring my registry.On my quest to find suitable Anti-Virus protection , PC-Cillin was on my potentials list . Though I was not sure at the time , I mentioned it to a friend who then told me he had been through several options and has now been using PC-Cillin for a while and found it to be the best yet.I have to agree , since my friend is a programmer and more tech-savvy than me . PC-Cillin has been problem-free for me for months now and it updates its virus profiles weekly ... sometimes more than that . Best of all , I have had no virii infections or security breeches , -LRB- it also monitors for malicious web content -- though you should use a firewall as well -RRB- . I work with a lot of files from outside my machine , so I would have to say my situation is a good acid test.While there are other fine anti-virus utilties out there , I am very happy with Trend Micro 's offering and I do recommend it . My experience shows that it is very non-intrusive and light on the CPU and resources , which is another benefit that I appreciate .
 I bought PCC a week ago and had some problems installing it . However , the customer support at Trend Micro was very prompt and provided an accurate solution to my problem . I was successfully able to install it and it works great now !
 lots of features , easy install , automatic updates and good support makes this a no brainer.get it .
 After having a lot of problems with Mc & Nort I thought I would give this a try . The only issue I had was a bad disk from Amazon . Amazon 's return policy to the rescue and within a week I had a new disk . This disk loaded without problems and the program has been great . Easy to use , thorough scans , fast scans , and fast updates , what more could you ask for .
 At the end of my rope due to the now-legendary `` impossible upgrade '' to McAfee 5.1 -LRB- and mightily frustrated by their offensive pricing policies and monstrous -LRB- 2-4 MB -RRB- update files -RRB- , I was pleasantly shocked at how much easier PC-Cillin was to use and update . I 'd call it ideal for anyone who * does n't * want to be constantly sniveled at by their virus checker . Norton and McAfee are always `` in your face , '' which to me is the wrong way to make an impression.Two minor issues
 I was initially concerned about switching due to the fact that previous versions did n't every virus , but this latest version has had excellent reviews , my personal experience has been very good , and the support staff are very responsive . The product itself seems to have a lot less overhead than Norton , and runs much faster . Configuring Email is much easier -LRB- you do n't do anything -RRB- and it even scans web pages . The updates are FAST and run everynight . Talk about set and forget ... Now there are no more reasons to keep donating to Symantec , and I 'm glad that there is competition in this market !
 I had Mcafee pre-installed into my -LRB- home -RRB- PC package when I purchased it in 1998 ; the 98 version did not contain an update function . I merrily used my PC for many years until September of 2001 . I was infected by the W97_verlour virus , which my school computer detected . I began an intensive search for an anti-virus software . Read mountains of reviews . By mere fluke I came upon Trend 's PC-cillin . Catchy name!The overall customer rating in Amazon was 4/5 stars . -LRB- IMPRESSED !! Better than its rivals -RRB- . After reading these reviews I was nearly converted . I purchased the product , which is so much cheaper than its well-known rivals . Completely converted!Installation was a breeze . -LRB- It even scanned for viruses during setup and cleaned them ! -RRB- . Friendly HCI -LRB- human computer interface -RRB- . Appreciate the automatic scheduling of scans.But what I valued and was pleased about the most was the virus updates for those who owned a PC but were not connected to the Internet at home like myself . Other products like Norton or Mcafee , you require Internet connection as the only means of ensuring up to date virus protection . -LRB- This greatly disadvantages non-net users . What is the point of purchasing anti-virus software then ? -RRB- But Trend not only contains this feature but users can go on the Trend website in school or Internet caf&eacute; and download the zip file containing the updates on to the hard drive . I then write the zip file onto a CD RW . I take it home and follow Trend 's instructions on how to manually update -LRB- basically extract the zip file from the CD RW to the Trend folder on your drive then reboot the computer . Simple ! -RRB- The technical support through e-mail is superb - response within 2 days -LRB- one of the benefits of a relatively small firm compared to the `` supposed giants '' -RRB- . Mcafee took 4 weeks for a simple query.I recommend this product to all . I give it 10 out of 5 stars . Delicious !!
 I 've used all the other packages & I 'll tell you this is by far the best . When everyone is scrambling and dealing with viruses `` after the fact '' ; Trend gets me way ahead of the game.I had one virus that tried to get me through e-mail ... Trend 's POP3 scan slammed this thing even before it had a chance to get into my system.Bottom line is it 's easy and it works ! Worth every penny ... and then some .
 PC-Cillin does have it 's title box show up whenever you move from one online interface to another , but it 's unobtrusive and a nice reminder that your protection is there . I had several virii -LSB- the plural of virus -RSB- enter my system through email . PC-Cillin cleaned almost all of them immediately . Those that could not be cleaned were `` quarantined '' and the program has a nice `` submit '' button that sends them to the maker , Trend . Trend analysizes all of the virii you sent , and emails you a `` fix '' program for those that may have corrupted your system files . It automatically updates while you are online , and if that bothers you , you can minimize it , and let it do its thing unseen . Merely installing PC-Cillin does a virus scan for you . For those who feel they have conflicts with it and Windows startup files , you can turn off the `` Scan on startup '' function . It 's a good value , and I have had very good support via email . The voice help , is a toll call though .
 Trend makes an antivirus product that is effective , easy to use and stops email attacks before they can gain access to your computer . While some antivirus software brings things to a crawl PC-Cillin 2000 uses the smallest amount of system resources of any antivirus progarm I have found . You can completely control everything the software does , using one of the best interfaces on the market . It has several scans you can select , the product popups and warnings can be even be determined by the user . The system scans are very fast and automatic . More than twice as fast as Norton . It works well on any Windows Operating System , and Trend allows XP and other Window users to evaluate the software for a month for free which includes virus updates . Finally ... you get the CD at a very good price if you have a hard drive problem or change computers it is there for you to use . The technical support using email is excellent if you need to send a virus package for evaluation .
 After trying other virus cleaners that did n't work I used PC-cillian it was the best virus cleaner . It found 408 virus ' on my system and deleted them all . Now I do n't have to worry about virus ' like I use to . PC-cillian is very simple to use and it 's very thorough in cleaning up the virus ' .
 I had been having problems with 2002 doing a manual update constantly doing exactly what tech support said and nothing worked . Finally i just got so fed up of listening to their so called tech support i just stopped using it and switched to PC-cillian . I knew nortan was insecure . . upon installation of PC-cillian it found a backdoor . Thankyou PC-cillian . You have helped me rest better knowing my pc is secure from backdoors lets just hope they dont target you if you get too famous .
 Having used the `` big names '' this product came on a new computer with XP home edition I purchased . I tried to update Macafee on my old computer 2 days ago and it choked my computer big time , messed up the reistry etc. . This one is unobtrusive , updates god awfully all the time , good thing right ? I am now geting the 98 version for the work computer to fix what the update did ! By the way notice the price , I just got tired of paying for all those commercials . By the way in the month I have had the program I have had 4 automatic updates .
 I used to have Mcafee virus scan and would do periodic virus checks , then moved on to Norton Internet Security , and now I have finally found the best in PC-Cillin 2000 . The big problem I had with McAfee and Norton , was NOT the protection offered , they were very well with frequent updates . The real problem is remembering to run virus scans with McAfee -LRB- or having scheduled runs interupt my work -RRB- . It was even worse with Norton , which offered a lot of protection , but anytime a cookie or java applet appeared a warning would follow . It became very obtrusive and annoying , as well as causing a few system crashes.PC-Cillin 2000 gets five stars from me because it allows the net protection of Notron Internet Secuirty with all the virus protection of McAfee , AND you do not notice that it is even there.Sure when you start your web browser the PC-Cillin 2000 banner appears for 3 seconds while loading , but after that , you will not be disturbed or annoyed with interuptions.Installation and use , too simple to even describe , pop in the cd , follow the online instructions , and you are done . No scheduling or remembering to run this , it will run in the backgrounf just fine . Security , ease of use , no annoyances , this is the best out there .
 After reading excellent reviews on online forums , I decided to download PC-cillin 2000 . During installation , it found eight viruses on my system . Just the day before , I had updated my Norton AntiVirus -LRB- NAV -RRB- 5.0 , run an all files scan , and gotten a clean report . As you can imagine , NAV went right in the trash . PC-cillin 2000 seemed to perform a very thorough scan , taking some time on compressed files -LRB- . zip , etc. -RRB- , which I considered to be a good thing . Updating the virus pattern database is straightforward and hassle free.PC-cillin 2000 sports a clean , intuitive interface . The background is default gray , and there are just enough graphics to guide the eye . As it should be with any utility that spends most of its time running in the background , PC-cillin 's goods are on the inside . The result is that PC-cillin takes up only 14MB on your hard drive -LRB- compared to the 50MB that the bloated NAV 2001 with its graphics intensive interface requires -RRB- , yet does its job better than its competition . Trend Micro 's tech support is great too.I read on the Internet that PC-cillin 2000 was given some special recognition by Microsoft . Trend Micro is also embarking on a corporate security software project with ZoneLabs , manufacturer of ZoneAlarm , an outstanding firewall application . This kind of recognition speaks highly of Trend Micro and its antivirus technology.In case I have n't made it obvious , I am quite impressed with PC-cillin 2000 and recommend it highly .
 One of the best virus scans I ` ve seen and used . It ` s as good or better than Mcafee and Norton . The web site is easer to get to and not as busy , and they have a Email right on your version and a 1 800 . # you can call . They answered my Email right away with very good answers . It ` worth a try ! `
 I 've been a PCCillin user for 3-4 years . Each and every upgrade of this powerful virus protection program never ceases to amaze me . It compares dollar for dollar to the highly advertised virus programs such as Norton , McAfee & Dr Solomon 's . Get upgrade information and virus update patterns on their user friendly -LRB- Easy to Navigate -RRB- website . Trend 's user support is second to none . Big Protection ! Great Price ! and hey , a Catchy Name !
 I do n't know how many virus utilities I 've used but I do know the ones that make an impression , albeit good or bad . PC-cillin is a no frills , no jazz virus scanner that just works . It does n't carry the big Norton or McAfee name and it wo n't be advertised all over the web or in magazines , but this thing works ... VERY well too I might add.Once again , compare prices and keep one thing in mind ... am I buying virus protection software , or virus protection software and a big name ? You make the choice and your wallet pays the consequence .
 I 've installed PC-Cillin on dozens of PCs that were running current versions of McAfee and Norton . In many cases , PC-Cillin found virus infections that the other two slept through . It is not the easiest to use nor is it always trouble-free . I 've seen some system slowdowns and crashes that were always due to a conflict with some other software running in the background . I 've seen the same with Mc & N as well . Bottom line is , if you can sort out some minor conflicts that MIGHT come along , this is much more thorough than Mc & N. Trend typically updates virus definitions every couple of days . During the Anna Kournikova crisis , I saw three new updates IN ONE DAY !!! Norton did n't respond until at least 48 hours later . I would n't be without it .
 Hello , I have had nothing but a great running computer thanks to the PC Cillin family . I have tried other virus protectors but I never really understood them like I do PC Cillin . I will never use anything else . I trust PC Cillin with my computers life anytime :-RRB- Great protection comes from PC Cillin !!!
 I have used PC-Cillin for several years now , updating to the 2000 version . The updates are flawless . It has worked well with Win ' 95 , 98,98 ' 2d , and ME.I read some of the reviews listed here and most were in line with how this product performs for myself , perfect . I wonder if the one star reviews were even real ? This program has been just great.The biggest selling point for me was speed . This software program works fast . Very fast.There are no interuptions as described in some of the reviews , and unlike Norton or McAfee , it scans quickly.On my 32GB drive times were over two hours with Norton . With McAfee the times were longer ! Trends , PC-Cillan ran the scan in 18 minutes.Never a virus with this product , NEVER ! And email support on one question was within 24 hours .
 I have used other virus scans -LRB- which I will not mention -RRB- and this is the only one I used because my other scan could n't clean out a nasty trojan virus . This thing could n't either , but pc-cilin quarantined it !!! I have n't had any problems since !!! it also pops up when my outlook express has mail . I do n't worry about viruses like I used to !!! Get this one for sure !!!
 I owned McAfee -LRB- Office Pro 2000 and Version 6 -RRB- programs in the past . Office Pro 2000 really -LSB- messed -RSB- up my Windows OS a big time every time I updated the program -LRB- DAT files and engine -RRB- . I had to de-install McAfee programs and re-install Windows OS every time it happened -LRB- that was the only way I can get my computer to run back to normal -RRB- . Both Office 2000 and Version 6 takes forever to update from the website . You could say I do n't like them anymore . Not worth the headache!So , I tried out PC-Cillin 2000 a couple of months ago based on good reviews from other owners . After using it so far up to now , I noticed it runs a lot better than McAfee anti-virus program because this program detected virus in my mail and computer three times so far -LRB- within two months ! -RRB- and it deleted them for me . McAfee program never once detect a virus for me when I had it for few years , not one ! I detected a couple in the past by myself and deleted them manually . What 's more , this PC-Cillin 2000 will update the program automatically for me every time the company updated the virus info . -LRB- of course , it will ask me if I want it to update it for me or not -RRB- . That 's great ! The downloading did n't take very long , maybe a couple of minutes or so comparing to McAfee taking forever.Lastly , I had a minor trouble with this program with my Netscape browser after I finished with my installation . The technical support was able to give me some troubleshooting help right away -LRB- in a day ot two -RRB- in timely fashion -LRB- thru e-mails -RRB- and gave me solutions to fix the problem including a patch thru downloadable attachment -LRB- upgrading the version so the program will be compatiable with my browser -RRB- . This fixed the problem and everything ran smoothly . The technical support did a great job helping the customer like me . I was pleased with it.A note
 The best software for cooking I 've seen thus far . I absolutely love it !!!!!
 If you are looking to possess nothing but recipes this is the program for you . However , if nutritional information is a must for you , you should know that this has only a table which lists nutritional information for individual ingredients ; not for entire recipes . This is not a difficult program to navigate , which is good because there is no written manual or instructions .
 I have owned several versions of this cookbook and all that I can say is it is one great cookbook ! The publishers have added the one final ingredient that makes it above all others . It now has an add recipe feature ! If you are a cook like me you already have several great recipes . This cookbook lets you add them to the list . I use this on a daily basis and can not say enough about it . It has a wealth of meat & potatoes recipes ! Also gives you the ability of telling it what ingredients you have in your cupboard and it will give you a list of possible meals to make !
 Have had the 2 previous versions of this cookbook . This -LRB- cookbook -RRB- is a must for anyone who cooks . It is extremely easy to use . There are numerous variations of the same recipes to provide alternate choices to suit the cooks taste . It is very hard to find this CD in a store so I always use Amazon.com to find the hard to get items .
 The best thing about this software is not the 1 million recipes . It is the ability to find exactly what you are looking for with ease . It 's true that there are over 1 million recipes , and that is great , but the ability to put a few words in the software and run a search is what is so awesome!I have used this software for several months , and I am referring all of my friends and relatives to check it out . There is not a more impressive cookbook on the market in my opinion.There is not only great recipes , but there is intensive cooking instructions and varieties of methods for many recipes , as well as great nutritional information.I ca n't wait to buy the next version ! It 's supposed to be a PDA version .
 I can always cook something new . My family loves the variety . The search engine is so fast , and it is way easy to use .
 Finally , I found the recipe software I 've been looking for!This cooking software is very intuitive and easy to use . It gives me nutritional information on each recipe ; it allows me to change the number of servings while it automatically does the math on the amount of ingredients needed , and it has a calendar/meal planner feature . I can pick my favorite recipes and place them in the calendar-making meal planning a cinch ! It also allows me to add , edit , and customize new recipes . The search engine is faster than any other recipe software . And besides of these cool features , it has over one million recipes . The One Million Recipes cooking software really stands above all the rest . It 's the best !
 I like to cook diffrent things and this cook book gives me an endless viriety . My kids also use it all the time to get me to cook up all kinds of stuff . It is way easy to use .
 WSEB - best choice to develop your network servers . Stability , Connectivity , Rock robust , Maintenance by IBM . That 's all for your dream .
 Great program with over 300 legal forms to choose from . My attorney friend recommended us to buy this software and avoid costly legal fees .
 This is an extremely helpful guide for anyone wishing to avoid the costly expense of an attorney to `` do it themselves ! '' The forms and agreements are complete and of high quality . This will certainly save you thousands !!!
 This is an excellent starter for those wishing to learn welsh . The focus is on learning one of four ways ; visual , sound , written or any combination . The lessons are layed out well , a could be understood by someone from the age of 6 or 7 and up .
 I 've been learning Scottish Gaelic , Irish and Welsh in the past five years and I 've looked at quite a few methods and curricula . This is by far the best . Not only is my comprehension much improved , but the time needed to learn the language is reduced . It 's also much more enjoyable than any other method I 've tried .
 I really like the set up of the Welsh Explorer . I would recommend this to anyone taking a welsh class or working out of a textbook . The drawback is that when used alone the meanings can become ambiguous and confusing . I 've been using it along with the BBC Catchphrase lessons and found it very helpful .
 Oh MY GOD !!! this is DEFINATLEY the coolest thing i EVER bought it has tons of AWESOME fetures and its just so fun to play with ! i recommend this ton EVERYONE who likes movies and having fun !
 In my spare time I work on developmental aid projects in India . Although it 's pretty easy to get along in English , I wanted to grasp at least a little bit of one of the main languages from India . The Rosetta Stone course Hindi did the trick for me . It 's fun , it 's easy , it 's fast . Without one word of help in an other language , this visual and interactive program whisks you through the basics in no time . My Indian friends loved it . Because of the alphabet being different from ours , there are no writing excercises available . It would help if at least a overview of the Hindi Alphabet and a sound description was added to the course . But still I ca n't wait for a complete 92-lessons-course to become available .
 Using this software is an excellent way to learn a foreign language . I would recommend this software to somebody who has had some exposure to Hindi before , and somebody who can read Hindi . Or this software would be ideal for somebody who has access to a person who reads and writes in Hindi , this is because many of the lessons use the Hindi script , and thus require some reading recognition . I liked this software , and I wish there were more Hindi lessons .
 I 've just spent my first 15 mins with this CD and I must tell you it is amazing . This is how a language should be taught . The method is absolutely revolutionary . This really is how we must have learned language as children . Try it and I think you 'll be very pleased .
 Ninafikiri software hili ni zuri ! -LRB- I think this software is good -RRB- Especially if you 've already taken some courses in Kiswahili.One of the previous reviewers mentioned that they were frustrated with the program and I can understand that a person completely unfamiliar with the language would be baffled . So for this reason , I say that it 's a good supplementary tool . I definitely think that it helps to reinforce some concepts , but do agree that the software could be improved in some ways . More features would be nice , but I 'm sure in the future editions I will see such things . I know one complaint for this software may be about the repetitiveness of some activities , but in language you really ca n't have enough of this . Afterall , if one wants to build correctly , one needs a solid foundation . Haba na haba hujaza kibaba -LRB- little by little fills the measure -RRB- . I recommend this to anybody looking for some extra study aids in Kiswahili , it 's worth it.Iwapo nia pana njia ! - Where there is a will , there is a way !
 This product is great in helping me brush up on my Swahili . It 's fun & motivating to go through -LRB- rather than just trying to do little book exercises & never know if you 're right or wrong -RRB- . It 's a great way to learn if you do n't have an instructor to give feedback.Only problems are
 This is a really fun product from CrystalGraphics . It adds TV-style 3D transition effects into your PowerPoint presentations.I used it recently when I gave a presentation to a room full of venture capitalists who were doing a lot of talking during earlier presentations . But when it was my turn , they quieted way down during the first transition effect -LRB- the sound effects got their attention , the cool visual effects kept their attention -RRB- . By the second slide transition I had their undivided attention . During the third slide transition they broke out into applause . It was really cool . Then they started asking me questions about my presentation and I knew I had them in the palm of my hand . I literally owe it all to this very cool and inexpensive product . What a great way to break out of the PowerPoint doldrums !
 This is a really fun product from CrystalGraphics . It adds TV-style 3D transition effects into your PowerPoint presentations.I used it recently when I gave a presentation to a room full of venture capitalists who were doing a lot of talking during earlier presentations . But when it was my turn , they quieted way down during the first transition effect -LRB- the sound effects got their attention , the cool visual effects kept their attention -RRB- . By the second slide transition I had their undivided attention . During the third slide transition they broke out into applause . It was really cool . Then they started asking me questions about the key points I was trying to make in my presentation and I knew I had them in the palm of my hand . I literally owe it all to this very cool and inexpensive product . What a great way to break out of the PowerPoint doldrums !
 This program is awsome . Especially for teachers . A class , or presentacion can be done with ease . It will keep your audience atencion and asking for more . But be adviced that you need a computer with a fast 3D chip . A laptop can do the trick .
 This was my first experience with GPS . In short , I liked it and found it extremely fun and useful to use.Just prior to taking a lengthy car trip with my family , I had just purchased another , non-GPS , trip planning software package . While it was great for planning , it would not do much for finding me when I managed to get lost . On a lark , I purchased Skymap 2000 GPS 1.0 . I am sure that the several hours we lost wandering in Washington DC . would not have occurred if we were using the Skymap 2000 GPS 1.0 at the time . Time was also lost when the kids decided to navigate without the parents ' assistance or the help of Skymap 2000 GPS 1.0 . I sat in the back with my wife watching the GPS locator trailing us around and around until the kids finally , reluctantly , asked us for help.Later , with the traffic extremely heavy , we opted to take an alternate route through an area totally unknown to us . We made it though , without the use of our paper maps , and without the slightlest problem.Cons
 This is one fun computer program to mess around with . If you are by yourself in the car it is pretty much useless unless you want to pull over and read it but if with someone else it can direct you where to go with little or no trouble at all . It has some cool features such as it shows your current speed , altitude , and heading . The coolest thing is three CD 's give you maps of the U.S. and they will show your location on any street no matter the size . The set up is very easy and it is very self explanatory . If you want something that will navigate you to your destination this is what you need . It beats any maps and is much cheaper and more detailed then any handheld gps reciever , but since it is not handheld it can be a pain not being able to use it while you are driving .
 This is my 4th upgrade with this program and I have also had other programs but none that is as easy and fun to use as this program . This program is the best way to research , store and display genealogy . I ca n't image using any other genealogy package .
 WinProxy 3.0 is an extremely useful tool for linking several computers to a single modem for internet access . Just set up the TCP/IP protocol on Win 9x machines , and then load the software . The set up on the machine which acts as the server is simple . The software even prompts you to test the settings during the setup process . We are running the software on a network which is also running Netware 4.1 and there are no conflicts . This software was a good low cost alternative to a proxy server or modification of our existing Netware server .
 Very easy to install with a ton of documentation for both WinProxy and how to build a LAN . It was the perfect product for getting all the computers in my home online and worked great with my cable modem . Generally , I have found that any problems I had were a result of my own misconfiguration of my LAN , not due to the product . I looked on WinProxy 's home page for other customer comments have to say that I am in complete agreement with them .
 Very easy to install with a ton of documentation for both WinProxy and how to build a LAN . It was the perfect product for getting all the computers in my home online and worked great with my cable modem . It is a shame that one person 's inability to configure it -LRB- it pretty much self-configures on install and walks you through it with a quick start guide -RRB- slants the rating . Generally , I have found that any problems I had were a result of my own misconfiguration of my LAN , not due to the product .
 I am a Unix guy with a distaste for -LRB- and willful ignorance of -RRB- Windows . I found this product easy to install -LRB- Windows NT 4.0 -RRB- and it works great . Minor installation glitches were due to configuration of my other machines . Easily added custom port mapping to one of my internal machines ! Have not yet been forced to look at manual or help . Recently added another machine to the network with only one minor weirdness -LRB- resolved -RRB- . Clients on LAN include Mac OS X Server -LRB- Unix -RRB- and NT . Expect that planned addition of MacOS 8 client will be equally problem free .
 Indeed , the installation of WinProxy 3 , was a breeze . Getting a 3 computer network to share one modem , too , was easy . But after two days , I 'm still trying to configure the mail portion of the program . Documentation is huge , but still ca n't find where my mail problems are addressed . I recommend the program , but be willing to spend time getting it to settle down and do what you need it to do .
 After you purchase this , a free upgrade is availble for the 4.0 version . Winproxy shares internet connections seamlessly . The sharing is very simple to set up , but can be a little tricky . Good documentation at the Mfgrs . web site .
 This software is meant to help you fix credit reports , I recommend it to my customers being in the mortgage buisness and seing credit reports everyday , you do have rights as a consumer , and you can fix credit reports , this software will help you do it in the proper order . therefore I personally think its great to help people , its too much work to do it without this tool . So again understand what it does ...
 It 's Monday December 5 , 2005 , and my review on Adobe GoLive CS2 is due . Here 's the problem , or should I say `` problems . '' First of all , it 's very difficult for a non-professional reviewer to thoroughly investigate all the nuances of a sophisticated web design program like GoLive CS2 in the time alloted for this sort of thing . Wading through the intricate process of actually using an application to design a web site , which is the only way to really shake out the good and bad habits GoLive might exhibit is daunting and barely doable in such a short time . Review coordinators and software developers need to take this into consideration when reviewers take on such a task . Truly , twice the 26 days alloted would provide for more thorough and insightful reviews.But the bigger issue here is : This past weekend , Adobe finalized its deal to buy Macromedia , developer of the outstanding web design and management program `` Dreamweaver . '' And already today , Adobe announced a new product , the Adobe Web Bundle which oddly includes both GoLive AND Dreamweaver 8 ! Let 's face it , the only reason many folks use GoLive in the first place is that it comes with the Creative Suite 2 Premium version . I have a feeling that users will begin to pronounce a preference for replacing GoLive with Dreamweaver in Creative Suite Premium or Web Bundle , or whatever it comes to be called.What does this mean for the future of GoLive ? Surely Adobe will not continue to offer two such similar products , each requiring its own development team . And since Dreamweaver has proven to be the product of choice among the majority of web developers , -LRB- and since GoLive does n't really follow the model wherein all Adobe products work and play nicely with each other anyway -RRB- can the demise of the GoLive product be far behind ? -LRB- Remember Adobe PageMill , anyone ? -RRB- According to a story today on the Macworld website , Pierre Van Beneden , an Adobe vice president , confirmed that layoffs would occur in jobs where there is duplication . If I were a member of the GoLive development team , I 'd tell the kids to plan on finding rather modest gifts under the tree this year.That said , on with the review.Adobe GoLive CS2 represents a real improvement over the last version of GoLive that I used , though that would be expected since the last version I owned was version 4.0.1 . It 's come a long way in the interim.Witness the new power GoLive CS2 gives you to work with CSS -LRB- Cascading Style Sheets , a fantastic improvement in layout and design for the web -RRB- . GoLive CS2 has made it much easier to create your CSS , with some nice tools and canned `` Block Objects , '' drag-and-drop objects that contain ready-made layout helpers . Just drop in an object to , say , create a layout with resizing columns . No messing with tables . Good , I hated using tables to force a layout into submission.There 's also support for favicons , those goofy little miniature icons that appear here-and-there in the browser . The problem with favicons is that they need to be excruciatingly plain in order to be recognizable to most eyes as anything but a blotch of pixels . Any attempt at creating anything with the least bit of subtlety results in an unrecognizable mess . Useless eye candy , as far as I can tell . But should your aesthetic vary from my own , the tools for creating the little buggers are available in GoLive.Adobe Bridge , a revised version of Photoshops ' Browser , -LRB- almost -RRB- works with the entire Creative Suite , and GoLive is no exception . So it 's a little easier to identify and bring in the jpegs and gifs that you created in Photoshop and Illustrator.But I still do n't understand why Bridge works so poorly with InDesign documents . All you see when looking at an InDesign file in Bridge is an InDesign icon . Bridge shows individual elements of the InDesign document , but not the layout , which seems to be the whole idea of an InDesign document . So unless you have made a PDF of the InDesign file , you only see an icon and filename.Doubtless , Bridge will be updated to fully support the newly acquired Dreamweaver , et al. . While Adobe is adding that support , I hope the coding geniuses figure out how to make Bridge take something less than the life cycle of a mayfly to launch . I 'm not kidding , you could watch the grass grow in the time it takes Bridge to pull its code together and get around to doing something besides launching . Ahrgg ... InDesign CS2 includes an option for getting your project ready for the web with `` Package for GoLive ... '' Selecting this option from the InDesign File menu and then importing the file into GoLive via the File menus `` Import From InDesign '' selection converts the file into XHML and morphs your document into a web site complete with multiple pages . It makes a nice way to start off a web site that already contains many of the elements already contained in your InDesign layout . Your work is n't over though , unless you are willing to settle for GoLive 's plane-vanilla conversion . But at the very least , it provides a template to start with.The swatch pallet in GoLive CS2 now sports tabs for each of the swatch collections you wish to have readily available . Just click on the tab to switch between swatches . A small but nice feature.But see , here 's what I mean about Adobe not being consistent with the GoLive interface and the other Creative Suite 2 applications . In Photoshop , my tool of choice for photo manipulation , collapsing a palette requires a double-click on the title bar of the palette . But in GoLive CS2 , double-clicking on the title bar gets you nowhere . You click a little triangle to accomplish this task . The palettes in GoLive do n't work the same as palettes in Photoshop and Illustrator . A small-potatoes difference , but illustrative of the lack of consistency in Creative Suite 2 . One more thing , GoLive CS2 also has tools for creating those itty bitty versions of sites for mobile devices . They are all the rage , and will surely continue to grow -LRB- pun intended -RRB- in popularity as more folks buy phones and PDAs with browsing capabilities.Actually , there are lots of other things , but as with all super-powerhouse applications , it would take more than a month to come into contact with them all . I just touched on a few of what I found to be the best features.So what 's the bottom line here?If you already have a knowledge base acquired from experience with previous versions of GoLive , the CS2 update is probably worthwhile , if for nothing else , the CSS improvements in this version . Or , if you already received GoLive CS2 as part of the Creative Suite 2 Premium version , of course you will use it . No reason not to.But if I were a Dreamweaver guy , I 'd not be running out to pick up a copy of GoLive just right now . Some permutation of GoLive and Dreamweaver is almost surely to emerge from the bowels of Adobe 's coding dungeons sometime real soon now or at least eventually . Maybe they will combine the site-oriented philosophy of GoLive with the superior coding ability of Dreamweaver to create an &uuml;ber web tool like no one has seen before . We 'll just have to wait and see .
 Quick delivery of like-new product . Still with original wafer seals and shrink wrapped . The upgrade worked perfectly . . all info needed was supplied . Super !
 The tool is intuitive and complete . It is a great bargain for the price . It has worked as a nice compliment to the graphs and charts available in PowerPoint .
 Great program for small businesses . Format is easy to use and understand . Has good end-of year reports . Great value for the dollar .
 Easy-to-use program supports up to 25 employees . Fast setup accounting system for any small business . Integrates invoicing , accounts payable , payroll , and checkbook . Prints W-2 and 1099 forms . Registration by phone at -LRB-949-RRB- 544-4250 is required to obtain a customer number to unlock the program . Upgrade is optional but not necessary . By far , the least expensive quality program available in the market .
 I just have to give this program five stars because it is simply the best of its kind on the market . I have three other big name ones and I know . One of the others is an earlier version of Sure Thing under another name . I have used this program for a few months now and it has many features . As far as not lining up the labels , it has micro adjustments that line them up perfectly . It can use any one 's labels . You do n't have to stick with just the ones pre-programed in the label types menu . You can always use the micro adjustments to line up perfectly for your particular labels and printer . You can import other clip art and graphics to use as backgrounds and objects . There are different fonts to use . The program comes with lots of clip art and plenty of backgrounds . You must work with it for awhile before you learn all of its possibilities . But it is FUN to work with ! I highly recommend Surething CD Labeler to anyone who wants great looking labels on their CD 's . It does jewel case fronts and backs and some other types of labels also .
 this is simply the best labeling software for cds . the only problem i had was that the manual was not that thourough . you really have to work with the software for awhile before you realize how all of the features work . for instance , when sizing an image for the jewel box front/back/etc . , when you size it larger horizintally , it also increases the size vertically . you do not always want it to do this but after working with it for 3 months and being frustrated by this quirk , i realized through trial and error that you can right click on the image and uncheck the maintain aspect ratio box , and can then size anyway you like . i had been specificaly looking for this option since the day i started using it , the manual makes no mention of it . other than the sort of skimpy manual , this is a great program . the newer version 3.0 is now available for $ ... more , but i believe the only difference is that you can make cd labels that now go clear to the spindle hole . not that big of a deal , plus those labels cost more than the regular size . i 've never misapplied a label either with the applicator , which is quite a clever little device compared to cd stomper etc , with their spring loaded applicators . i would rate 5 stars if the manual was more concise , but my advice is to buy this program -LRB- or version 3.0 -RRB- if you are looking for the best label program available , just be prepared to work with it for awhile to discover all of it 's features . you 'll be glad you bought this and not memorex/neato/cd stomper etc. .
 I just received my SureThing CD Labeler Version 2.0 . When I finished installation it took me to the SureThing website where I learned that Version 3.0 is now available . So this software is outdated before you even open the package . But when I called technical support , they quickly and gladly agreed to send me the new 3.0 Deluxe version once I faxed in my receipt . Sure enough , it arrived just days later . Now that 's service!Other than that , this software clobbers the competition . I 've tried several other products , but none come close to providing the tools to create professional and creative CD labels .
 There are better sellers , but none of them come near this product . I would think that creating software to make labels for CDs would n't be a difficult thing to do , but it is . I 've tried so many of the other products and they all manage to focus on ways to frustrate and aggravate me rather than just let me make labels.Surething CD Labeler contains everything you need to make labels in the box , so long as you have a PC and Printer , within 10 minutes of installation . You do n't even need to read the documentation as long as you have a general understanding of how most software works , especially desktop publishing software like Microsoft Publisher.Included with the software are several sheets of Surething 's own brand of labels and an applicator that does double duty as the CDs `` jewel case '' . The applicator itself is n't nearly as bulky as other applicators and functions perfectly . The labels they include perform admirably , but I prefer Stick It Right Labels by Great Gizmos . -LRB- They have a gold tone backing that blocks all text or graphics on the CDs from showing through the label . -RRB- Which segues into one of the best features of Surething CD Labeler , it supports nearly every brand of label out there . Couple this with an enormous number of clipart , templates , and a very intuitive interface and you have the best labeler in the business today .
 Actually , 4.5 stars would have been about right . Software is very intuitive , does what it says , and says what it does . Has pretty good documentation , but you can create labels without even looking at it if you have a little bit of knowledge of how software works and what you want to do . It could use a few improvements in the text labelling part of the software , but what is there is adequate . All in all it works very well . I 've used other labelers and the deficiencies in some of them are astounding . CD labeler has few .
 The software is very easy to use . I did not have to read any manuals , or references to get started . The software does indeed support many different manufactureres labels . Anyone who knows how to use a word processor should be able to figure this one out . It is extremely user friendly . In addition to having a large quantity of backgrounds , fonts , setups , and clipart , you can import your own image onto the label . The package also comes with a terrific applicator - it certainly beats memorex and neato 's applicators by a long shot ! I would highly recommend this product .
 I often need to print out covers for CDs , and the software never aligns up the label and the print . Also , all the other programs that I have used just ca n't compare to the ease and quality of SureThing CD Labeler . However , this program could use a 3D text option , but it came close . Perhaps in a future version . I would reccommend this program for beginners and experts alike .
 CD Labeler is a great program . It 's simple to use , the graphics selections are terrific . If you 've got an off brand label or jewel case insert it 's simple to set up the page to fit what you have . I 've long loved Web Express from Microvision , and CD Labeler is another testement to how fantastic that company is . Do n't even bother looking at other label programs , you 'll just waste your time . Get this one .
 I have a much better understanding of the word `` Addiction '' now . This package allows for a very wide range of pure graphics and animation . It 's very easy to use and when finished with a project , I find myself wondering if I chose the wrong carreer -LRB- just kidding , I know I did -RRB- . My only complaint is that I can not seem to find a way to create non-symetric forms on three dimensions , meaning I can create a vase shape or pedestal with neat edges going around , but I can not then put vertical troughs down the side -LRB- s -RRB- . It might just take a little more tinkering around.Otherwise , an excellent product .
 This is a great game . It is really challenging for kids , keeps my son occupied for hours . You really have to think , no guns killing or any violence . Just ink blots , that is the extent of it . I would recommend it .
 My son really liked it ! It 's was used . But in great condition.I received it with in the time -LRB- according to the shipping I payed for -RRB- . I give them 4 stars ! I think that it 's best for kids 5-10 and under .
 Beat the story in less than a few hours haha it 's a very fun game . I 'm 22 so games when there 's nothing left to do are a plus . Fun game for all ages kids have ADD so they really need to be sucked in to nonstop play , thank god most kids still go outside lol . Good game for a rainy day though !
 I remember when I was 5-6 and on the computer playing this , and when we upgraded our computer to Window 's XP , I couldnt play it . but here I am , 14 years old , and wanting to playing it again
 Most people do n't know that they need to have a will . If you do n't have a will when you die , state law determines what happens to your property . In the absence of a will , a court determines who will care for your young children and their property if the other parent is unavailable or unfit . Most people can draft their own will . You just need to know what you own , whom you care about , and have a good self-help resource to guide you.For someone like me , this program is written in plain English and come highly recommended . I created my own legal will in half an hour with this easy-to-use software . The publisher also offers other programs like Living Will and Living Trust to help plan my estate and avoid probate . If you do n't have a will , get one for yourself and your loved ones .
 Made E-Z has truly offered a product that makes it easy . Just follow the directions and before you know it you have created a Last Will that is legal . I have used many self help products but this one answers all the needs .
 This program requires word processor to run . Easy to navigate and covers important topics and policies that can be personalized to fit your business needs . Recommended program for any small business that needs to have a quick employee manuals in place .
 Simple and very useful interface . Highly recommend to own for everybody who doing business under corporation .
 I needed a living trust quickly and was able to find this software . The program fits my needs and is easy to use .
 The program helps draft personalized business letters for any topic . Enter your personal data and choose from 401 templates . Quick and easy . Thumps up to Made E-Z !
 I work for a company that does a ton of web development , and we have just issued a po for Smart Site 3.0 . We 've used 2.0 and a demo of 3.0 . The tool is really amazing , very through checking of HTML , spelling , and a TON of other things . It cuts the time for testing in half .
 How helful this proved to be for my internet business ! I am already having the door practically beat down by `` angels '' and banks ! Awesome !
 estoy buscando un producto y seria bueno que estas paginas sean en espa & ntilde ; ol . favor si alguien sabe de un producto similar para el sistema operativo linux .
 This is a great product -- I was really impressed with the ease with which one could customise it . The templates were superb . I was able to create a business site in an evening . The only downside to the product is that you are FORCED to host your site with the owners of the product . I had a website before I bought the product , and I was n't ready to have two different websites . If you do n't have a business site and you are ready to host your site with the owner of the program , this is probably the best product there is . However , if you are trying to upgrade an existing site with ecommerce capabilities , this might not be suitable for you -- unless of course you are ready to pay for two sites at the same time .
 1 -RRB- I really like the way E-merchantpro has been designed so that you build the site through Microsoft Internet Explorer . I have worked on my web site from three different computers -LRB- my notebook PC , my desktop PC and my son 's desktop PC -RRB- . My daughter -LRB- who lives in another state -RRB- also worked on the site . Additionally , I do n't have to worry about back-up or support of the web-site like you would have to do if you constructed it on your computer and uploaded it to your Host System .2 -RRB- The navigation links along the left side of each web page makes it very easy to navigate your web site and actually makes it easier to layout and construct a web site with good organization vs a poorly laid out site with criss-crossing links . The way sub-page links are exposed as you ` drill-down ' through the pages makes for a cleaner design which exposes the additional pages when they are needed .3 -RRB- The editor is great ! All pages are shown on one list and the page order , sub-pages and names can be changed easily -LRB- I have changed my many times to get to a layout and flow that I like -RRB- . The editor is easy to use and alows an HTML view so you can add some advanced features , such as the tables I added .4 -RRB- I looked at a lot of e-commerce packages and picked this one because emerchantpro provides features that allow me to run my business . Constructing the site is only a small part of the business cycle . Actually running it day to day and growing the business is the most important part . I think this package will let me do that best ! All the e-commerce software I looked at advertised an easy to construct e-commerce site , but this package included inventory management , reporting , chat , forum and commumications capabilities like the telemarketing that set it apart from the rest.Best regards
 After plenty of consideration , I decided to try and build my website myself . Luckily , eMERCHANT pro came to my rescue ! Here is why : Wizards
 The emerchant software made it so simple for us to put together a spectacular site and we have received so many compliments on it already . We were up and running quickly and I HAVE NO TRAINING IN WEB SITE DESIGN . It 's nothing less than amazing .
 As a small business owner , emerchant provided my home based business a great solution for getting me on the Web . Not knowing anything about programming a Web site , I really appreciated the intuitive wizard driven setup , and was nicely surprised to discover how easy it was to change things on the fly , even for me . Unlike some other products I looked at emerchant seemed to offer more features which was important as I did not want to buy a bunch of different software packages . I had a little difficulty finding a `` theme '' -LRB- look and feel -RRB- that suited my business , but was able personalize my site enough that I am very happy with it . The best thing about emerchant pro is that I can update my site , everyday all by myself . It also comes with a features called `` telemarketing '' which lets me talk to people on my Web site when they are visiting it . I have not had a good chance to use it yet but it 's looks like a cool feature that I have not even seen on big sites yet . Overall I am pleased with my purchase , the product is good and the price is great .
 I 'm in the process of setting up my business on ecommerce . I 've looked at a lot of software and services so far , but I think I will go with the emercant after seeing it in action . I went to a few sites that use emerchant , and they worked exactly like how i want my site to be . The pricing and renewals are reasonable , and product has better features that lots in its category .
 When I first saw the advertising hype about e-stamp I was interested . I investigated the product , installed it on my computer and was truly amazed and pleased . First you 'll have to get set-up with e-stamp and apply for a license from the US Post Office to be able to print your own stamps directly on envelopes or labels . No problem , because that 's all done at their web site . It appears you can use any type of printer to print the stamps . I have used both my HP Laser and Canon Bubble Jet without problems . When you set up your account you select a postage amount and it is transmitted directly to the Postage Vault attached to you printer port . When you print the stamp , the vault automatically deducts the proper amount from your balance . Need more postage ? Simply go to their web site and refill your vault with the amount you want . The final feature I like was the seamless intergration with Microsoft Word . You can print stamps off-line directly from your Microsoft Word program . When you open your Word program the `` Add a Stamp '' is on the tool bar . Your E-Stamp comes with a special CD from the US Postal Service and is up-graded every 6 months . It 's an up-to-date listing of EVERY valid address in the United States with their ZIP +4 , and the program automatically adds the correct bar code for that address . So I ask you ... would you rather go to the post office and wait in line 40 people long while one clerk explains the difference between Certified Mail and Bulk Rate Mail to someone who speaks no English ... OR , would you rather print your own stamps right from your Microsoft Word program ? I 've made my choice and I have n't regreted it for one minute . Of course , that 's my opinion , and I could be wrong .
 I 've purchased hundreds of dollars in royalty free clip art and photos , but Hemera is the best by FAR in my opinion.This particular collection is on 2 CD 's , and comes with a browser that 's way more stable than some of the other collections out there -LRB- Like Masterclips for example . . UGH ! -RRB- . The browser gives you the option of exporting the pictures in a multitude of ways and makes it easy enough that a total novice will have no trouble ! It 's also got nifty font features too.Resizing the photos and images in this software is a breeze , with NO quality loss in the images ! This , and the quality of the images provided have made me a loyal Hemera customer.This collection is definitely worth the small investment !
 I bought this collection as part of an emergency project -- I needed a photo of someone in a graduation cap and gown . I figured if the only thing I got was a picture of the graduate , for $ 10 I was satisfied . Well , this whole collection has quality photos throughout . The subject matter was well thought out , covering a wide range of special events . The photos are professionally produced , not the poor quality ones of someone 's vacation that are under/overexposed . Having the background deleted for me and ready to go within Photoshop was a big time saver , and the deletion was done correctly -- things like fine strands of hair are left in , making the photo realistic after you put your own background in . The browser is easy to use and provides options for using the photos for the casual hobbyist as well as the graphics professional . I expect to be buying Hemera 's large 50,000 collection as soon as I can afford it . I am a professional graphic designer .
 I purchased this software , and i have to say the quality of the clip art is excellent.I am going to order another Hermera product .
 This product was highly satisfactory overall . I was mainly interested in getting some clipart for one specific type of event , graduation , and the collection did have some acceptable images . The collection does seem to have a lot of goofy , distorted images , like where the person 's face is oversized , or distorted , and I do n't like to use those type of images . However , there are apparently some people who like that sort of image , so there may be some uses of them for some people . Anyway ... like I said it also has images I consider highly usable . A tricky thing about clipart collections in general is the license aggreement , which sometimes can allow only print versions of the images or has other complications that are troublesome . This collection had an acceptable license aggreement ... I could use the images on a web site , so it is also good in that respect . The images offered are all on the CD , that is good too . -LRB- Some collections are sold just a come-on to buy a clipart subscription , but this collection is on the CD , so again it is a good deal . -RRB- This particular collection is a few years old based on the copyright , however that is ok with me because my use requires a classic sort of image . So overall , this product is OK with me .
 Sorry to read that the reviewer before me had such a bad experience with the Music Conservatory ! I encountered none of the mentioned problems , as a matter of fact I have been impressed with the easy installation . Once installed , navigation is easy and logical ; my piano students have no problems using the program by themselves , without much tutoring . Everything is easy to read , graphics are good , audio is good , video clips are short but interesting , they work perfectly fine on my computer ! I especially like the fact that every musical style period , every instrument and every musical term is not only explained but also pronounced -LRB- correctly ! -RRB- - really helpful for music lovers who have n't had the good luck of a formal musical education . There is so much information here
 A really good product . easy to setup and use . multiple personalities for multiple people using the same computer and/or multiple accounts . Works great ... good support
 This is a great way to stimulate kids creativity . They get to create their own vehicle and own tracks to race or they can use what is there . There is great intrest and fun for kids .
 My 6 YO son - and husband ! - love this game . He gets to play after his homework is done , and it 's a great motivator
 This print shop deluxe 12 and Clip Art Parties and Entertainment bundle is worth the $ $ $ , which is a very good sale . it has everything you would need to make at home publishing a snap .
 thanks for making me talk to my friends around the world
 Want to make your computer display your photos when idle ? Want to make a full screen slide show presentation ? This is the right thing for it . Lots of options , lots of customizing , giving full control over the content of the screen saver .
 Learn typing quick and easy is a great typing tutor ! I learned how to touch type really good in 5 days . It shows every thing you have to do and you do that . Then you practice that using the four games that they give you . -LRB- which are fun -RRB- Thats why I choose to write a reveiw on this tutor because it really works .
 I recommend this software highly . I wish I had more time to pursue this convenient way to learn piano . I would get a full size MIDI board .
 AutoMate allows you to construct automated ` procedures ' that can start any application and then make it do anything you need at designated intervals . You can launch automated procedures and reminders at any given frequency - i.e. minutes , hourly , daily , weekly , only on weekdays , only on weekends , biweekly , monthly , quarterly , yearly and all combinations and multiples thereof.Features : Wizard Based Format,Easy-to-Use Macro Builder , Launch Automated Tasks at Any Given Frequency , Retain a Comprehensive Log of All Events.Windows 95,98,98 SE , ME , NT4 .0 . Stop going through the menial steps of repetitive work when you can have it done for you !
 It 's difficult to be entirely objective reviewing something you 've put so much time , effort , and pride into . Obviously I 'll gush over Nicktoons regardless of content after working on the level design with Randy Angle and Ken Volmer . But it 's something of a nice surprise when you discover that the game not only meets your expectations , but exceeds them . The bottom line is Nicktoons Racing
 I purchased the Dragon NaturallyMobile system for dictating away from my office , and it has fulfilled all of my expectations . The unit is ergonomic , useful , compact , and fully capable . Further , with additional memory cards , its storage capacity is virtually unlimited . The only downside , in my opinion , is the intuitiveness of the download feature . Upon returning to the office , a one button download feature would be helpful . However , all things considered , this is an excellent product worthy of investigation by those professional who live and die by the dictaphone .
 This software is easy to use and provides enough space to record tens of thousands of your ancestors and other relatives . I would strongly recommend it for anyone interested in genealogy . It is good for both one just starting out , and also for the most advanced researcher . I have used Family Tree Maker software for nine years and have upgraded it frequently as they have made additions and improvements . The 2005 software continues those improvements . However , since 2006 is now available , one might consider buying that instead . One word of caution -- this software , like any genealogy software , wo n't do the work for you . You must do the research in finding your ancestors , but this package does provide many useful aids .
 We purchased Family Tree Maker 2005 to begin recordng our family history . The tools included and bonus extras have helped us to research our roots far beyond our expectations within the first few weeks . Using the internet we have been able to document a good deal of the records of our immediate ancestors and gather some clues to even much earlier family ties , even from earlier centuries and across the waves . Quite a bargain .
 This is a great old program that works great before they sold the Company.Works great on older Computers with the old operating systems .
 I had Version 5 of Family tree Maker , when I first started doing Genealogy . Something happened to my computer and I had lost the 3,000 names and info I had added . I was n't sure if I could get this version again or not . When I saw it on the internet at Amazon.com , I immediately ordered it.Downloaded the program and then used the CD I had some of my genealogy on and lo and behold all the info popped right up in the program so now I do n't need to add all the names over again , just the ones that had not been saved to a CD . I am so happy with your product !
 i know there are far more involved programs out there but i am not trying to write the next `` Roots '' so this suited my needs just fine . has lot of features most of which i will never use . i am pleased and will upgrade to another FTM program when the time comes
 A good deal because of free subscription to Ancestry.com , but this 2005 version does n't work with Vista , and I tried downloading their patch for Vista and that does n't work either . Well worth it for the free subscription , though .
 I have always found Norton useful , if not necessary . It 's saved me -LSB- and my system -RSB- on several occasions . Whenever I find my -LSB- mac -RSB- computer is acting up , I run Norton just to be safe . For me , it 's like a mac oil change .
 My sister had a problem with her internet connection . We installed an OS X Update . The computer would n't start up . We ran the Apple Disk Utility which found errors but could n't repair them . Disk Doctor found a number of errors repaired them and the computer started up . Her network connection was working too . Well worth the money and not having to clean install .
 ... For some reason ... but probably related to powering on and off the Firewire CD burner , forcing Finder to restart , and having problems with Toast simultaneously , my VST 30GB SmartDisk went Kaplooey ! ... OS X would `` see '' it -LRB- a check of the console log indicated that it was being found but there was an `` fsck failure '' -- such a helpful message -RRB- and report that I should use the Disk Utility on it . Disk Utility reported the oft-mentioned `` Keys out of order '' error message of death , claimed to fix it , and accomplished nothing after repeated verifications and repairs.According to several websites , though Apple remains silent on the matter , the only way to fix this problem is to reformat the drive , an unacceptable proposition . I began the march through my utilities.Norton Utilities 4.0 and 5.0 would n't touch it -- the drive is Firewire and could n't be seen without an attempt to mount it by the Finder causing the `` format or forget it '' message . Same for DiskWarrior 2.1 . Techtools 3.0.5 would n't do it , either , for still yet the same reason . FWB HDT ca n't fix anything . Bottom line , anything running in Classic or OS 9 would n't do anything with the drive other than offer to format it for me and I had nothing native to OS X . So I ordered SystemWorks which claims to be the OS X utility for everything.Surprisingly , it worked ! It fixed the `` keys of death '' problem and -LRB- poof ! -RRB- my drive was back and in good health . As best I can tell , no data were lost . In other words , I had a very , very positive experience . Where Disk Utility absolutely falls flat on its face , SystemWorks came through!I highly recommend the product , even though I have n't checked out a single one of its other features .
 As with most Mac software , this was easy to install and relatively easy to use . But be careful . With the new Mac OS X versions , you need to install the `` classic '' version protection as well . And unless you use the CD as the start up disk , you will get an error when you try to run the programs and you 'll get no help.That said , if you read the `` read Me '' file , you 'll know better . Starting up the Mac properly -LRB- from the CD ; holding down the ` C ' key -RRB- , I ran the disk doctor , the speed disk optimizer and the virus program with no fuss , no muss . Run the disk doctor first , before you optimize . The doctor made some quick fixes , the optimization program cleared up a severely fragmented hard disk drive , and the virus software detected and repaired numerous if previously undetected or noticed viruses . You should sit and watch the disk doctor program run through its paces as it offers fixes you need to approve before it makes its recommended changes . The optimization process takes perhaps a twenty to thirty minutes but can be run unaccompanied . The virus program found and fixed problems on its own . There are live updates for virus protection available for those who register and sign on . I 'll get there later ; in my experience Macs get few viruses and if you practice `` safe mail '' -LRB- throw out unsolicited or unknown source mail -RRB- , I have been without virus problesm of note in my fifteen years on Macs . But , like he said in Hill Street Blues , `` Let 's be careful out there . `` Finished with this , there was no immediate acceleration or noticeable difference in the speed or efficiency of my somewhat dated , iMac -LRB- 333 MgH -RRB- although I work now with a much greater sense of confidence that my disks and files are safe and in order . This is an insurance and peace of mind package for me . I do n't use the high-end , file recovery programs . Let 's hope I wo n't need them , either.For the upgrade rebate offer , make sure you keep the packaging and hope you can locate your old version of the software or a receipt . The rebate can cut the price by $ -LSB- money -RSB- .
 I wanted to write this review because I think people need more information on a product before deciding to make a purchase . I bought it because I read a review on resume books and software and I decided this was the best one out of all of them . This was based on the fact that it includes 250 career-specific sample designs for resume layout , 12,000 prewritten phrases , 3,600 action word thesaurus , 10 elegant professional fonts , AND MOST OF ALL , 500 practical questions that you are likely to encounter in real face-to-face interviews .
 OK . I do n't normally waste my time writing these reviews , but ResumeMaker deserves some of my time . I am a general sales manager for a techology company and I already had a resume before I purchased this software -LRB- I wanted to take advantage of the Internet job search features -RRB- but I was shocked that it helped me improve my resume as much as it did . Last week I had to choose from 5 job offers - I 'm happy . I rated this software with 5 stars , it helped me a ton.Char .
 I had many problems with version 7.0 of this product . However , after acquiring version 7.3 , we have a winner . All the printing problems are gone and all the errors have ceased . The video 's are helpful , the resume wizard is great , and the online search is fantastic . My favorite thing is the amount of resume styles you can choose from . I highly recommend Resume Maker Deluxe 7.3 .
 I rate job hunting up there with getting your teeth pulled . This program made the process much easier . Making resumes was a snap . Cover letters were also very easy . There is also a lot about this program I liked but there was also a few rough edges that could be ironed out.For example , I did like the Contact Manager feature which helps you keep track of all the places you 've applied to or are investigating . Its looks like a dumb-down version of Filemaker Pro crossed a little bit of MS Outlook . Unfortunately , It could use some features such as reminder feature that lets you know you should follow up on something as soon as you boot up your computer -LRB- Outlook does this -RRB- . There are also other things I wish ResumeMaker could do like convert resumes to MS Word format . The job hunting feature is good but a bit slower than using your regular internet browser.Like I said , there are lots of rough spots - too numerous to list . Still I recommend this program for making a -LRB- pontentially -RRB- painful process much easier . So the good outweighs the bad ...
 When I bought my Mac G3 -LRB- OS 8.6 -RRB- , I was frustrated by the lack of Mac-dedicated printers in the mid-price range . I eventually settled on the Laserjet 1100se because of my previous good fortune with HP . I had heard about the Powerprint USB to parallel converter that worked with the HP . I have had good luck with Powerprint after printing a couple of thousand pages with it . The speed is adequate for home office use . With a few exceptions , the printer has the same functionality as it would have with a Windows system . Some of the special characters will not print in some font sets -- bullets for example . And the `` economode '' in printing does not work . This is only a minor issue . The kit comes with cable , special mini-centronics adapter , and software .
 When Steve Jobs announced that all the new 2003 Macs would only be able to boot in OS X , I figured it was time to step up to the plate , get oriented to the new OS and upgrade our art department . The only thing holding me back was not having a page layout app that ran natively in 10 , and I had no intention of working in Jurassic mode . I had heard less than positive things about InDesign 1.0 , but figured I 'd do the free tryout from Adobe , since it would give me the chance to test drive Jaguar in an all-Adobe environment.Talk about a revelation . This program 's ease of use had me creating usable projects inside of a week , and by the time the tryout expired , I had converted about 150 pages of our company catalog from the old Quark files . That was when I realized how much we truly needed this package . It was as if I 'd been using it for years . I could import files from Illustrator and Photoshop without having to save them as tiffs or eps . I could export press optimized pdfs without going through Distiller , that weighed in at a thrifty 4.5 mb ... . not bad when the Photoshop elements totalled over 50 meg ! The tables tool is extremely helpful ; it functions like a mini Excel , eliminating the need for tabs in charts . The text formatting is a breeze , the preview display looks great even at low quality , and proofs that I output to my inket printer look phenomenal . Just try doing that in Quark without getting nauseous . But wait - there 's more ... . layer support and blending modes , transparency , drop shadows , gradiated text , and the list goes on . We do n't need no steenking XTensions ... Adobe InDesign is , at the time of this writing -LRB- 11/02 -RRB- still the only layout app that runs natively in Mac OS X , thus completing the Holy Publishing Trinity with Illy and PShop . In a way , Quark has done us a favor by dragging their feet on upgrading , thereby giving us a chance to try out a tool that is so much better , more intuitive and integrated with the other tools we have to use . It 's as if Adobe stood back and observed all that did n't quite work about QXP -LRB- and that other abomination PageMaker which the company may just as well disavow -RRB- , and created an app that works beautifully without having to think about it too much . Whatever the case , the timing is right , and we Mac users really appreciate it.Adobe InDesign and Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar is , quite simply , a publisher 's marriage made in Heaven .
 I found that InDesign 2.0 offers greater flexibility than Quark and certainly is light years past PageMaker . Clearly , you need to read and compare the features of these page layout programs and , if at all possible , try the various page layout software before making a purchase . These programs still cost big bucks.InDesign has so many whistles and bells that at first it overwhelms , but if you are already familiar with other Adobe software , the learning curve is not that steep and most of the tools and controls will seem fairly intuitive.I especially like the flexibility of being able to import native Photoshop and Illustrator files and the easy-to-use links navigator . I also like all of the options for working with text and fine-tuning the appearance of a document . It 's great to have a drop cap appear at the start of a paragraph without relying on extra tools -LRB- as in PageMaker -RRB- and seeing a preview of how a change in attributes will alter text of the same style . Features such as the ability to add metadata and export pages in SVG format are another plus.The manual is pretty clear , though the section on breaking text links is needlessly confusing . Still , between the information in the manual and the online resource guide , most questions and issues are likely to be addressed.If you are creating books , directories , and annual reports , then InDesign will make your life easier . It even converts Quark files so that you can work with any legacy documents .
 If you 're running OS X , InDesign is a must have for page layout . A very short learning curve particularly if you 're familiar with other Adobe design softwares . Since Quark is taking their sweet time coming to the OS X table , I went ahead and tried InDesign and must say I was totally impressed .
 If you 're running OS X , InDesign is a must have for page layout . A very short learning curve particularly if you 're familiar with other Adobe design softwares . Since Quark is taking their sweet time coming to the OS X table , I went ahead and tried InDesign and must say I was totally impressed .
 Yes , Canvas IS a complex program , but that dose n't make it a bad program ! It is complex for one good reason ... It is the best drawing/graphics program made , and it HAS to be complex to perform the incredible affects it is able to do . Doing basic drawings and designing images is easy to do . It is only when you come into lighting affects and transparancy features that it becomes a little harder to use . -LRB- and then again , I STILL do n't think it is hard to use ! Just harder then normal drawing -RRB- After all , for every computer graphic I do , I use Canvas 6 , and Photoshop to perform and render images . -LRB- Look , if you have Photoshop , this program is as easy to use as it . -RRB- Canvas is basically the same as Photoshop , only it is , as I said earlier , more for actually drawing the images . If you like Photoshop , then you will deffinately enjoy this program ! By all means , anybody who is into graphics and web designing should have this program . It will make designing a whole lot easier and quicker . You wo n't regret getting this program ! -LRB- I have yet to find a bug on the original Canvas 6 , although I must say I have n't updated it with plug-ins . I have heard complaints that plug-ins will add some bugs to the program , and make it a little more confusing . -RRB- Even if Canvas 6 has been replaced by the new 7 version , it will always remain one of my favorite programs , and in years to come , will be looked at as a high-tech program . It 's worth the price tag !
 If you are a writer or ever just need to grasp a new or different word , Big Thes 2.1 is for you . It 's an interactive thesaurus and a great writing tool . It is set up as a Mac 9.X system extension and is always available onscreen , via a small menu drop-down at the top of the screen.To use , you highlight a word in ANY program - Word , Office , Pagemaker , Quark - it does n't matter . Then reach up and click on the Big Thes drop down menu , highlight `` lookup selection '' and bam -- you get nouns , verbs , adjectives and everything else.It has 1.4 million combinations , organized by meanings , and up to 40 different definitions per word.When you find the one you want , you hit `` replace '' and keep on writing.It 's nifty.I gave it only 4 because they have not upgraded it to system 10 for the Mac .
 I finally upgraded from the old Ultimate Family Tree and I love the flexibility and the search cabability of this program . I have been able to find so much more information and document sources on the fly . It is a bit clunky at first so i suggest getting the User Manual , however , once you figure out everything you can do with this program , it 's awesome !!
 I upgraded to this new version and am not disappointed . I still find it to be one of the best genealogy programs available . With a growing database spanning thousands of individuals and many decades , it handles all my research and information flawlessly .
 I have had this program for a couple months now and it works fabulously . I updated from FTM 9 and it completely transferred all my information very quickly . I have thoroughly enjoyed this program and it helped me to find family I have searched and searched for . It 's great !
 I do n't know why anyone would have difficulty installing this product . The installation was cake , and the benefits are huge ! I love this program ! I guess there 's always someone with a different experience.I find the sales letters very helpful . My correspondence is gaining more attention due to our very improved sales copy . Our messages are clear and far more persuasive , mainly due to this inexpensive software .3,001 Business & Sales Letters is a GREAT product ! Thank you !
 I purchased `` Learn French Now ! Win/Mac '' based on my previous use of version 6 for an older Mac Powerbook . The older version would n't run on my newer computer , so I had to purchase the newer version . There appears to be some minor improvements , including access to the internet to provide helpful grammatical references . The interactive dialog is the greatest aspect of this software . It allows you to read , listen , or participate in interactive conversations . In addition , the software tracks your progress with sound graphing and voice playback of your conversation . The program also has interactive games that let you break the monotony of learning . I have tried other language software programs , but this is the best software for the price that I have encountered . I am making steady progress in the uninterrupted privacy of my home . As with all learning aids , the most effective progress can be made by scheduling routine , habitual sessions with the software . If you are not prepared to do this , then it is doubtful that any software at any price will not meet your expectations . I highly recommend this software for the beginning French language enthusiast .
 I had `` Learn German , '' and `` Learn Spanish '' by this company , so I knew I 'd like their French lessons . The CD can be installed on your computer 's hard drive to make repeated use more convenient . The program will give you sentences at conversational speed , clearly spoken , but you can listen one word at a time , using `` repeat '' as often as necessary . There are many variations included , making learning fun and easy . I recommend this product highly .
 I bought this primarily to work on verbal skills and comprehension when listening to spoken French . It 's working and I enjoy studying with it . The software did n't install initially due to a problem with the CD but the Amazon seller contacted the vendor and resolved the problem by getting me a good copy ASAP . I had excellent customer service .
 I have used the prior programs also , and find that this one keeps up with the quality of its predecessors , Just a Great Program when used correctly and according to the Instruction Manual ... and a always Amazon is the place to find and purchase items such as this one . . Walleye22in
 I have been selling incense for several years and my customers who were making the switch to scanning their products asked me to put a bar code on my incense . Label Factory was recommended so I purchased it and it has made it very easy for me accomplish what I needed for my labels . It 's easy to download and begin creating . It 's user friendly so I was able to quickly design the labels I needed . I use it in tandem with microsft publisher ; inserting clip art and word-art gallery when naming my incense . I 've never had a problem printing out my designs.I think this software is useful for small businesses that need barcodes .
 Not the easiest software to learn to use . Big download to make it Vista compatible . Need to insert second disk to get the second half of the art work . But it does work as advertised . I 'd buy it again .
 This product works well for designing labels of all sorts . I 've used the previous version of Label Factory and all my labels transferred over to Version 3.0 . Also , 3.0 has an expanded set of clip art . Good product.Works with Vista .
 When selecting these products from a page and the page gives you an option to see a larger picture , it would help if that picture gave you a better insite to what the product is capable of doing . I like the lable factory but it is not very easy to navagiate .
 This program is very easy to use and the labels print beautifully . Mail merge is made simple , too . There are a lot of pre-made designs to chose from but it also allows you to be creative and make your own . I have made many types of address labels as well as labels for wine bottles - all look professionally done .
 I purchased this product to make various wedding labels . I was pleased with the final products and was surprised how easy they were to create . The only drawback I found was the quality of the clip art images . Although there are several images , some are not well designed . Also , there is a very limited amount of holiday clip art . Overall , this was a good choice and I will definitely be using it again and again .
 This product solved a problem for me , it was quick to set up , easy to use , and for those who need it has a neat spindle adapter to use with CD and DVD labels .
 I really love this software because it 's helping me to learn conversational Japanese . This is a very good software for someone who wants to learn Japanese . I practice everyday and it 's a lot of fun ! My accent is getting better everyday and I really love this software ! It takes a lot of practice to learn a new language . So if you want to learn Japanese try it today!Sayonara !
 This was not my first product for learning Mandarin . This CD has lots of language depth and multimedia features . This is not a casual learn while you listen type of product , it is for getting down to the business of studying . It has buttons to play a recording of the whole sentence or just one word . It also has a recorder that will grade you on your pronunciation . I am very pleased with the product .
 I interested in bougth this product , more here do n't give information about of the version . For example , in the site of this product recomend the deluxe version 8 . Someone know this information of the product in amazon ?
 I bought this for my 4-year old 's B-day . He absolutely loves almost all the games . I would even rank the pooh , the clifford , and the blues clues games a five star . However , the game with the car on the front is actually quite difficult . Him and I , together , have n't yet been able to figure it out . Therefore the 4 stars . However , I would definitely buy this product again ...
 Best Firewall for the money . Very flexible and complete . The learning curve is steep , though .
 I bought this game for some extra math practice in the summer . My six-year-old is a math whiz -LRB- she is already doing basic multiplication and division in her head -RRB- , and enjoys playing the medium and hard levels of the game . My 4-year-old does n't read yet , but can do most of the easy level problems . The game reads all of the instructions out loud , so he just has to listen carefully to the task.I like the fact that you can install the game on the hard drive and all your progress is saved , and it supports multiple players . Each completed task earns money for the players to use in the arcade , which only becomes available after the player has completed every task at least once . You can complete the tasks in any order , and revisit any task at any time . There is a map on the help screen to keep track of which tasks have been completed . The arcade games are also somewhat educational , testing memory -LRB- Monster Memory Match resembles the electronic Simon game -RRB- , visual perception -LRB- Bug Bomber is a lot like Bejeweled -RRB- , and eye-hand coordination -LRB- Big Top Bounce is like Break Away -RRB- . The games include :1 . Filling orders at a toy store , learning place value and borrowing2 . Completing window patterns on the skyscraper , much like tangrams3 . Sorting animals at a pet store based on number of legs , color , or pattern4 . Selecting items at a bulk grocery store , testing greater or less than ; small , medium , and large ; and equivalent quantities5 . Filling candy orders with the right number of each candy -LRB- and at the higher levels , choosing the right size box to fill -RRB- 6 . Sorting pies , which uses basic multiplication and division7 . Making smoothies , correctly measuring ingredients8 . Weighing fish , comparing different weight combinations9 . Measuring fruits and vegetables , using a ruler and comparing lengths10 . Riding the bus , counting out exact change11 . Riding the subway , finding the correct stop number12 . Riding the ferry , setting the clock to the correct timeThe game is full of animations to explain every task or thank you for helping out . Fortunately , you can skip over any animation by hitting the Escape key . There is a help icon in the corner if you need extra information for any task . All in all , my kids really like it , and it seems like a good way to reinforce some basic math skills . I like it enough that I am planning to purchase the version for grades 3-5 , as well .
 I was a little nervous about buy this at first . Then when my 4 year old boy who is very bright and a computer whiz got a hold of it he just loves it . Almost every day we have to pry him off to come eat . My son loves computer games like first person mystery , shooter , and platform games and I thought that he might get bored with this game . What a surprise to me when he likes playing it more then his platform and shooter games . He has had this for 3 weeks and has now moved on to lvl 2 of all the games . There are 3 lvls for every game . Each lvl requires different ways to solve a problem and makes the game that more fun . The game is full of happy , positive reinforcement animation , and funny little things that you can do while playing the game . We love it and will buy the 3-5 grade probably in a few months for him . I have seen a huge difference in my sons eagerness to learn math with everything around him . He just ca n't get enough . Now I need to find a game as wonderful as this one for reading . Oh and my son will be in Kindergarten this coming school year in 2010 . He is going to rock at math .
 My 6 year old mastered the Math Missions 3-5 so I got this K-2 game for his 4 year old sister . Both kids love this game . Sometimes I have to pry them off the computer ! A very good choice for your 4-7 year old !
 I tried this software for my 1st grader . I would say that some of the activities are above her level but playing this one is fun . Early geometry , sorting , accounting and much more . My friend saw it and is planning to buy one for his kids . Recommend this one to anyone who wants math challenge for the kids .
 My five - and six-year-old children love all the games and activities in `` Math Missions '' and , I have to say , I do too . There are so many learning opportunities available in `` Math Mission '' that children of all ages should be able to learn something at some point.Activities include sorting , counting , number identification , setting clock times , measuring ingredients to make smoothies , logical comparisons and more.Works speedily on XP , but the CD must be in the drive in order to play.If you 're going to plunk down the cash for one piece of educational software for young children , your money will be well spent on `` Math Missions . '' Highly recommended .
 Bought this for our kindergartener who needed some practice with numbers . It has been fun for her to play and does n't feel like homework . The activities seem well suited to differing levels of skill . Overall a good way to practice math skills .
 bought it for my kids , they love to play this math game . Seem a bit easy for him . product ship as promised .
 I ca n't say enough of this software . My children are in grade 1 now and love the game . Its has three levels , and the games are based on normal life activities . It is very educational but fun at the same time . My child was having a bit of difficulties counting in 10 , but that 's over now thanks to this software . They practice what they learn at school , and the best of all is that it makes them love math even more which is the whole point .
 My six year old loves this game . Very creative and keeps a child 's interest ! This was totally worth the buy .
 Luckily I have an old computer running XP and that is where this program now lives . It would have been nice to have it on the Vista computer too but it wanted me to change the monitor settings and I am unwilling to do so . My kids are really enjoying this game and learning a lot .
 Normally I wait until I 've owned and used something for awhile before I review it . However , I thought I 'd help everyone else who owns a windows 7 computer . We inserted the disk and it worked right away . -LRB- As my title says , we have Windows 7 64 bit . -RRB- We homeschool our kids and our 7 year old has been hesitant to want to learn math . -LRB- He 's fine with the theory , he just does n't want to try and figure out problems on his own . -RRB- Well , now he 's doing math . The problems get harder as he works at them . If he does n't know how to do something he clicks on a device and he 's given instruction . We 've only had it three days but he asks to play it . We 'll see how it goes over time , but so far , so good.For memorizing basic problems we will be usingTimez Attack Standard -- Home LicenseYou can go to their website and download for free or buy the expanded version . The downside is addition and subtraction are still in beta testing so as I write they are not complete . Hopefully soon . However , multiplication and division are completed and are fun ways for kids to memorize their facts .
 My six year old enjoys playing it , and it does seem to teach him a few things . The price was good .
 My daughter who is 5 and will be turning 6 in a few months loves this software . She has been playing around on a computer for about a year and was needing more advanced software for her age as she was outgrowing what she had and needed something more challenging . She loves this one . I have not had a chance to sit and really look through everything it has on there but she has come to me repeating things she has learned off of it and I have to limit her time as she wants to stay on the computer all the time playing it !
 my grandson loves playing this I really think it is helping him under stand math better . I also think it is showing him how to save
 All three of my children loved this CD . It is fun , challenging and clever . I used it over the summer to keep math skills sharp . The 6 year old needed little help to navigate . My five year old plays along with his sister 's help . No frustrating glitches for my PC laptop that usually drive a parent crazy . Worth having in the learning library .
 My 7 year old son is not a fan of Math . He gets frustrated and gives up . Standard worksheets overwhelm him . I bought something that is more game-oriented . This was perfect . He loves making the smoothies , which involves measuring and counting . For each activity he finishes , he earns money to play in the Arcade . The games in there so far are pretty boring . He prefers the activities , which is fine with me .
 Both my 6 and 8 year old enjoyed the games in this program . I think it is a good fun way to get kids to practice math skills .
 This is a very good game . My boys are just turned five and seven . They both can play it , as they have appropriate content for both of them . The best part is that they can pretty much play it all by themselves . It 's easy to navigate . I have some other games that are hard to navigate , and I have to sit there the whole time and assist . My eldest was really having issues with enjoyment of math . He can do it just fine , but was beginning to convince himself that he was terrible at it , and that it was awful . This has helped him immensly he has a renewed enthusiam and thinks it 's really fun . I have positve feelings toward scholastic products . I have been really pleased with most things I have purchased from them and this is obviously no exception
 An old program to run on my old computer . I have used it before , so there were no surprises . Well satisfied .
 Do you ever get files in a format that is not on your PC , like if someone sends you a MAC file , and you use a Dell or a Gateway , or vice versa ? Are you a Newsletter editor for your group , or do you teach and have to open and read e-files from students ? How about e-mail attachments from friends who use ` different ' programs ? If so , this software will be an absolute lifesaver for you . With Conversions Plus , you can actually convert a MAC file to a Windows file - it is an amazing utility . I edit a Newsletter for my group and often get reports or letters in word processing programs or graphic files that I do not have on my PC . Well , no problem with Conversions Plus - they will open up and you can convert them to a format that you can use and edit . Its that simple . People will think you are computer whiz - when its just this software ! An indispensible utility .
 This product has been a life savor . It will convert files to just about any format you need .
 This box came with several games on seperate disks , so you choose if you want to install one or all of them . The games I liked were , Theme Hospital and Sim Safari . The rest of them you could take or leave . But for the price , it was worth it just for the two games alone . Sim Theme Park never did work , or I couldnt figure it out , but it didnt look good enough to worry about anyhow , especially after playing Roller Coaster Tycoon . Sim Life , Sim Earth , Pinball and Marbles just collect dust.Theme Hospital is a great game with hours of enjoyment , great graphics , and humourous diseases like The Squits , which sends the patient to the bathroom alot , and Sim Safari is really cool where you set up a Wild Life Safari and a camp , by hiring locals from the village . As long as you do good , the village thrives . Its alot of fun . I rate this four stars only because the rest of the games sucked , but thats just IMHO .
 My 13-year-old daughter LOVES the SIM City game . We had to get the older version which comes in this 10-pack , because her computer was not large enough -LRB- RAM -RRB- for the newer version . I caution against loading all the games at once , since they take a lot of space . However , in terms of fun , educational value and intellectual challenge , the games are fantastic.She really has not gotten much past SIM city . She looked at the Ants game briefly and thought it was a little weak.She 's learned a bit about the economics and ecological balance needed to operate a city and has had fun destroying a city or two with the floods and other natural disasters you can create . It would probably really appeal to boys for that reason . It satisfies the need for bashing things up with out being violent . I enjoy watching her build things and listening to her explain how it all works together . It 's surprisingly realistic .
 I bought this pack mainly for Theme Hospital - which I have now played to death and figure I got my money 's worth with just that one game.SimCity 2K - an old classic . I have n't loaded this on my new machine because SC3K is so much superior . But if you have no Sim City games , you 'll get a kick out of SC2K.SimAnt - another one I had previously and enjoyed . Sort of a short game to play , but I thought it was fun.SimLife - I was so excited about this one when it was new , but I could n't ever seem to figure out how to play it properly . I tried again recently , and it 's still greek to me.SimEarth - ditto what I said for Sim Life . They look very similar to me , actually.Theme Park - I did n't load this , I already have SimTheme Park which I think is nearly the same . Which is n't nearly as good as Hasbro 's Roller Coaster Tycoon.SimSafari - a new one to me , I 've fiddled with it a little when I had time and it looks pretty promising.Marble Drop - this one I could n't load on my XP machine.Extreme Pinball and Power Poker - I have n't even bothered to try loading these two ... I have a bazillion pinball and card games already so I just tossed these aside .
 This pack is neat . Some of the games such as Sim Earth and Sim Life take time to master . These games do n't have great graphics but are fun . Theme Hospital is my favorite . It is hard to find unless you buy it in this pack or the other top pack . Theme Park is in this pack but it is hard to run since it is dos . All of the sim games are cool in here . There is also a marble game , a poker game and a pinball game . This pack is worth the money . Even if you just buy it for a few of the games .
 The Top Ten Family Fun Pack is rather difficult when it comes to getting started . After installing some of the games , you may find it hard to learn how to play . Games like Theme Hospital and Sim Copter are easy to learn because of the tutorials that you can run . Other games like Sim Earth and Sim Life are more difficult because no tutorial is supplied and it can take quite a long time to search through the help file and find that certain section you are looking for . One note to consumers is that Theme Park will not work unless your computer 's DOS version can recognize a mouse . Most of the newer computers are capable of playing Theme Park . Any computer manufactured before 1998 may not be capable of running Theme Park . Check with your computer manufacturer for more information and to find out if you are capable of running Theme Park .
 This game pack is so cool the games I liked were Marble Drop and Theme Hospital . Marble Drop is a game where you drop a marble down a rack and into a slot . If the marble is not the same color as the slot the marble explodes . Once my dad started playing Marble Drop you could n't get him off the computer . Marble Drop is a very entertaining game . Theme hospital is a game where you build a hospital , buy extra land , keep track of the money and cure the people . The patients have diseases like bloaty head and other funny diseases you have to cure . Also , you have to build rooms and hire staff . Theme Hospital is a game you just have to have .
 This is excellent ! Theme Hospital by itself could sell for $ 20 , and so could Marble Drop . And so could Sim City 2k . AND THERE ARE SEVEN OTHER GAMES BESIDES THOSE !!
 If you are trying to run MS-DOS games on Win . XP , it probably wo n't work . Microsoft is just saying ` Out with th old and on with the new ' . If you have Windows 3x , 95 , 98 , or ME you can run it . Here is how to do it w / 95 , 98 , or ME
 I thought this entire pack was quite fun and very cheap compared to buying everything sepratley . -LRB- Sorry im not a good speller . -RRB- Sim life has so many variables , Theme park you can have a very funny time , Theme hospital is almost addicting , and the rest are fun as every now and then games . Plus buing all else is over 30 $ . Thanx for listinging to me ramble .
 The Electronic Arts Top Ten Family Fun Pack has great `` Sim '' games plus more . The games in this pack are GREAT .
 I originally bought this because of Marble Drop , which I absolutely love . When I first installed marble drop , it would n't work , kept getting an error launching the game . However , after I rebooted my machine it started working fine . All in all , these are great games for the value .
 THEME HOSPITAL IS THE BEST GAME IN THE HISTORY OF THE UNIVERSE
 love this game ! My kids enjoy it and it is easy to use . Great for math practice that is fun .
 This was a fun , educational game for my student . I found it rather obnoxious to listen to , and I was fairly certain my student was guessing the answers to most of the problems , unfortunately . I wish they would have a smarter program for catching that sort of trend . He was interested in playing it , though , and I think that is something valuable .
 Great game for the kids . It seems to be very easy at the lower levels but is still very entertaining .
 This product is dated and low resolution , but the games are quite good.Like a lot of math education games , this appears to be a product from the 1990 's repackaged and sold as new . The resolution is low , the graphics weak , and there are no options to set to higher resolution screens . I suppose the fact that the game is listed as compatible with Win 95 and Win 98 should have been a warning sign.That caveat aside , the games are excellent , have value for speeding math skills , and kept my child 's attention for hours . If you buy this expecting an older product , then I would recommend it .
 I really like this game because it makes learning math fun . I say this because after every game , you get 10 $ and when you get 150 $ , you get to start your own arcade ! I do n't like this game because when you exit , when you come back after exiting it dose n't save your money or level ! I think that this product deserves a 4 because it has its ups and downs .
 My kids loved this game because it 's fun , fast moving and has quirky humor . I loved it because kids work on great math and logic problems that are not tedious or frustrating . I wish there was a version for higher grades . As with many of these softwares , the kids `` top out '' after a few levels and then they 're done with the disk . But on the way they have improved their math and logic skills .
 This is the best Math learning program I have encountered . My son actually asks to play this one . We have tried many through the years and he did n't really get much out of them but this one is different . He liked it so much he got my daughter to want one so I order her one for k-2 and she loves it . They really enjoy these , they are fun !! I highly recommed this product !!
 My boys both loved these games !! This is an awesome way to get kids to learn and have fun at the same time !! I would highly reccomend this to anyone with children !!
 My son loves this product and so do I . It is a challenge , but is well worth it . We love the mission and the scenery , and when the girl character says that when you need some help you can click on the hand held device to contact her . You also have a choice to go into in scenery you want to complete your mission . It 's fun and exciting .
 I purchased this program to help my third grader improve math skills . The program activities are grade level appropriate . The activities are engaging and keeps learning fun .
 My 6 year old son has played this game a lot over the past 3-4 months and loves it . He 's pretty much done with it now and wants another game like it . This has been a real hit . Get it !
 My son -LRB- 10yrs -RRB- had played Math Missions at school and begged me to get it for home . I could n't get him to stop playing it . As soon as my other son -LRB- 8yrs -RRB- could get to it , he started and would n't stop as well . They both blasted right through the game , so I guess my only negative is that it was n't longer .
 Fun games and this builds skills , they can go up levels as they master the lower ones . Too bad they do not make any more like this . Helps with review and learning & problem solving new math .
 This product works great with Outlook - even from behind my company 's firewall . There 's hardly any installation , and it catches about 95 % of the spam -LRB- about 75 a day for me -RRB- . I have noticed that my system has slowed down at times and even crashed on a few occassions , but this seems to be a common issue with spam software and has not been a real problem.Easily worth the money - you can also try it out for free .
 iHateSpam not only blocks the lion 's share of spam I receive , it also allows me to send a -LRB- convincing but fake -RRB- bounce message and/or report spam abuse to various authorities . iHateSpam also allows the user to easily tag a sender/domain as a friend or enemy and black/whitelist them accordingly . The program is easy to install and configure out of the box , and allows for extensive tweaking to make it work the way you want it to . As a network sysadmin who is very conservative about introducing new software in a corporate environment , I consider iHateSpam to be the most stable , user-accessible and empowering anti-spam software currently available , and have recommended it for corporate use without hesitation .
 Really impressed by the 95 % spam accuracy out of the box . With the bayesian training i have it catching close to 99 % of the spam , with 0 legitimate email being caught . I 'm a linux guy at heart , but on windows and Outlook -LRB- corporate sh ** t -RRB- IhateSpam is awesome .
 This program is easy to install , works very well , and rapidly cleans out `` in-box '' junk . I receive 60-70 pieces of spam per day , and it processes them in approximately 20 seconds . The filtering accuracy rate is around 95 % . Integrates very nicely with XP-Outlook-Norton , and is much more effective than Outlook 2003 as a stand alone.The only issue I have encountered is the program is not designed to support multiple users signed on simultaneously . In XP this results in a blinking cursor . The cure is to log off when switching users . Support figuring out this `` undocumented feature '' was great.Have recommended and this to family of friends , and is a welcome tool in the anti-spam crusade .
 Since I started using this product I have no more spam and it never ever catches my good email . I get 300 + spam messages a day and it catches all of them . Awesome product , and it 's dirt cheap !
 MS Digital Image Suite is a great product . For the price the results are effective and it is easy to use unlike Photoshop . Pinnacle has some neat features but it does take forever to start up , save and it does crash a lot . I would recommend MS Digital Image to my friends but skip Pinnacle and save yourself some money and frustration .
 I 've messed with Corel Photopaint and Adobe but this little program is just as effective and A LOT EASIER TO USE . I have all three loaded on my computer and this is the one I keep going back to . I even like this better than Microsoft Publisher 2010 . If you do n't have this software yet it 's a must . Even with this set , the Pinnacle Studio is so so , the real value is with the `` Digital Image Suite '' .
 As a bundle purchase , I found the Pinnacle Studio unsatisfactory like the other reviewers on this site . BUT the Microsoft Digital Image Editor is GREAT ! I use it all the time . It takes a little while to get familiar with all it 's functions , or to even recognize it 's potential tasks . But it is much easier than Photoshop , maybe that 's because I 've had it longer and have used it more . I especially like to make photo collages , taking portions from various different pics and combining the cut-out sections onto a background to create a totally new photo image . Also I use the functions of the MDIS software to design labels for the CD 's that I burn . The possibilities of this software are limited only by the creative thinking of the user . I highly recommend this software ; I am happy to see it is still available . I do n't know if it will work on the newer Window OS 's . Users will need to inquire if it will function on Windowa Vista and Windows 7 OS . -LRB- I still use XP , which is totally acceptable for the MDIS platform . Good Luck and have fun if you buy this .
 Digital Image Suite , or DIPS , as we pros call it , loves our pocket books , is Simply Fantastic ! To run a typical PNG Alpha overlay with fade out is a 29 step `` process '' in my Photoshop , and countless clicks grind through to completion in about sixty minutes . Now , we are talking a multilayer image with identical quality coming from both Photoshop and DIPS . DIPS does the same job with three clicks . DONE ! Adobe master Suite for television animation drafts , and then some -LRB- $ 5000 -RRB- . But if you are content with 99.999 % of Business-education-government-etc graphics in our world , DIPS -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- . Three clicks in 3 seconds ... or 29 clicks and an hour . Think about it . For almost all of our work and play with photos and digital art , DIPS costs and performs with excellence in the REAL world . Thanks , Microsoft . DIPS , simply Fantastic !
 My grandson developed a large vocabulary before the age of three by using the Usborne CD-Rom in English . I have been looking for the Usborne CD-Rom series in Italian , German , and Chinese , but ca n't find any other Usborne language software products .
 Lightyears ahead Illustrator , Coreldraw came a long way since the first version . Since the hole graphic design industry was based at the time on the MAC , Illustrator became the standard , while Corel got stablished into the Windows plataform.But now that both plataform got so similar , The truth is that after this unspected shift , Illustrator got so afraid of Corel that they started to pay people to create positive reviews of the software.Corel was using interactive transparencies , Text envelopes , 3D extrudes & amazing Printing Options while Illustrator was still in dippers . Even more , after so many years of `` Illustrator '' the program is still incapable of showing Font Previews . It even tried to poorly imitate Corel 's Text Envelopes but it does not get even close.In CorelDraw you have many interactive tools that do the job , while in illustrator you need a many to acomplish the same . This forces you to deal with an interface crowded with useless & unecessary tools , no wonder it was finally recogniced by Macworld as Best of Show at MACExpo.There are so many features in draw that Illustrator lacks that you 'd need a book to enumerate . The only reason the graphic design industry does not like it is just because it comes from windows & they do n't like to learn better ways to do the same thing . It 's true in the past Corel was unstable but after version 7 the Illustrator got way behind.The truth is that you can do basicaly anything with any of this programs , the only diference is that with corel you can do it way faster . Besides , you get more for your money , Rave & PhotoPaint , this last two programs do a decent job thou I personally like Flash & Photoshop better . As you can see I ' not an Anti-Adobe I just state the obvious .
 more economical to buy 5 singles of this software than the 5 pack .
 Of all the software I have , Spell Catcher is probably the one I use most often . Sure my word processor has a built-in spell checker but it 's not as handy and powerful as Spell Catcher . And , Spell Catcher is n't limited to checking my typing in word processors and e-mail , it can spell check typing in any software I use -- including forms . Furthermore , Spell Catcher will automatically correct many common spelling errors without even bothering to notify you about them . For example , if you type `` recieve , '' Spell Catcher will automatically change it to receive . If there are any words which you commonly misspell , you can easily add them to the list of automatic corrections . My favorite feature of Spell Catcher is that you can create your own personal shorthand for words you commonly use . For example , if I type `` drs '' Spell Catcher automatically changes it to David R. Schryer . Currently , I have hundreds of words in my shorthand gossary . Believe me this significantly speeds up typing . Since you can create your own shorthand abbreviations , they 're easy to remember . All in all , Spell Catcher is a terrific piece of software .
 I 've used Spell Catcher for at least five years . Using `` keyboard shorthand '' has saved untold hours of typing . For example
 My first language with MS Windows was Visual Basic 3.0 . Once I started using Delphi 3.0 three years ago I never looked back . COM , ActiveX , components for a Multi-Tier architeture , fast compiles , true object oriented language , no OCX files to distribute , and more ! Try it and see for yourself !
 Forget about Microsoft , Borland 's Delphi and C++ Builder beat Visual Basic and Visual C++ cleanly . Be wise and choose Borland
 Delphi 5 Enterprise offers users and high productivity development team 's productivity with TeamSource . Development solutions in the areas of Internet and distributed computing.Delphi supports e-commerce , using HTML 4 and XML , the MIDAS PageProducer , and WebBroker for building distributed HTML applications Delphi 's InternetExpress includes the Web Client Page Wizard for creating flexible extensible systems.Scale your Internet applications using MIDAS leveraging all the distributing computing standards like CORBA , COM and MTS . Gain fast access to all types of information with ADOExpress , and boost your entire . Using the Visual Component Library with over 200 reusable components with source build , debug and deploy robust applications and use InterBase Express to create turnkey database systems
 Delphi has to be the best IDE for Windows , and certainly the best thing going for Pascal coding.Borland Delphi 5 is amazingly responsive , and works well on average hardware , compiles quickly , and has many features.A person can do in 100 lines of Delphi the same thing that takes 1000 's lines in C++ .
 I 've been programing Windows professionally since 3.1 , using C , C++ , Visual Basic , and even some Fortran . There is no question that Delphi is the best Windows development enironment currently available . It combines the speed of C++ with the flexibility of VB , while avoiding the complexity of C++ and the sloppy annoyances of VB . And it 's easy to learn - not as easy as VB , but _ way _ easier than C/C + + . Plus Borland will soon release Kylix , the Linux version of Delphi , and for the first time it will be relatively easy to port Windows apps to Linux - if the app was developed with Delphi .
 I 've always been keen on doing Windows programming rather than just stick with console programming using C++ . MS Visual Basic 6.0 did allow me to do just that , but somehow it never got me going , especially with more complex functions.Then , I heard of very good reviews of Delphi and started to get myself familiar with it . What an awesome programming language ! Although Delphi 5 is n't the most popular RAD tool , but its definitely the best ! The Professional version provides enough functionality to build good applications using components directly out of the box . The beauty of this IDE is also the fact that there are many , many more components which can be ` plugged ' into your projects , and some without having to do much or any coding/recoding , which is just great . Some even come with source codes , so that you might build upon rather than rebuild from scratch . Reusable and open source code is one of Delphi 's strong points.No matter what version you might have , you could probably find some components off the web which are either freeware or shareware and is just as , or even better than some components which came with the package . All I can say is that Borland created a really awesome tool that 's very easy to get used to . What about the bad points ? As I 'm not a professional , but rather a casual programmer , I found that compile , debugging times were just aweful compared to MS VB6 . Same goes with JBuilder , just to mention it . The Run-time was n't that great either , but who 's to complain when you can drastically cut down on development time . Documentation was alright , and to tell you the truth , more books should be written about it . Goes to show that Delphi is n't mainstream compared to C++ or VB.No one should spend lots of time doing basic coding of basic features of a program unless they have to , ESPECIALLY when it takes hundreds of lines to code in C++ . If you want to be involved in RAD , the Borland 's Delphi 5 is your best bet , guaranteed ! You get the power of C , but the ease of VB . No point ` reinventing the wheel ' like they all say . However , if you feel that C++ is your strength , go get Borland 's C++ Builder which sticks with the concept of visual design just like Delphi . I 'm was not a Borland fan in the beginning , but now I 'm giving my full support for it .
 Delphi is the best all around tool i 've used . You can do everything you can do in C++ and it 's so easy . It 's learning curve is almost the same one to learn Visual Basic . Delphi creates standalone executable without dlls , and your applications run since the first time like they are supposed to do . Ask anybody from VB to know the problems with VB.You can create apps , web server extensions , dlls , ActiveX Objects and ActiveX dlls , Control Panel applets , your own controls and much more . You have tons of components , and you can get more tons of them for free at the web.The standard version does n't have database components , so you should get instead the Pro or Enterprise version , although you can import the MSADO library and use it the same way you use it at VB.Delphi is what MS wants the . NET platform to be.Highly recommended . It 's sad that a lot of managers select VB without even considering other tools like Delphi , but if you know Delphi you will finish your projects before the others using VB and your app will run smoothly since the first time .
 It is true that this product does not contain much documentation because if you are buying it , you should alredy know a little pascal . Plus it comes with a TON of electronic documentation . This product is far better than Visual basic for 2 reasons
 Delphi is a wonderful tool , but be sure get the Pro version if you need or are evaluating the data-bound UI controls and datasets . Standard does n't have these . Odd that they would put Delphi standard in the `` Database '' section in view of this .
 I Realy ca n't see the need for the PRO edition if your not doing database work.reasons for standard edition I Do n't need Database stuff i have a linux box and use mysql Source code for the vclit gets the job done EXPEdit , ExpFtp , ExpMail were all coded in delphi with the standard edition
 Delphi 5 is the best thing in programming because of the line specification .
 Delphi 5 is an excellent tool to create any imaginable Windows software . It has the power of C++ and it 's as easy as Visual Basic , but it 's much faster , more reliable and stable and your apps are easy to deploy , due that you can create standalone executables.It 's a shame that people knowing the mediocrity of Microsoft are still using their unreliable tools . Visual Basic is aging rapidly and Delphi is the new king . Also you will be able to move your apps from Windows to Linux without doing major changes with the new Delphi -LRB- Kylix -RRB-
 I written serious COM + objects in Delphi for Active Server Page based web sites . Beats VB and has the strength of Visual C++ . Soon to be ported to Linux and maybe Sun Solaris or IBM 6000 unix OS .
 This is the best developers solution for making fast working , cool looking and useable applications . For averyone who likes Pascal Language Delphi 5 Enterprice edition will show the real windows programing world . That 's cool : -RRB-
 This is the best editor for Developing Dynamic/database supported websites with ASP . You can write Javascript on the fly . One of the best Developer friendly GUI tool .
 InterDev is a wonderful product with many features . With this product you do have to know some coding . If you do n't then it may be a little tough . This has three features for showing you the page
 Red Hat Linux 6.2 is the best Linux OS that I have seen to date , and this includes Red Hat Linux 7.0 , which has a lot new features but also very buggy , especially if you will develop software on Linux . RedHat 6.2 is easy to install . It 's look and feel is very much like that of versions 6.0 and 6.1 . I strongly reccommend upgrading to 6.2 if you have one of those . Forget version 7.0 for the time being , maybe 7.1 or 7.2 in a year may reach the stability of 6.2 .
 All I need to say is ... . THis is the pest or the best in programming . You can make anything with the title ...
 Why did I give it 4 stars you ask ? Because after much research I have yet to find anyting that comes in a nice neat little package such as this . The discription states that you need a basic background in programming to use it to its fullest . . well what programmer wouldnt already have the full version of C++ ? As far as instructions go it does leave alot to be desired but this can be forgiven considering the content . No where else will you find a game engine `` with '' libraries , basic compiler , and editor all together ready to go . This is a good start for the money though it will be a long time before you might be able to use its full potential .
 It is the best CD in the world . It creates asome games .
 This software is great if you want to learn how to make a 3d game like the first Quake or Doom/Doom2 . If you are an advanced programmer get a better engine like codewarrior !
 This starter kit got me started with programming . I reccomend it to anyone who ever wished they could make their own game .
 Get this software if you want to create games like quake 1 and 2 , and doom 1 and 2 ! If you are an advanced programmer get a better engine like codewarrior !
 The reason that people dislike this product is becuase they dont understand what they are doing . True the software included is total crap . You ca n't just go and make something like Quake 3 but the software is powerfull enough for you to creat some basic 3d games for windows . I belive that this product is useless to professional game developers and people who dont know jack about programming . It is intendet for the people in the middle . People who have a basic idea of what Visual C++ programming and 3d texturing is about . If you know how to make games do n't buy this , instead buy a descent engine and a powerfull programming software like codewarrior . If you know the basics of Visual C++ programming and want to make a 3d game than it pays of for you to buy this . But dont expect to make something very cool and powerfull because of the totally crapy engine and software . And if you wanted to publish it you couldnt ! Because the VC + + edditor is just a learning version you would have to buy the professional version on order to make a . exe file . So as I said this is just meant to teach you , not to publish or anything.So if you dont know anyting about programming or using game development software dont buy this because you will end up like the other people complaing and getting mad .
 Yes , I know it says `` Programming ` Starter ' Kit '' but heck , the box does n't really say it 's for beginners either!When I bought this product , I knew exactly what I was paying for . Genesis 3D SDK , Visual C++ introductory edition , and Shadow Realm Model Animator seemed like GARBAGE to me -LRB- and my assertion was correct -RRB- , but what really appealed to me were the two PDF books and the `` game design '' book.Since I was only familiar with DOS game programming , the PDF books were exactly what I wanted to get myself started into Windows game programming . PDFs has the disadvantage of having to read them off the monitor , but I think it beats having to pay twice as much to get them in print . Besides , when you 're programming in front of the computer , it even allows you to copy and paste the context directly to the IDE.The `` Game Design '' book was not very informative in game programming but I 'm having a great fun reading it - and it even might help you with the game design in the long run . `` Everything you need to program your own games '' smells like a false advertisement to me , but then again , if it has Visual C++ included , what CA N'T you make ? :-RRB- I know that many people who bought this products were disappointed - and I sympathize . The product should have noted that it is for people who have some experience with non-windows programming environment.In my opinion , Game Programming Starter Kit is not a bad product . I 'm quite satisfied with its useful contents .
 This game is really fun . You have to look for the `` right animal '' while given clues . You can play games , and read their `` essays '' . I did n't know an educational game could be so fun !
 I presently use Borland 4.5 , Builder 4 Enterprise , Builder 5 Professional , and Visual C++ 6.0 Enterprise SP4 in my work . Of the 4 , Visual C++ has -LRB- hands down -RRB- the most intuitive and `` prettiest '' IDE.While Builder does a better job when it comes to Rapid Application Development , its windowing system is `` clunky '' at best . Also , Microsoft 's class explorer and intelli-sense features are worlds better than the equivalent provided by Inprise.Another feature I like that is in the Enterprise edition of Visual C++ is function profiling . This feature is fully integrated and can inform the developer of time `` bottle-necks '' in the code . Also , one can use the feature to compare algorithm speed.The major gripe I have with Visual C++ is that it is not as ANSI standard as Builder 4 -LRB- and especially Builder 5 -RRB- . On several occasions , I have attempted to compile ANSI/ISO Standard code involving templates that compiles under Borland but not under Visual C++ 6.0 . In all fairness , I must mention that Borland 4 does n't always successfully compile some template constructs either.If one simply must have ANSI Standard compliance , I would use Inprise Builder 5 . However , Visual C++ brings a higher level of polish to the table , and is much more widely used . I eagerly await version 7 of Visual C++ , which should merge ANSI/ISO standardization and a world-beating IDE .
 I think that this product is great I bought it and it really works well , besides it is only 2.99 so you do n't have to pay thirty bucks for a different software which is just as good . This program allows you to take lessons on learning each key and when you have covered one section you take a test , there are also games and it shows you your improvements and your pecentages of speed and accuracy for each finger and many more tips . I say for only 2.99 this is a great product .
 This is a really good deal for the money , I think it is well worth more than the 2.99 . It really shows you how to start typing and has practice drills and it tracks your progress after each lesson . It also has lessons for the advanced typer like how to improve your accuracy and speed . And it has 3 typing skills games too . Since Amazon did not provide any info about this CD I will tell you excatly what the back of this program reads
 Then order it used , get on a waiting list , make your ownprice , and wait . . Stop whining . .
 Suppliers are required to state that Word 98 Special Edition for the iMac and iBook will run only on these machines . This is not true ! The Special Edition will run on almost any Mac that has sufficient disk space and memory . I was told this by a Microsoft tecnical assistance person ! I then bought it , and it 's now running on my Power Mac 7500 under OS 8.6 . However , you may find that Microsoft will not give you technical assistance if you tell them that you are not running it on an iMac or iBook . Word 98 is an excellent word processor with many features ... and it 's easy to use . It is a significant step up from Word 6.1 that I had been using .
 Since I have an older Mac G3 - I am so relieved to be able to have found and purchased the WORD 98 for this older workhorse Mac ! More importantly , the disk was in great condition and works flawlessly on its own and , especially when I have to pull a script file from my SCREENWRITER program and drop it in an out of WORD 98 ... Having found this older version WORD 98 with its grammar/spell-check helps with keeping me on track and appearing somewhat professional . Also , the shipping and payment were quick and efficient through Amazon !
 This is one of the best word prosessors for the mac , much less the iMac and iBook . Is had variouse features , such as spelling/grammar check and a hyphenation program , as well as a wizard to make tables . Although , word 2000 is out for the PC -LRB- which is much better -RRB- ...
 Basic has been maligned by developers for many years , and in the early days it deserved it.However in version Visual Basic 6.0 , Microsoft 's has created a very capable platform for building robust and mission critical enterprise level software systems . Not only is Visual Basic relatively easy to learn when compared to C++ , Java , Perl , etc , you create serious software with Visual Basic.What 's more , Visual Basic has spawned a * huge * third party market for software components that can greatly reduce the time it takes to build software . How do I know ? In 1994 I founded VBxtras , `` The # 1 Source of Tools for Visual Basic Developer 's Worldwide . '' ... With its ease of learning , its robust architecture , and its tremendous number of available third party components , you can easily see why Visual Basic is one of * the * best choices for building software solutions in the new millennia .
 Visual Basic 6 is a very easy to learn language . If you have ANY knowledge of programming at all , then you will be able to pick it up in under a week . If you are a beginner , then this is the language for you . I was writing trainers for games with this language in under 10 days , and i 'm only 14 .
 One of the easiest to learn and funest programming languages ! The possibilites are endless with this sofware ! A definate for any programmer .
 Which Development tool should I use it is purely based on you requrirements . For Ex : If I need to write Lotus API or Device Drivers or some communication programs or DLLS we dont have many choices only thing is VC + + / C++ . VB ca n't do all these things . VB is a very good development tool to develop application very fast . In my view VC + + is a great tool which has reduced lots of my time in developing better software .
 Easy to learn , providing lightning fast application development , worldwide supported , intuitive . It sounds like a Microsoft commercial , but it 's my honest opinions about Visual Basic 6 . Underrated in performance when it comes to execution speed . If somebody tells you that speed is a con with VB6 that is not true . This is also the fastest Visual Basic version -LRB- including VB.NET -RRB- . Visual Basic 6 has never failed me . It simply is the best development tool .
 My programming experience
 This is a great tool ! I have use it with numberous MS office apps , created games , software from Db and Dna 2k utilization . Going from Quick Basic to VB3 to VB5 . VB6 has the better libray and the ultilization of COM + and DirectX the horizon is virtually endless .
 I just started programming this year in high school . I started with Q-Basic and have since moved onto Visual Basic 6.0 . WOW ! The program is awesome and fun to use . I have been saving up money to buy it and just recently purchased it to use at home . I would tell anyone interested in buying it to go for it . It is well worth the price .
 One of the easiest to learn and funest programming languages ! The possibilites are endless with this sofware ! A definate for any programmer .
 Item was as advertized and shipped promptly.I received it earlier than anticipated .
 DLL 's written in Visual Basic instead of C++ actually run faster , much faster , especially mathematically-oriented stuff ! This has been backed up by tests ! VB is incredible , incredible , incredible !
 This program is worlds easier to use than Adobe Illustrator 9 ! I have found it to be especially useful considering the Livetrace and Livepaint feature . The tool used to skew and the snap to point feature have made it easier for me to manipulate a shape 's perspective . I could n't even do that in Adobe Illustrator 10 or the clumsy version 9 !
 Visual Studio 6.0 was the last of the com-based development packages marketed by Microsoft . Its replacement is geared toward the next-generation NET platform . In terms of ease of use and RAD -LRB- Rapid Applications Development -RRB- VS-6 .0 is still way ahead of the NET packages . Microsoft has decided to deprecate VS-6 .0 in versions of Windows beyond Win-7 which makes it a bad choice for forward-looking developers ; however , for computers running Win-95 through Win-7 it is still an ideal choice . I use mainly VB-6 .0 and have found it easy to learn as well as extremely capable of handling complex jobs . From simple applications to writing classes to building active-x controls VB-6 .0 can do it all ! VB.NET was designed from the ground up to be an object-oriented language and as such it enforces the rules very rigidly . VB-6 .0 is more lax making it much easier to grasp for someone transitioning from procedural coding . Microsoft seems to have lost touch with what BASIC is all about
 While the Visual Studio Professional 6.0 product allows for the development and distribution of powerful front-end single and multi-user applications , particularly with Visual FoxPro and Visual Basic , developers will soon discover that having their own SQL Server -LRB- a limited user version is included with the Enterprise edition -RRB- is an absolute must ! NT Server is a must also , as well highly recommending NT Workstation rather than 95/98 , as your development platform .
 Unfortunately the Item was incomplete when I received it . Some of the software was missing . I contacted The Book Nuk and received a full refund . The owner said he never has dealt with software before and was unaware of what should have been included . It was a used item.However , I was completely satisfied with the transaction and would recommend this seller .
 BeOS is one of those products that is superior in so many ways that you just have to hope that it hangs on and eventually becomes mainstream . In this time of hype and excitement over Linux , BeOS has been somewhat glossed over , probably because it does n't subscribe to the ` Open Source ' movement currently in vogue . This is too bad , for BeOS really is a gem.Installation is better than any other operating system I 've ever had experience with , it asks only a few questions of you and everything just works right out of the box . Simplicity is the name of the game for BeOS , many of the founders were once Mac guys and it shows in the look and feel of the interface . BeOS is n't just fluff though , it 's reliable and speedy as well , and combined with the simple interface makes it a real joy to use.Like all alternative operating system BeOS has one major flaw however , and that 's the lack of applications . Particularly in the browser area , BeOS does not yet offer something comparable to Netscape 4.6 on Linux or IE 5.0 on Windows , sure , there is Opera , but it is unreliable and does n't always work . Web browsers really are the killer app these days , and it 's unfortunate that BeOS ca n't compete in that area yet , but maybe Mozilla will give it a second life . Also the community around BeOS seems to be focused around ` shareware ' instead of the open source model . Although I wo n't argue to the strenths and merrits of either , the latter seems to encourage more development , so many more applications are available on Linux than BeOS . That said , those which ARE available on BeOS are well polished -LRB- mostly due to the consistency of the interface that BeOS presents the user -RRB- and do their job well.I would n't recommend BeOS to anybody , but I think it would work well for many . For example , I think my mother would be perfectly happy working on a BeOS box , and would appreciate the simplicity , reliability and speed that it offers , never missing some of the software it misses . -LRB- except for the lacking web browser -RRB- If you 're tied to Photoshop or Word or other software not available , you 're obviously tied , but I still recommend picking up a copy -LRB- 5.0 is available for download free -RRB- and giving it a try , I guarantee you wo n't be disapointed .
 If you would like a cross between Win95 and Linux , Be is it . This OS boots up in a fraction of the time -LSB- 15 seconds -RSB- . Networking is not a hassle . Dail-up are easily set up . E-mail and Weh are a peice of cake to . The BeOS Bible that is included is a great reference for finding out the little things . The thing that really got me was the speed and the stability . I 've never had the system lock-up -LSB- like Win95 so often -RSB- and I never had to restart the computer after changing anything in the Networking properties . This really is a great OS , I 'm happy .
 After using Windows for quite some years , after Windows 98 the ideas of Microsoft and me of what to look for in an operating system did n't match anymore . Windows was becoming too bloated with features while the kernel and became essentially slow.I tried several systems , like OS/2 and Linux but only BeOS forfilled all my expectations . Wow ! This operating system is stable , fast and there are already a lot of applications available , such as WordProcessors , E-mail programs , games and , most important for me , a WinAmp look-a-like mp3 player.If you have the same doubts about MS than i have , then do n't hesitate and get a copy of BeOS . Be delighted !
 Be Inc. has got to be one of the coolest developers in the galaxy . This O/S has way out performed windows in every way imagineable from multimedia management to networking to hardware configuration . I caught the good ole form virus , i lost hours of graphic work and months of `` intelectual property '' so i thought ... be swooped in , took a gander at my fat partition and allowed me to copy all files to a nearby networked drive . Be is virtualy virus proof also . with minimal load times and companies such as Stienburg , Id . software , MetaCreations , and Sun -LRB- to name only a portion -RRB- in software production why not make this investment . This price is great for the book alone . do yourself a favor and at least visit their site
 If you were to go to a bookstore to buy BeOs it would be $ 69 , then the BeOs Bible would be $ 29 . Do the math ... this is DEFINITELYworth the price . To upgrade to 4.5.2 is a 6 meg download ... even someone on a dial up could handle that . If you are considering BE ... this is the route to take .
 Where do I start ? If your tired of `` bloatware '' and / or unfulfilled promises - Be is for you . If you would like to use your OS right out the box without descending into configuration H #LL -LRB- but have the option to :--RRB- -RRB- - Be is for YOU . If you are a developer and want to bring a ` real ' OS to the masses - Be is for YOU . If I were Popeye , Be would be spinach and the Be Bible is a recipe book that tells me all the ways I can prepare my spinach to woop up on Brutus ! Get it and DARE TO BE DIFFERENT !
 BeOS is the most well thought out an designed piece of computer software I have ever used . Every feature has been reevaluated and implemented in the best possible way . It allows even a modest PC to do amazing things .
 BeOS is a terrific operating system for anyone who is in the multimedia development buissness , or someone who wants a new experience with a very stable and friendly operating system.Complete with a wonderful graphical user interface -LRB- gui -RRB- BeOS comes with many multimedia and productivity applications that seperatly would cost quite a bit more than BeOS.Overall , this is a wonderful and easy to use Operating System and a terrific value .
 Great piece of work ... Apple 's loss is the rest of the worlds gain . BeOs is the best thing to hit the OS market since the conception of GUI . The longest it ever took me to boot was 30 seconds , my average was 17 seconds . That is faster than Linux , Windoze , Macos , OS/2 , NT ... any of them . THe only thing that Be is lacking in is a port of Diablo and Hotline ... other than that I say FULL STEAM AHEAD !
 Having left the Linux craze for good -LRB- felt that the purity of Linux is taking the path of the ` Darkside ' much like MS -RRB- , I decided to embark on a ` OSpiritual ' journey to find an alternative OS . I found Be a month ago , tried the demo and fell in love with it . Now it sits as my primary OS -LRB- with Windows 2000 Beta3 2nd -RRB- and it has just been heaven . The only time I can remember when I was this happy is when I got my first PC . This ` baby-OS ' is definately the Millenium OS.Now whenever I meet with a ` Lin-hovah ' withness , I just say ` Be ' , wave my hand like a ` Bedi ' , and leave with smile on my face .
 i think that this software has got some good fetures but it could have more options of styles .
 i think that this software has got some good fetures but it could have more options of styles .
 BeOS is the most well thought out an designed piece of computer software I have ever used . Every feature has been reevaluated and implemented in the best possible way . It allows even a modest PC to do amazing things.For more website at www.be.com
 BeOS is easily the most advanced operating system available today . It is as easy to use as MacOS or Windows , while at the same time it has the power and stability of Linux . If you do n't believe me , give it a try . I 'm sure that you will be hooked once you see how fast and responsive your computer really can be .
 Very soon , Microsoft is going to release `` Windows 8 '' and I believe that this is going to be a disaster for Microsoft and will lead to another renaissance of `` alternative computer OS 's , '' as happened back in the late '90s , when the BeOS came out.This is not the last release of the BeOS , but it IS the last release which included a full OpenGL implementation -LRB- Microsoft 's illegal activities , at the time , resulted in Be having to withhold the OpenGL kit from the final release ... MS was on the OpenGL review board and used its veto power on the board to withhold authorization for Be to use OpenGL ... one of the final nails in the coffin for Be . -RRB- With Win8 's horrific user interface issues , and the attempt to force all user to `` buy apps '' from Microsoft -LRB- along the lines of the apple store or Android market -RRB- , conventional computer users -LRB- who prefer a PC to an iPad -RRB- will be left in the cold ... unless they go with an alternative OS.Linux comes in several flavors and is a decent alternative , but it 's never become something `` accessible '' to the non-power user . This , in other words , is exactly how things were with Linux back in the 1990s , and is still the case today.Quite a few years back , as I was becoming a bit more computer savvy , I decided to start experimenting with alternative -LRB- non-Windows -RRB- operating systems . I tried several flavors of Linux , BSD , etc , and I also tried this ... the Be OS.The BeOS was different . It was SIMPLE . It was STRAIGHTFORWARD . It was CLEAN , with a very small `` footprint '' and consumed very little system resources , but managed the system resources VERY well , allowing applications to run without any issues.Now , BeOS is `` obsolete , '' at this point , mainly because there is no significant hardware support effort -LRB- and all of that is by end-users -RRB- to allow this OS to run on modern hardware . But , the core concepts of this OS remain very , very sound , and anyone creating a new `` alternative OS '' should take a very close look at how Be did things.Let me be very clear ... the BeOS is still -LRB- fundamentally -RRB- my favorite computer OS architecture . The concepts behind it were perfectly sound , and the implementation was terrific.Unfortunately , Be was shot down by some illegal activities on the part of Microsoft -LRB- who never paid the price for doing what they did -RRB- . Be had managed to get their foot in the door with several of the big OEM computer manufacturers , allowing them to be shipped as an `` alternative , on request '' OS , or as a dual-boot solution . Microsoft reacted very badly to this , and stated to the vendors that while they COULD do that , they 'd `` cease receiving price considerations on Microsoft software '' if they did so . So , Dell , HP , and the like , all bailed on their plans to offer this as an alternative . And that , in the end , is what killed the BeOS.What 's the advantage of the BeOS ? Well , it 's got better multithreading handling than anything I 've ever seen . Have you ever seen one program , on your system , `` take over '' and cause every other application to stutter , stammer , and halt ? That does n't happen ... AT ALL ... in the BeOS . If you overtax the system , everything slows down , proportionally to the load , but nothing `` pauses '' at all . And the BeOS was the first consumer OS to have , in effect , no limit on the number of processor cores -LRB- yes , there 's a theoretical limit , but it 's in the thousands of CPU cores -RRB- . By contrast , even today , Windows can only handle up to 16 cores , and they 're not treated equally in the OS . Most applications can only see one core , after all.The BeOS was different at an architectural level , and was so far superior over what was available at the time , and -LRB- in theory -RRB- is still superior to what is available today , that it caused Intel 's VP of development to comment that `` I did n't know our hardware could do that ! `` Today , I still have BeOS -LRB- r5 -RRB- running on an older machine . I use it very rarely today , because there is no driver support for the BeOS for newer hardware , and the hardware from the period when BeOS was available is many orders of magnitude less powerful than today 's hardware . But it 's still a great machine , and does things that even today 's high-end Windows machines will `` stutter '' on slightly , even being many orders of magnitude faster overall.If you want to play around with the BeOS , and have hardware you can run it on , you should try it . You should also pick up a few books out there , including Scott Hacker 's excellent `` BeOS Bible . '' The OS comes with a nice introductory book , but the `` Bible '' is almost a requirement for getting the most out of this OS.This book is a great reference for getting to know the BeOS . There are also some programming-level references out there which will come in handy as well . The sheer modularity of the BeOS 's design should have led to an easy to use , easy to maintain , easy to upgrade OS . In fact , it did ... but the `` updates '' stopped when Be went out of business , and the small but dedicated ongoing `` private efforts '' to do this have led to a minimal amount of advancement -LRB- see `` Haiku '' for example , or `` OpenBeOS '' -RRB- . To really implement this , as it OUGHT to be implemented , a major player needs to take it on.Most likely , today , if you decide to start looking into this OS , you 'll be doing so in order to use it as a learning tool , on how an OS CAN be built ... hopefully as a guide to someone finally creating a really good , modern implementation of the fantastic concepts which Be originally gave to us.The thing is , with the UI disaster looming with the impending release of Windows 8 ... I can imagine the interest level for alternative -LRB- non-Microsoft -RRB- PC operating systems going through the roof again . The same thing that led to Linux exploding , years ago , and to BeOS 's creation , is about to happen again.Those who want to lead in this effort would be very well served to look into the BeOS .
 This is not as educational as I like but it is a break from tv and commercial .
 I discovered ththat this was not compatible with my system , so I returned it before ever opening it . I only have 1 employee right now , and 1 business location . My accountant says I will definately need this after a couple more employees . She says it is fantastic . I cant wait to expand later this year and use Quickbooks / Quick Payroll . Many people have told me it is an excellent tool !
 Unfortunately the product did n't work out , but the return process was AWESOME !! and the credit was received very quickly . Will definitely shop Amazon.com again !
 These games are the answer to every word puzzle enthusiast 's dream . Crosswords , acrostics and cryptograms right on your computer . The software is really easy to use , too . There are just enough bells and whistles to add to the enjoyment without getting in the way . You can also print out the puzzles if you want to take some with you where you wo n't have access to a computer . The printouts look great . As an added bonus , with the cryptogram software you can generate your own cryptograms ! How cool is that ? You ca n't beat the price . Makes a great gift .
 These puzzles , and there are plenty of them , are all professionally constructed by many of the top names in the business . They run the gamut from arts and literature to movies to pop culture to sports and history . You probably wo n't find a puzzle you do n't like . The difficulty levels also range from easy to impossible . The software itself is highly intuitive . You can dig right in without having to pore over any instructions . If you do need help , an extensive onscreen Help is only a mouse click away . I 've tried the rest . Crossdown is definitely the best . --
 The first disk I received was defective , however they made it right . The puzzles are challenging and I really enjoy working acrostics on the computer , it 's easier than pencil . However the crossword format would be a little easier if you could use the arrow , enter or tab keys instead of the mouse so much . The bundle pack is a great bargain . The competition in this and other puzzle genres should take notice , because some of this is a bit overpriced .
 MathCAD is a wonderful mixture of tools for people who must deal with mathematical issues in their work , studies or investigations . It is part calculator , part Computer Algebra System , part charting package , and part Digital Publishing Package.Not only can you edit worksheets as you might in a word processor , but you can include images , formulas , and create plots of 2D and 3D functions.Unfortunately , there are a few limitations which have been addressed in later versions . The most annoying , in MathCAD 2000 and earlier , is a tendency to crash when using the mouse cursor to select portions of a mathematical expression from the right-hand side . Unless you save your work often , or take special care to only select from the left side , you will likely encounter untold moments of frustration and outrage as the software does not recover safely.My other disappointment was the differential equation solvers , in this and previous editions , are only geared to obtaining a numerical result , no an analytic or symbolic result . This is all fine and good for engineers , who seek numerical answers , but for a poor student taking a D.E. course and hoping to check his answers , I was simply out of luck.Still , the software allowed me to accomplish a great deal of calculation and derivation in a comparatively short period of time , rather than the disheartening days and weeks it would have taken otherwise . MathCAD remains one of my favorite out-of-main-stream programs .
 I loved the idea of developing a font based on my own handwriting . It 's a nice product to have for personalizing e-mail , letterhead and general word processing creations . My major criticism was the less than user-friendly instructions . It would have been helpful to know to use a marker instead of a ball point pen to create the font . It also took a good deal of time to figure out how and what to edit on the fonts . You do receive adequate instructions to get you started . Overall , it is a good product and I would recommend the purchase .
 Very easy to download and can be easily commanded to do a variety of tasks and gives you a daily report if desired .
 Dr. Solomon , i wil like too download that because i dont hav many too byu it , and i have many problems whit my computer
 PICK THIS ONE UP . THIS WAS A LOT MORE INCLUSIVE THAN I EXPECTED . IT HAS SOME AMAZING FEATURES I WOULD HAVE NEVER THOUGHT COULD BE PUT TO SOFTWARE AND MANAGED AND CATAGORIZED SO EASILY AND SIMPLE . THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . PICK THIS ONE UP .
 I am the member of a club , and we just recently finished our first game . I was responsible for creating the CD labels , and the jewel case labels . I found this software kit to be very helpful and easy . I sat down for about 5 minutes and learned my way around the program , then I got right to work . Working casually for about 15 minutes , the product that this program gave me was exactly what we needed .
 For a small business , I found this to be a good starter package .
 They did a timely job , and they are the kind of folks you would want to deal with !
 i bought the estore builder a week ago , and I 'm pretty happy with it , it 's easy enough to use and i think its good value considering the cost of ecommerce solutions . The templates are nice and it is easy to use , my only complaint is the product is not integrated with fedex or ups so you need to charge a flat rate on shipping or a percentage of the product 's weight , i 've worked around that problem , so my only other complaint is that the images must be below 75kb , i called their tech support line and although they were helpful they were n't able to fix that problem without some custom work at a higher cost . besides this , overall i am happy with this product and it is good value for money
 i ordered the software last month and so far i 'm happy with my purchase . i did n't need a high-tech ecommerce solution , just something that was easy to use and affordable and i have no major complaints about the software . my product line changes often so its very convenient to be able to change my products with a few clicks . the templates are nice looking . i 'd reccommend this software to any body who needs a quality shopping cart and does not have enough money to get a custom solution . its a good price for anyone who wants to sell on line .
 I bought the eStoreBuilder last week cause I was looking for an inexpensive way to put my business online and I am so pleased with it ! The estorebuilder is so easy to use it 's incredible . You can add and change your products with one click with no programming experience . I had my store live online in less than 2 hours ! Their customer service is awesome too , really friendly and efficient . In my opinion , even if you already have a website you could benefit from this cause you do n't have to pay to hire a web designer every time you want to change your products . Plus it comes with an integrated payment gateway which is so helpful for a small business owner like me cause I can now accept credit cards ! All I can say is if you do n't have this product BUY IT NOW ! Trust me , you wo n't regret it . Five Stars *****
 I 'm not usually compelled to write reviews for things that I buy on Amazon but WOW , this product is awesome and super affordable ! I asked a local web team how much it would be to put my business online and they wanted $ 5,000 ! But with the estorebuilder I 've got a better solution for only $ 249 and no monthly fees or maintenance ! The shipping was really quick too ! I had the box a mere 3 days after I ordered it ! The payment gateway is a totally awesome feature and the templates are top-class . If you want to save money and time building a website then this product is for you !
 This Grolier multimedia encyclopedia of science fiction draws upon the advantages of CD-ROM technology to create a superbly presented , multimedia-rich survey of more than 400 years of science fiction history . Offering 4,5000 entries , hundreds of illustrations , photographs , movie clips , and totally engaging interactive features , the SciFi buff is presented with 300 science fiction classics in twelve different categories . Ideal for personal , school , and community library software collections , the Grolier Science Fiction is a `` must '' for all dedicated students and fans of this unique literary genre , and represents the first multimedia encyclopedia that places key science fiction events in their proper historical perspective .
 Anyone who teaches science fiction at any level must have this reference . I 've been teaching sf at MIT since 1983 , and I 'd give up my computer before I would give up this CD .
 My Labels is great if you are making address labels , shipping labels . You can also add graphics that come with the program or use some from another program . I recommend this software if you are just starting out . It is fun and easy to use ...
 I have used this label maker before and found it easy to use and was glad to find something I was familiar with .
 As ordered this software can in very quickly from the vendor . The software was new and in the original box and in an unopened security envelope . The box was unopened and contained the original manuals and documentation . I could not be more satisfied with the purchase or vendor .
 Just got this a couple of days ago and so far so good . It 's very slick and I am just running it off of the cdrom . I have n't even installed it and there is no lag in the video instruction . I 've been through the first lesson and it was actually a lot of fun . The video instruction was very helpful and the information was useful . This media will get you playing guitar fast and actually sounding like you know what you are doing .
 This is by far the best cd burning program I have used . It takes care of everything Mp3 , Disc copy , and is very easy to use . You can even hook up turntables & tape deck and convert that to CD format . And the cable to do it with is included . If you have a burner and dont have Toast 4 Deluxe , BUY IT !
 This is the way it ought to be . Drag your audio file on Toast and you 're burning an audio CD . The only improvement that could possibly be made would be the addition of crossfading ability . Otherwise , it 'll practically do anything you want with simple drag & drop ! Since it easily copies mp3 and complete compact discs , you now have the unbridled option of ripping off all the musicians you love so much . Computer nerds will also love the fact that it will burn data CDs , copy your hard drive , even create hybrid CD ! You 'll also be able to copy your favorite video games and programs on them , giving you the unbridled option of ripping off the software makers you love so much . Other than giving you the option to be a criminal , this software is absolutely the best .
 Not only will this software do much morethan I need , it does it so simply that it defies logic ! The one time I had difficulty -LRB- setting up the software to run my burner -RRB- I called Adaptec - yes , I waited on hold for a while , but they were gracious and assisted me in looking up the fix for my problem in the manual ! Anyone who needs to call should read first ! As for the website , well , I found it easy to navigate and find what I was looking for . I simply can not believe that people can not figure this program out the first time through - all they need is a bit of patience and twenty minutes to read the manual before setting up ! I am Adaptec for life !
 I 'm very new to web design - still learning HTML - but I 've worked with `` Fast Site '' for about an hour . I just checked it outbut did n't read the instructions and am not familiar with icons on any of these programs . Considering my lack of knowledge , and not refering to the `` Help '' section I was impressed . It came with my computer so I do n't know the cost . It has a wide selection of templates or backgrounds with buttons . I looked at every one of them and they all look handpicked . I was waiting for the ` duds ' but there were non . Very eye-pleasing and lots of other features I have not tried yet .
 I use this product to track the Real Estate transactions in our Brokerage . I have it set to remind me of MLS listings that are set to expire , generate advertising based on which ones have n't been advertised in the longest period of time , keep track of keys , print out daily , weekly , monthly , quarterly and yearly reports automatically , track showings and contacts with sellers , automatically update status changes , the list goes on ! Previous to this system , our office used index cards . This has made our life SO much easier ! And setting up initial layouts was a breeze.I also receive Filemaker 's magazine . It 's a little expensive , but if you need this program , the magazine has wonderful tips , tricks and suggestions .
 This software is a great item for specific people like me that actually like to learn new languages .
 For an individual who is an avid photographer , this program is a MUST . It provides so many wonderful features without requiring the great cost and complications of some other well known programs . You must try it to appreciate it and realize what you can do so easily when editing your photos .
 This can be a very use full item . But does it really know all the words sound , -LRB- made up words also -RRB- in our laungauge , appsalutly not ! It works well , & I would like to recomend it to anyone with a lot of typing to do .
 Multimedia Fusion makes programming any type of multimedia software as easy as clicking a mouse button . It is a descendant of Klik and Play , The Games Factory , and Click and Create . The program 's editors allow anyone -LRB- including non-programmers like myself -RRB- to easily assemble and code software without using any complicated programming languages.Not only are there a great variety of objects available for use in your own applications , but if you do know how to use C++ , you can also create your own and include them as well.The best part about MMF is that you can sell your games , applications , or projects to others without paying any royalties or fees!Two thumbs up !
 Multimedia Fusion , Is the most useful program I have seen . If you ever wanted to make your own games or have an idea for a program like ads , greeting cards , online applications , etc. , YOU will want Multimedia Fusion . Think of this ... Drag and drop objects on to the frame editor ... Give your objects movement , add sound , or movies . Finally , give your creation interactivity with the event editor . Test the creation in one click . Your done ! Do n't have the abillity to make your own graphics or sounds , do n't worry ! Multimedia Fusion comes with hundreds to thousands of graphics and sound to use in your games . Make programs that do n't need another program to play or make programs to be enjoyed over the internet using vitalize ! You can even sell your games or applications . The only problems I ran into were a few bugs that are fixed with an update you can download for free . I give this product Five Stars ...
 Whether you 're hankering for a presentation program ten times more powerful than PowerPoint or a tool to create that two-dimensional Commander Keen killer you 've always dreamed of , Multimedia Fusion is the clear choice . Multimedia Fusion can be slow at times and sometimes crash when trying to do too many things at once , but the programmers are great and support the product through their website . Here are some of the things you can create with Fusion
 Multimedia Fusion is a powerful programmer that can make things from applications such as word processors etc to top games ! I own Multimedia Fusion and it was worth the asking price . It can create full multimedia applications like a CD player or a wave file player!I suggest you buy it even if you know nothing about Javascript as it is Javascript free !
 Short and sweet . If you 've every wanted to make a game or program but did n't want to learn a programing language , get MMF today ! It 's as fun to make a game as it is to play them !
 So , you know how to do graphics and animations -LRB- or not -RRB- , you know how to do a good music -LRB- or not -RRB- , and when you play a crap game , aways say things like `` i could make a game FAR better than this one , if i have the chance ! '' Well , or either you have a battalion of programmers working for you , or you use MMF ! The click-and-play interface powered up with tons of graphics , musics , all in a professional level who brings back the one/two persons game company to the market ! Stop dreaming and start making REAL games ! Be one of them , if you think you have the skill ! And if you already know C++ , no problem ! MMF has a development kit only for programmers - you create your click routines , and can even sell them - a killing program for both amateurs and skilled programmers ... . Multi Media Fusion . It 's not a program , is a revealed trade secret from game companies !
 I have been using click products for YEARS . I am now using MMF and it is the best alternative to Visual Basic and some other programming languages . It does everything from applications to games much faster . The focus is on the media you need to create something.Not only can you quickly prototype an idea faster than anything else , you can create some very sophisticated works . Clickteam supports the software well and they are always adding new `` extensions '' that add more power and make MMF open-ended . For the price , you ca n't beat it at ALL ! MMF is really TOO inexpensive . You can make online vitalize games and applications to serve on your webpage.BUY this program NOW and go to
 Although this is one of the OLLD versions of MMF -LRB- Over 10 years old -RRB- It is still better than ANY new programs I have recently used besides new MMF2 . So much functionality , you are able to put your creativity to the test . There are virtually no limits to what kind of game or application you can make , and it is all WELL worth the price . I reccomened this to anyone interested in making games , that has little or NO knowledge of programming . This is for you .
 Its really great for all purposes -LRB- Programs , Games , Presentations , Kiosks and more ! -RRB- for all age groups , everywhere ! If this produvt is in stock , do consider purchasing it , because
 If you want to create some great applications or games then you should really take a look at this software package . Its easy and actually lots of fun to create something with mmf . The current version is up at
 This looks cool and all but , it 's not the current version ! Goto www.ClickTeam.com to buy the current version . But be careful , it 's a hundred dollers . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This has to be the best product ive ever bought . Ive used it for over a year and loved it ever since . If you 've ever wanted to make your own game - this program will make your dreams come true . Also handy for making cool programs like microsoft does . Also - its cheaper than powerpoint and it can do more ! I highly suggest you get this software ... it even comes with sounds , midi music , and library graphics for you to use . It has its own unique scripting-type thing called ` clicking ' .
 This is a great program and all , I 've played the PC version , but is it for Mac ? They show a Mac logo , so is it ? Please help .
 I first encountered this program at cybercamps in my 2 week game desing course , even for me this was easy to use and now i plan to get my own copy . the menues are easy , its easy to modify game sprites -LRB- something i plan to do quit a bit -RRB- . this has vanquished all qualms i had about possibly becoming a game designer Great !
 The Midisoft Software `` Play Piano '' teached me very easy how to play piano using on screen videos and `` magic animated hands '' . If anybody has technical problems/questions or needs `` Online Support '' go to ... They are very helpful .
 ESPERO UN GRAN PROGRAMA QUE FACILITE EL TRABAJO DE DISE&N tilde ; O
 VERITAS Backup Exec Desktop Edition is the solution of choice for reliable , automated Windows 98 , Windows 95 and Windows NT Workstation 4.0 data protection . Integrated Emergency Recovery rebuilds your entire system without reinstalling the operating system or the backup software . To find a file that has been backed up , you can search by filename , location or the date backed up . Peer-to-peer network support protects data on a small network . Schedule unattended backups with an easy to use scheduling system . Backup Exec supports most tape devices , CD-R and CD-RW , DVD-RAM , Zip and Jaz drives , magneto optical , PD/CD , SuperDisk , even floppy disks , hard discs and network drives mapped as a device using the File Specification feature .
 An update is sorely missing but of course the next one will be OS X compatible - till then MAcOS 8 , X and 9.X QTVR creators would be wise to buy a copy of QTVR-AS . This is one tool that makes it possible to combine a variety of non-aligned images into a workable object or panorama . This heightened degree of control over diverse input is very necessary when one starts building QTVRs for art type projects . When VRWORX fails to build an object or things just can not be lined up correctly - Authoring studio will do the job and do it well !! Any time apple wants some user input on how to improve this product they can be contact me ! i love it !
 There are quite a number of pano stitchers out there , but nothing approaches the ease of use , elegance , options and results of QTVR AS . Typical Apple
 After 10 + years at home with the kiddies , I needed to update my office software skills prior to re-entering the workforce . I found the interactive nature of this series to be very effective . A great value for the money !
 I am very impressed with the Professor Teaches Office 2003 , I have only started with the Excel but the manner in which the program is set up is great . You can really learn without attending classes with this product . I would recommend this for anyone trying to learn the ins & outs ; of such an important office suite.Gloria
 my daughter needed office 2003 for school because her school is still using 2003 and for an old product its pretty good .
 Where do I start ? I have been a semi-pro musician for 30 + years . I actually HAD a real 88-key suitcase model Rhodes -LRB- geez that thing was heavy -RRB- . I had been looking for a simple yet high quality way to get the `` swiss-army-knife '' of keyboard sounds -LRB- acoustic piano , Rhodes , Wurly -LRB- think Supertramp -RRB- , Hammond B3 -LRB- with Leslie -RRB- , and analog synths -RRB- . I am in a trio and I am responsible for drum and bass arrangement -LRB- I do this on a Yamaha PSR-S700 -RRB- as well as the keyboard parts and vocals -LRB- and sometimes acoustic guitar -RRB- . THIS SOFTWARE IS THE BOMB ! I thought at first that I would n't like the acoustic piano , but I found out that the M-Audio Key Rig acoustic piano is EXTREMELY `` musical '' . In other words , it 's as though the engineers knew it would HAVE to `` fit '' inside a typical live band mix and it does ! It has just enough brightness and punch to cut through the mix . The Rhodes and Wurlitzer electric pianos are ALSO excellent -LRB- and remember , I owned the original Rhodes -RRB- . Perfectly processed and ready for you to add various on-board effects -LRB- such as Phaser , Flanger , Chorus , Tremolo , etc. -RRB- . I even use the distortion effect within Key Rig on the Rhodes patch to simulate an electric guitar . The Hammond B3 is AMAZING ! WOW ! To think I got this thing for $ 49 . I use an 88-key M-Audio 88SX controller to control Key Rig -LRB- running on an older Dell Inspiron laptop with NO lag and NO CPU issues -RRB- and I use the Mod wheel to engage the Leslie -LRB- speed up and slow down -RRB- . Unlike the LAME Leslie simulator on the Yamaha PSR-S700 -LRB- which sounds like simple LFO mod wheel crap -RRB- , the Leslie within Key Rig actually spins the low frequencies DIFFERENTLY than the high frequencies . THIS , my friends , is how the Leslie got its distinctive sound -LRB- that and you could overdrive it and give your resulting tone some warm distortion -RRB- . Do NOT be fooled by lame attempts to simulate a Leslie . Roland makes a foot pedal that ALSO does a GREAT job at simulating a Leslie because it specifically rotates the highs differently than the lows.Analog synths are ALSO great and I use them for some older 70s covers -LRB- Steely Dan stuff , Spooky , and the like -RRB- . Not only are the sounds really high quality for live use , but I 've used them in the studio as well.Don ' t just listen to me talk -LRB- do n't know if Amazon will allow a URL -RRB- , you can hear me using all the instruments of Key Rig on our live recordings at the Live Music Archive . Go to
 I was skeptical about this software because of its price . I checked a lot of reviews and they all said the same thing
 I grew up in the 1970s . That was the age where pop keyboard players were expected to have a half dozen or more expensive keyboards in a keyboard rig or key-rig to cover the basic sounds of the day . M-audio 's low-priced Key Rig let 's you duplicate most if not all of these sounds right on your computer.Key Rig has four different modules which you can use individually or in combination . You can layer a sound from each module and use just one track in your sequencer , so you can come up with some very fat and interesting sounds . The CPU load is modest . By panning different pianos right and left , or using the effects , you can make some very interesting stereo piano sounds . You can save programs for individual modules or as combination patches . Each module has an effects section and there is a master-effects section . I 'll give a brief rundown of each individual moduleAt the top is the SP-1 Stage Piano module . This module actually lets you mix up to two piano or electric piano sounds , and apply some basic effects . Personally , I prefer the Rhodes and Whirly type sounds to the acoustic pianos . I prefer the standard acoustic piano from Garageband , but the Keyrig piano is fine . The second piano slot aslo has a generic synth pad sound that is especially useful in layering with the other modules for huge and evolving synthesizer pad sounds . By panning different pianos right and left , or using the effects , you can make some very interesting stereo piano sounds.The second module is the MS-2 Polyphonic Synthesizer This is kind of a generic soft-synth , but it is set up to be quick and easy to make basic sound changes even if you do n't know much about synthesizers . This is my favorite module to `` noodle '' with . It has presets that cover most of the `` bread and butter '' generic synth sounds . All are editable.The MB-3 Organ module has drawbars , key-click , distortion and Leslie-type features like a Hammond B-3 tonewheel organ . I 'm no organ expert , but it sounds good to me.The fourth module , GM-4 is a General Midi module . It 's useful , but I have to say , to me , it 's the only disappointing module in the bunch . You 'd think with all the memory they had to play with that they would have blown away the quicktime general midi sounds that come standard with the Quicktime mac or WMP Windows soundset . Unfortunately , it does n't . For some sounds , the GM-4 is better , but for some sounds the computer 's set is better . Also , there is no way to just play General Midi sequences from Key-Rig . This module provides basic general midi compatibility , not GM2 , XG or GS extensions . Again , this module really shines when combined with the other modules.I bought Key Rig a couple years ago . My version contained Mac and Windows versions . The mac version was Power-PC processor only . I do n't know if they ever released an intel-compatable version . The Windows version ships as Key Rig 49 in a bundle with a 49 note midi-controller . For under a c-note , the bundle is a good value . The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is that the competition is pretty good too .
 The SP-1 Piano module sounds very good and easy to use.The MS-2 Poly Synth is fun , sounds great and very easy to dial up a useful sound.The MB-3 is the icing on the cake here . This is an outstanding module that has the right sounds right out the box.The GM-4 module I have n't had much luck with.The MB-3 is worth the small investment if your looking for a module to replicate the old B-3 sound . This module alone makes this a nice value .
 For the past decade , I 've been using DeltaGraph in a variety of publications ranging from newsletters and in-house presentations to annual reports and Surgeon General 's reports because of the program 's flexibility , ease , and power . This software is available in both Windows and Macintosh versions . -LRB- I have not tried the Windoze version , preferring to use that OS only when forced to or for the most typical administrative tasks such as word processing and email . -RRB- According to the manufacturer 's PR info , DeltaGraph offers a vast array of chart types , supposedly more than 80 , and some 200 styles for those charts . I certainly have not come close to using that many variations -LRB- who would ? -RRB- , but I can appreciate having this smorgasbord at my disposal.The ability to quickly perform various functions for analyzing and arraying the data and to create multiple charts from one data set is an asset , too . It 's easy enough to manipulate the charts to customize their appearance and to set up default libraries or templates for one publication or presentation . The graphs can be exported into other file formats such as EPS , PSD , JPEG so that users can then import these graphics into other programs either for retouching or ready to use.I 've had some problems with PMS colors matching or calibrating just right , and if I working on a high-profile publication , I prefer to import DeltaGraph charts into Adobe Illustrator for fine-tuning . But for the most part , the program is easy to use , and one can jump in pretty fast without having to become too immersed in the user 's guide . I also encountered a few problems importing data from Excel and other spreadsheets , and often the issue was not so much with DeltaGraph as with how the data were arrayed in the source file.I wish the menus were a bit more users friendly and flexible , particularly the `` set all '' function for formatting axes , grids , and labels . I also wish I could name pages without having to invoke the menu . Still , I 've found DeltaGraph to be far superior to Excel or Illustrator for creating graphs and charts that are functional and informative.If you are working on a Macintosh platform and need to display visual information for scientific , financial , and other professional audiences , I would recommend taking a close look at DeltaGraph .
 The conflict alerts were invaluable in ensuring we did n't double-book people , and the on line views allow you to maximize people 's schedules . The product was very flexible for accomodating multiple projects and people . I highly recommend it , especially for the price .
 Fantastic scheduling program . There are some issues .1 . It will work with winNT/2000/XP . A person with an Administrator Account must install it . And you have to install the 3.1 Patch . After that , the only person that can use the program is the person who installed it . Any other users will get a `` disk full '' error message when they try to run it .2 . The internal calendar for the program ends Oct 31st , 2007 . Too bad , I love using this program . I guess I 'll have to find a replacement .
 Photo Express has all the features anyone could ever want that has never done any image editing . It 's step by step workflow tells you where to go next . There 's never any guessing what 's going to look good on an edited image because PE lets you `` try before you apply , '' meaning you can see your effects before you apply them . PE also has a lot of features I have n't seen anywhere else . Text effects let you set your text on fire , run them along a path , and turn them in 3D . There 's also a variety of special effects that one would need a plug-in to use . You can turn run-of-the-mill images to look as if you drew them with charcoal , pastels , watercolors or oilpaints . Also , you can move your images easily to your website .
 This is literally a one of a kind product . There is absolutely nothing else like it on the market today . A combination of some of the most breathtaking 360 photography I 've ever seen of Bolivia and a very interactive software program . Note it only works on a PC or MAC , not on a TV . The producer of this DVD - World in Motion is very well known in the VR photography industry and pioneered 360 degree time lapse photography -LRB- think Koyaanisqatsi but where you control the action and can turn all around -RRB- . If still not convinced , read the online article in vrmag.org -LRB- edition 25 -RRB- about Bolivia 's brazen beauty . This is a very indepth and positive review of the product by the industies leading magazine . If you 're planning a trip to Bolivia and want to start getting jazzed about it , do n't hesitate about buying this . Much more fun than a boring guidebook .
 Boliivia is an amazing country both for the indigeneous populaton and simply stunning scenery . This product is a fantastic way to visit it . This very cool DVD loaded up quickly on my PC . Nothing to install and the full screen interface is very easy to use and surprisingly interactive . You can navigate through the different regions in total 360 degrees and click on maps to get aditional infos about the cool places to visit . The high quality photography is simply mindblowing . Most of the 360 panoramas have sound , music and in many cases are even moving like 360 video . The powerful shots of the awful conditions in the Potosi silver mines were amazing as were the scenes in La Paz and the Salar . Very highly recommended if you love this country and virtual photography in general . I simply hope they do more countries . Would be great to combine something like this with an actual guidebook that has information on hotels , restaurants etc. . Also would have liked to see a few more 360 time lapse VR 's like the one on Lake Titicaca . It 's a very innovative photography technique I 've never seen before .
 I do n't know about the other reviewers issues with this product , but I have no major complaints . -LRB- After I bought it , the program needed a upgrade -RRB- I was a faithful Mcafee user until I changed to broadband internet service about ten years ago . The service was not compatible to the software at the time so I switched to Norton and used that company until two years ago . I eventually switched to eTrust and I have not had any major issues like what was left . It stopped the viruses that attacked my system like it was supposed to , it blocked what I told it to do , and the file size is extremely small -LRB- Norton was 15x the file size -RRB- . For the choices I had , I am completely satisfied with this product . Those who I know switched to this product have not had any issues either . By the way , when you guys completely remove Norton from your systems , let me know how since I still have embedded software that I could not remove without using XP manager . I have a brang new copy of Mcafee that gave me a massive headache when I tried to install it to two different computers . I am no slouch when it comes to fixing computers so I can honestly say that I would not endorse a product if I did not believe it was useful .
 Goya is a perfect easy to use solution if you work with digital photos , music , videos . You can easily produce a photoshow from your digital photos like I did and they make wonderful gifts when you then use this same software to burn a CD putting your photos on the CD . I also use Goya to transfer all my music files into MP3 so I canmore room on my hard drive . Goya is a great value . I use it all the time !!
 This program does a terrific job of creating an image of one 's hard disk . I used this to create an image of my hard disk to CD-R media -LRB- CD-RW and DVD are also supported -RRB- . The user interace is very easy to use . What I like most of this software
 And it 's a little , independent company unlike those gigantic multinational conglomerates ! Go Penguin !
 The mints are sugar free and the flavor is INTENSE.There is not a better mint on the market . They are head and shoulders above Altoids .
 This is a great program , some of the directions stink . My 13 year old nephew ca n't ` figure out ' this program . Splendid ! . This program is so good it will make him lazy and turn his brain to mush . His mother ordered this program for him from Amazon . He could n't figure it out . His father posted that here . This is not a program for middle schoolers . Some of it is so advanced I -LRB- age 55 -RRB- have trouble with it and I use Mathcad -LSB- made by the same folks -RSB- every day . If one had time to figure out all the things which Studyworks could do or had someone show them this would be GREAT WARE but whomever did the instructions should be shot . This is NOT warm and fuzzy Mac stuff I use a Mac but for this particular software I 'd rather run the P.C. version . For advanced H.S. or Maths types or for ` Math Nerds ' -LSB- like me -RSB- this is a 5 1/2 starer . But if you are not its a 1 at best .
 OK , first off , I like this product . As a matter of fact , I use it all the time and if I did n't have it I would grow extremely anxious and start acting out , so it is a big part of my daily routine . That being said , here are the probems . First , it is very hard to get it to print your notes -LRB- or some of the more complex reports -RRB- , and your relationships , although all this stuff is perfectly visible and available and linkable in the computer , which makes for a certain amount of swearing all around . If you have no problem keeping all this stuff in the database and then exporting it via the always popular copy-and-paste method , that 's one thing . But I 've got over 5,000 records in this database after only a year and I must admit that the old reliable copy 'n' paste is growing a tad stale . On the good side , Daytimer continues to provide freebie updates over the internet . On the bad side , you have to accept their cookies into your machine for them to do this , which makes the more paranoid among us a tad nervous . But hey , it is much more natural for me than the Franklin Planner software , which was a kind of `` Hal open the pod bay doors '' experience , '' so that 's good . And it 's made for people like myself who thought ACT was just way too complicated , so that 's also a positive thing . I think it is a good product as long as you are prepared to accept the above conditions , and of course the fact that Daytimer 's software techies are really hard to get ahold of , so do n't even think about it . But overall I think my world is better with this product than without , and having gone through a fair number of its competitors , I think it is a decent use of the money . The price is reasonable . It 's just these little niggling annoying faults that make me think no one really tested this by using it , they just slammed together a bunch of different modules and said , hey , it looks good to me . Oh , right , it also links reasonably well with my Palm V. It 's definitely easy to link and my issues are more from the software interaction there -LRB- i.e. you ca n't display the information in the same way and some of the info of course does n't make it over to the Palm -RRB- than any shortfalls in the Daytimer software function . About every other time , after my Daytimer software closes , it announces to me and the whole world that it has had a fault and is closing -LRB- duh -RRB- . The one techie I finally managed to get ahold of after making the phone pilgrimage to Utah or wherever they do this stuff said something along the lines of `` oh yeah , we 're working on that , '' but this fault has done nothing to the integrity of my data and really does n't seem to be more than an annoying cosmetic fault .
 There is a program called `` C_DILLA '' that Mathsoft has seen fit to install in a hidden file on some of its products . Just do a web search under the keywords `` C_DILLA '' , `` Mathcad '' , and `` spyware '' -LRB- or any combination with C_DILLA in there . You will get a lot of information . -RRB- Call MathSoft and MAKE SURE that this earlier Mathcad version does not install C_DILLA on your system.If C_DILLA is installed , then I suggest you do web search on the effects that C_DILLA has on your CD burner.You have been warned.If C_DILLA is not part of this program , then buy it . Mathcad is the best of its genre .
 I use this practically everyday . It keep my schedule organized , it is so easy to update , and does much more ! I can keep all my contact information orgazined and updated -- much easier than updating in a hand-written book . With the calendar , I can print out my schedule by day , week , or month . It helps me stay on task . The expenses feature is not what I was looking for -- it is just a place to make a list of your expenses , rather than a side-by-side month-to-month view of my personal expenses . It 's fine for my business use . This is a great product for work and personal use . With the multi-user , you and your spouse/roommate can use the same software and have your own database . I recommend this product to anyone for personal or business use . It also features a task list , team organizer , contact log , notes and if you have the mulit user version , you can send messages to other users . Great product , easy to use .
 Mathsoft 's staff has improved the software , compared with version 7 , adding some sort of programming facilities , and graphics presentation.For those who are not familiar with Mathcad , I address some important properties of the software :1 -RRB- Direct graphing and formula editing
 Paulo wrote an excellent review . This version is still worth locating and using as it is the last version that works with a freely distributable viewer
 You can now do what you thought you needed a Palm upgrade to do . With the standard Palm III and a Palm III modem , I can receive , and send E-Mail with the touch of a pen
 If you are thinking of getting this product you should . I use this all the time for reports for school . I use to have Coral Gallery but that did n't have as many pictures as this . Also Coral Gallery did n't work as well . This has a picture of almost every thing you might need a picture of . I think this is just as good as one with more graphics . It 's also cheaper than the ones with alot more graphics .
 I 'm fairly new to the computer world . I was hesitant about buying this software because I was n't sure if I could figure out how to use it on my own . It turned out to be very easy to use . Finding the right clip art is made simple by consulting the index in the manual which is included . The manual shows illustrations of each graphic . Each graphic is also coded B/W or color . My only disappointment was in the packaging for the CD-ROMs . The portfolio provided only 9 storage slots for the 13 CD-ROMs . The other 4 fall out of the box every time I open it . Overall , it 's a great value for the amount of clip art it contains .
 I was very happy with the product I bought . The book and cds are in excellent shape well worth my money.Debbie
 If you 're one of those people like me , who hang on to an older version of the application waiting for the right time , now is the time to upgrade . You wo n't be disappointed . Just ask the editors of both PC Magazine and C | Net which awarded this version their Editor 's Choice Award.Once again Adobe has listened to its loyal customer base . The proof is in the new version of Illustrator . Many of our requests were answered with the latest version including some that we did n't even think of . I was happy to find out that even with the new features , Adobe has not altered Illustrator 's previous palettes or keyboard commands . There 's nothing worse than having a shortcut or command memorized for years and then it gets changed with a new version . No fear here!First of all , I want to say that I am really impressed with the Live Trace and Live Paint features , especially when used together . We all know that sometimes ideas hit us when we least expect it and are away from our beloved computer . We end up drawing it out on a napkin , paper towel or the unused envelope from our glove compartment . Normally , once you get back to your computer you have to try to redraw your graphic using Illustrator which takes both time and effort -- not any more.Take your napkin masterpiece to your scanner and scan it in . Once the image has been scanned , then the fun begins . Once the image has been scanned in and brought into Illustrator CS2 , use the Live Trace feature to actually trace your drawing . This feature actually turns to drawing into a Live Trace object for easy manipulation . After applying some blurring as needed , your traced image is cleared up . Then , convert your Live Trace object into a Live Paint object using the new Control Palette . I like the Live Paint tool also because it reminds me of working in Photoshop.Once you 've converted to the Live Paint object , you can easily use the pen and other tools to modify any points to your liking . Live Paint also has a feature called Gap Detector which can prevents paint from going over into other sections because of a break in a line . This is a handy feature that keeps you from having to fix overspill later . When the object outlines are finalized , use the Live Paint feature to easily fill any region with color . Voila ! You are done . Go from napkin to art in a matter of minutes.A concern of many of us for years was the fact that while Illustrator keep getting better and newer features , it also mean more and more palettes . Sometimes it became a little unmanageable . However , the pros at Adobe recognized this problem and applied a solution - the Control palette . This new palette sits at the top of the screen . First , it acts as a an object inspector providing information . Secondly , -LRB- and more importantly -RRB- , the Control palette provides easy access to fill and stroke dropdown menus , brush shape , opacity , and style . No longer do you have to fumble through your palette to get at these frequently used features . If you are fans of Adobe 's other Creative Suite 2 software , you will be pleased to learn that the Control Palette is apart of their new makeover too.Here are some more new additions and changes to Illustrator : * Like Photoshop , Illustrator CS2 now supports custom workspaces . You can display only the palettes you need at any time . You are also able to access or save any workspace at any time or use workspace templates . * Adobe has improved the Swatch and color integration . Now , working with the other Creative Suite 2 programs is seamless . * Isolation Mode is a feature that allows you to double-click a group move and edit internal objects without having to search through the Layers Palette . * CS2 now supports all of the latest Wacom tablets . It now provides brush support for the new Wacom 6D Art Pen and adds a new dimension Illustrator 's Calligraphic and Scatter brushes * Adobe Bridge integration is now a part of Illustrator CS2 . Bridge allows you to easily manage images through thumbnails for better workflow . * Macromedia Flash exports are now available . You can export both text and objects as Flash files which result in smaller file size and easier incorporation into web projects . * You can now open Photoshop files with layer comps within Illustrator . This new feature allows you to view many versions of a layout at one time , just as you do in Photoshop * Custom stroke placement is a new addition to Illustrator . You can now place strokes on the outside , inside or center of a path . * Underline and Strikethrough are two of over 170 new type enhancements . * These are a few of the new features!The $ 169 upgrade cost is well worth the money , just for the Live Trace and Live Paint features alone . However , you get so much more in the new Illustrator CS2 . Upgrade now and be completely satisfied . If you have n't purchased a vector graphics program , get Illustrator , especially if you are already an owner of a version of Photoshop . This new version of Illustrator even looks more like the familiar Photoshop layout.Loren ElksGroup Manager , D-MAG . org
 Nobody , and I mean NObody , could be more of an Illustrator novice & ignoramus than I. Several months ago I was given a licensed copy of Illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . Wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , I raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . Having taught myself everything from MS-DOS to TurboCAD , to Photoshop Elements , not to mention Word , Excel , and Powerpoint -LRB- do n't get me started on that latter program , argh -RRB- , I figured I could tackle at least the basics of Illustrator 9 . Loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend ... and just about lost my sanity -- and several fingernails -- trying to learn that confounding program . I managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . But egads , what a big , stinky bear Illustrator 9 was to wrestle.When I saw that CS2 had this Live Trace feature , I pleaded with my workplace Santa to get it for me , and WOW ! What an overall improvement !! Illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an MS Office product , but this comes darn close . With CS2 , they 've given us `` hot tips '' -- little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . The intuitive menus are nice too . Also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the Office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . Aaaahh ! Finally some help for dunces like me.Live Trace and Live Paint are unbelieveably cool . The very first thing I did after loading CS2 was to grab a . jpg photo of a soccer ball off Google Images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online Help , I 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors I wanted.But as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested Illustrator Visual Quickstart guide by Elaine Weinmann was dead-on . I 've bought several other `` highly rated '' books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of Adobe products , so I 've seen them all . The Visual Quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable `` wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author '' writing , and focuses just on the basics . And it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . Still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning Illustrator through experience . But the Weinmann book 's better than any I 've seen yet.The only reason I have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . In that way it 's still `` snobby '' -- aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . But this is a far , far , far cry better than Illustrator 9 . Absolutely worth the money , just for Live Trace and Live Paint alone .
 Illustrator CS2 is a good program with interesting new features -LRB- live trace/live paint -RRB- . For those of you who complain that the program is unstable , I recommend 1 . shutting down Illustrator , 2 . throw out your preference file on your C
 I was afraid at first not to order directly from Adobe but decided to take the cheaper route . It was obviously worth it - everything arrived perfectly - wrapped up , original CD set , etc.Shipped in record time as well.Eyal .
 Really easy to use software to produce PRO-like schedules and time charts . No need to be a magician in terms or tricks , just proceed with basic skills . Worth using !
 I am a secondary teacher . I teach my students multimedia . I use it to prepare my own presentations . Art Explosion is an excellent inexspensive tool for students to use . It is very easy to use . I would recommend it to anyone .
 It contains everything from photos of ballet , landscape and teddy bears to funny clip art and fonts . Also it has a lot of images that can be used as frames , borders and other design images to be used for webdesign . In addition it does n't have those annoying numbers as titles of images , but has the name of the image . Makes it a lot easier to locate the images you 're looking for ! The images are also sorted alphabetically which makes it very easy to browse to both the CD 's and catalog!The catalog shows all of the clip art images , and also which catagories of photos that can be found on the 29 CD 's . And it is very easy to locate an image you like in the catalog on the right CD.If you 're looking for photos and also clip art to use in espessially webdesign , then this is really worth it !
 This is the best one i 've ever had . I had a web site and i use a lot of the pictures for some clip art and stuff it 's really cool .
 Art Explosion 40,000 offers few enough images for you to find your target visual with relative ease yet enough diversity to satisy most general audience , small newsletter , flyers and menues . Even though this item is available with vastly more graphics -LRB- 100000 's -RRB- this one is recommended for the person who does n't have time to browse so many looking for minute details but requires the fine professional look of visuals in the document . Great for the home publisher .
 Speaking as a designer , this clip-art program works very well with Windows XP . I have designed alot of things with the clip-art from brochures to greeting cards , posters , business cards and alot of other things . The software is very user friendly and NO SHAREWARE !!! all 40,000 clip art on 4 bonus disc plus as a bonus beautiful photographs .
 Finally , Nova Development has got it right , delivering an excellent antidote to the cheesy and outdated Art Explosion 250,000 collection . The Art Explosion 525,000 has been updated to reflect the more sophisticated aesthetic of the 1990s , with thousands more images in contemporary styles such as brushstroke and woodblock . In addition , Nova places no restrictions on the use of these images in commercial materials , unlike their nearest competitor , IMSI . This collection wins my vote .
 Of all the collections I have sampled , this is the one I chose to purchase , and in two years I have n't regretted it . Most of the art is useful , but even with a half million images , there are topics which are not covered in useful depth . I wish there was a greater emphasis on complex vector illustration , and that it was possible to search electronically ; you really have to use the bulky catalog to find something.Don ' t take this review as being too negative . If you are going to rely on a single collection , this is the one to get . The larger Art Explosion collections offer little more than extra variations on the images here , and most of the other publishers ' mega-offerings are just junk .
 Got this for a friend and the price was right . There are lots better programs out there but she had already stated using this one and it was a great deal here .
 I 've used Printmaster Gold for years , but had to upgrade when I got a new computer that my older version was not compatible with . I appreciate the fast service . Thanks ... Leta
 I have always like this . My computer crashed and I had to re-order the software , but it is a great software . It is very easy to use . I love the pictures . I like being able to so easily re-open a saved project .
 not saving changes when I resave and rename file . What 's up . Other than that Love it . Prints out fine from program when I send it errors are still there . Just started and ca n't figure out why . The graphics are awesome and quality is great .
 Been a long time fan of Printmaster and very happy there is one that can load all the graphics so you do not have to change the discs all the time and on top of that get to save your work as a pdf so that you can email to people and not have to worrry if they can open it or not . GREAT BUY ! and still a big fan !
 VIP-C 2.5 provides the novice programmer without the benefit of loads of experience the means to get started on the Mac . Especially the rich documentation is a plus
 Database software which is truly object-oriented is really scarce , and this one costs much less than the competition . It allows the collection of data and organization of interrelations between particular data much as it is in life - as its name suggests it allows organization of data like in the systems of Linnaeus . This is useful for collections where there is need to relate objects into categories , to reference to photos , and to reference books to particular data - all at the same time ! One drawback is that translation of the data to other database formats offers limited choices . But I like it ... and it DOES still work in MAC 10.3.9 !
 the database is easy to use and has many handy options . i use mine to maintain a database for a non-profit organization . We use it to keep track of membership and create mailing labels tailored to the nature of the event .
 This is essentially the review I posted for their sister-product , MasterCook Deluxe Low Carb . I 've spent 3 days researching the heck out of cooking software , and maybe I can save you some effort ... or at least give some food for thought . I want to upgrade from my 3.5 '' disk of MasterCook II -LRB- 2.7 -RRB- version from 1993 . Sierra sold the MasterCook line to ValuSoftware a few years ago , a company with questionable practices based on all the internet research I 've observed recently . A lot of what I 've read indicates that if you decide to go with MasterCook , you 're better off springing for the two bills more and getting MasterCook Deluxe , not the LowCarb version of it . Deluxe has everything that LowCarb has -LRB- except 11 recipes that are only in LowCarb -RRB- , plus thousands of regular recipes , should you ever need one . You can filter Deluxe to return just the Low Carb recipes results . It appears the LowCarb product was a fast remarketing ploy by ValuSoft to make some quick bucks on current trends , without hardly doing anything but filtering existing software.I 've also read on the internet that ValuSoft tends to buy up software , sell it cheap , sell it only until the sales decline , then abandons the product . It does n't sound like much is ever done for future enhancements . Not good , if it 's true.Of significant note for me as a low carber of over 5 years , before it got trendy , is that the MasterCook line does n't break out sugars from the carb nutritional analysis reporting.I 'm strongly considering `` Living Cookbook '' instead , a much newer program , but with some really active development going on , and easy communication with the actual software developer . There 's an online demo I checked out , a free 25-use trial , and continual updates for no extra fee -LRB- even entire whole number version updates -RRB- . It reports carbs , net carbs -LRB- and sugar , sugar alcohol and fiber -RRB- . It looks pretty attractive to me . -LRB- I do n't think it can be any riskie than going with ValuSoft 's MasterCook program at this point . -RRB- Alternatively , there 's another line you might look at ... Cook ` n , which offers a low carb version that 's probably better than what MasterCook has to offer as far as the recipes offered anyway.MasterCook has a huge following , but I do n't know that it can be sustained now that it 's under the control of ValuSoft ... or if it will be around for long . I 'd be ... CAUTIOUS , if you intend to invest a lot of time into cooking software data entry .
 Although it 's not a replacement for recipe `` books '' , this is a great tool if you collect recipes from the Internet , or need to analyze the nutritional contents of a recipe . You can also scale recipes , add your own ingredients including nutritional values , print shopping lists , search recipes by ingredient , create your own cookbooks , and categorize recipes.There is also a daily meal planner . You can input what you ate all day , and the program will tell you the nutrition values of a particular meal , or for the entire day . This comes in handy if you 're on a diet , or you need to watch intakes such as calcium , iron or B12.Highly recommended !
 I have been using software to organize my recipes for many years . It is so handy to search for specific ingredients , change the number of servings , and print off a recipe to use in the kitchen so that I do n't expose my cookbooks to grease and spills.Over the years , I tried many different products and found problems with each that made them difficult to use . As recipe software products failed to support new Windows versions , I had to move on to other , newer products.Why I did n't try MasterCook until last year , I do n't know . I KNEW that it was the most commonly used recipe software and that many web sites contained MasterCook-compatible recipes that could be directly loaded into MasterCook , but somehow I thought it was n't `` fancy '' enough.Boy was I wrong ! When my hard disk crashed and I ended up having to install Windows 2000 instead of Windows 98 , I found my old recipe software would not load onto Windows 2000 . The only software I could find that would was MasterCook , so I bought it.When I think how easy MasterCook is to use , and how the old products I had used over the years were so difficult , I could kick myself for not switching over years ago!MasterCook is stable , works great , and is so easy to use that I never looked at the documentation!Best of all , it allows me to organize over 800 of my own recipes , as well as make use of the hundreds of recipes that came with it!It figures out all the nutritional information for every recipe . I never realized how useful that would be now that we are all watching our carbs and fat ! This allows me to `` tweak '' recipes and instantly see how changes affect fat and carbohydrate grams.The best thing of all is that the format MasterCook uses to export recipes and to make backup files is THE standard for recipe software . That means , if I DO have to move to another recipe software product in the future , I will be able to import all my recipes into the new software . -LRB- I can only emphasize how important this is by relating that over the last 20 years , when moving from one software program to another , I had to RE-TYPE over 500 recipes into new software ! TWICE ! -RRB- Or , even if I ca n't move the backup files into new software , because MasterCook stores its backups in a human-readable format , at the very least I have a readable record of my recipes .
 I have been using Master Cook 5 for probably 10 year . I have re-loaded it on two new computers . I think I did have some trouble with it at one point , but it was more of an irritation than a real problem . In any event , I now have it on my latest computer that has MS 2007 as the operating system and it 's working better than ever . There are hundreds of recipes that they provide . I frequently load recipes I think might be good and like the intuitive autofill feature . I love that I can e-mail the recipes to friends and I can re-portion recipes when I do n't want to make a whole recipe . I also like the fact that I can see all the nutritional info . If I think there 's too much fat in a recipe , I can make an adjustment , check to see how big the change is and save the change . If you really want to use every feature in the program , you can set up your pantry , create shopping lists and get wine recommendations . There are lots of colorful pictures that I always find useful when deciding whether to use a recipe . We do eat with our eyes first and if it does n't look good , I 'm probably not going to bother . I do n't know anything about other cooking software on the market , but this is well priced and it suits my needs perfectly .
 THIS SOFTWARE IS EXCELLENT AND INTERESTING . I HAVE BOUGHT THE OTHER COLLECTION OF MASTERCOOK AND THEY ARE VERY USEFUL TO FIND THE RECIPES YOU WANT . THANKS VERY MUCH
 As a graduate of culinary school , I was provided a software program for my computer and entered a whole heck of treasured receipes in it . Well , I did not know at the time that my ability to add , copy or change my own items would expire and that they would be more than happy to sell me another version of their product for well over $ 500 . I could not and still can not afford such a program . I find Master Cook very user friendly , in so many ways . I can scale , export , import copy add to shopping list easier than any of the other programs I have tried . I give it a thumbs up
 Why is this software not available for Macintosh ? It is a great program , but I have recently switched to an Apple IMAC and am unable to use your software . Will Sierra be making the software available for Macs ? I hope so , as I have loved using this program on my old pc .
 Thank God for Wordpro . It totally blows away Word . IN this monopolized Microsoft world , it 's just about impossible to not have WORD , so I have it . I use it to open attached files people send me . So I guess that makes WORD the Lingua Franca of word processors . But for writing , for creating flyers , ads , brochures , for my kids papers , posters , projects -- Wordpro is so much better , more powerful and easier to use.Some of the features I really like are the page and text formatting , and particularly , frames.The way Wordpo lets you build , manipulate , modify move frames makes it so easy to get just the look you want on your documents . I 've used Wordpro put together great ads placed on 4th covers and inside covers of national magazines . That makes it more than just a word processor and that 's why I originally got into it , in its earlier incarnation as Amipro.One great thing about it is the ability to save files in all kinds of other formats . Given the Microsoft world we operate in , Wordpro lets you save your files in various Word formats , so you easily share files with non-Wordpro users.I also like the tool bar , how powerful it is , how easy it is to modify and customize it.This is a great program . I hope IBM , the current owner will continue to support and develop it .
 Let 's face it
 Computer service great / Work like the Lotus Word Pro 97 on my 1st computer Compaz / /
 I bought this software because we were going to completely redesign our kitchen and living room into a great room . I wanted to see the layout in 3D with color combinations rather than just sketching it out on graph paper . This program did exactly what I needed it to do . It even let me create an island with a countertop overhang -LRB- once I referenced the help file to find out how to do it -RRB- . I got to play with numerous ideas for walls , flooring , cabinets , countertops , lighting ... you name it . I work in the construction industry , and it helps to have some knowledge about that generally , but I think that almost anyone could use this program . The help file is extensive . It comes with a handbook , but I never had to get that out . If I had , I ca n't imagine what else I might have been able to do with the program . The only negative things I can think of is that you ca n't paint an accent wall -LRB- all walls in a room are colored at once -RRB- , and the Suite version has a limited number of materials and furnishings to choose from . But it sure did the trick for what I needed . I 'm anxious to use it for landscape design and for remodeling the upstairs of our house .
 I bought Better Homes and Gardens Home Designer Suite 7.0 because we were planning to remodel our house.When I installed the software , the first thing I did was run around for ten minutes with a tape measure and sketchpad so I could set up the initial floor plan in the software . After another ten minutes I had the floor plan in the computer.Over the next three evenings , my wife and I experimented with tearing out walls , moving walls , adding walls , extending the size of the house , adding rooms etc etc. . The software allowed us to put in all fixtures and fittings - showers , tub , kitchen sink , fridge , stove and more . There are several camera view options too , so you can explore how the home will look with the changes you make . Fantastic!The software cost less than $ 100 , but we think it saved us thousands by allowing us to experiment with design decisions without having to go build them to discover they would not work - from positioning the toilet and shower in one bathroom , to the need to add an extra 5 feet to the laundry room.Once the builders started the work , we were able to tweak the design as we went to take into account necessary changes - supporting walls we missed in our ignorance , changind door widths , locations , new colours for the walls , different floor coverings etc. . Changes never took more than a few minutes.Soon we plan to build a whole new house from the ground up . We will be able to use this software to make our own plans and designs before handing them over to an architect or draftsman to create a blueprint and fix the rough edges.If you are experienced using any sort of design or drawing software , this package will be easy for you to use . For the inexperienced , there are helpful tutorials and videos . With a little patience , anyone should be able to use this software.My best software purchase in YEARS !
 Overall this is a great product , and does exactly what it is advertised to do . The users interface is fairly simple to use , and the graphics are great . In less than a day I was able to model my kitchen almost exactly.The only annoyances are relatively small : One drawback is that you can only edit the dimensions of walls by `` dragging and dropping '' . It would be nicer if you could just type in a wall length -LRB- you can dimension other components this way ... i.e. cabinets -RRB- . One other similar drawback is you ca n't define relative dimensions ; i.e. I dimensioned my master bedroom and closets ... then realized I had an error in the dimensions of the adjacent room -LRB- shared a common wall -RRB- . When I moved that wall , there was no way to shift the entire master bedroom with it ... so I had to go through and shift each wall / dimension manually.All in all a very great product ... and very addicting . Another bonus is that you can go online and find websites with expanded libraries of components -LRB- furniture , brand name paint colors , wall paper , flooring , etc. -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Sure , there are some weaknesses in HDS 7.0 , but consider the price vs. a professional design system . I 'm having loads of fun with mine , and it is certainly more than enough to get you started with designs . It allows you to `` see '' the effects of changes to floor plans , colors , materials , etc. . It has some trouble with things like complex roofs , but if you get over that it is a great software package.Highly recommended . ** UPDATE ** Although this review applies to an older version of the product -LRB- I can only assume that the newer versions are even better -RRB- , I used this software to design a total basement finishing job - every detail from framing the space to placement of electrical and plumbing , to placing and sizing key furniture elements -LRB- like a pool table -RRB- into the finished space . I used the printed drawings to give to the contractors and trades doing the work , and they were thrilled . Once the complete job was finished , you can take the printed version from Home Designer and it is virtually identical to the finished space ! That paid for itself many times over !!
 This is a great product for the beginner who wants to do some simple or basic remodeling or has limited software experience . Bonus packets are available online to add to this product . It had limits for me , though.Full door base cabinets are not available . I could not make a counter overhang that extended from a corner base cabinet as the backsplash was automatic on the corner base unit . I could n't get rid of the backsplash without getting rid of the cabinet . Also , drawer base cabinets are limited . I wanted to use a three-drawer cabinet base unit but only a bread drawer base with four drawers was available . Materials are limited for interior walls . No tongue and groove for wainscot .
 I got this for my husband for Christmas . We are in the beginning stages of planning our perfect home . This is so easy to use for the novice home designer . The tutorials were easy to watch and understand . I love all the sample homes and plans that give us tons of ideas . I would recommend this to anyone who is trying to plan their perfect home . It is completely enjoyable
 I purchase the software so that we can design furniture , colors , etc. in all of our rooms in a new house we bought . So basic interior design.Within one and half hours I had the software loaded , went through a few of their tutorials and had the bedroom designed with furniture we were considering buying the next day . The software showed me that the sizes of the furniture we were planning to buy might not fit well and/or make the room look small.So for one and half hours , this was not bad . I thought it was very easy to use the software , but the furniture options are definitely limited . For example , the software did not have a simple dresser that has has 6 drawers , three & three . I had to use instead a 9 drawer dresser -LRB- three & three & three -RRB- with a mirror as the alternative , the closest option . It worked but it would have been nice to have something so basic available . The software did not have many basic office desk types that are common today . Again I found an alternative but not optimial.So in summary , very easy to use . Nice if you need to put something together fast . But the options are limited .
 At first glance this software looks every bit what I expected . The User 's Guide is extensive and the software looks like it will be fairly easy to grasp . I 'm looking forward to using this software .
 This is a software that does exactly what it was meant to do ... no more , no less .
 It seams to be a good product , I really have n`t got a chance to practice with it . It will take a while to learn to use
 This software is very flexible and easy to use . I got it for my wife as a valentine 's gift . Now we can sit together and dream up our future home .
 This product is wonderful . We were able to create our home and add our planned addition with very little effort , and it was fun too .
 Great product !!! Was a little worried about the learning curve but found it real easy to learn . Already designed a complete basement . Customer thrilled with design . This is the one to buy .
 I am only just beginning to use the program , but I love it . I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in home design .
 This product is a great product . I 've had a lot of fun with it and I know I 'll continue to enjoy it .
 this is truly the easiest home design software i 've found . i love it . the price is reasonable for all you get . super easy to learn !
 Despite all the warnings from other reviewers , I took the plunge with HD Suite 7.0 . I figured I do n't have much to lose for under $ 100 . I will only add some things I discovered that have n't been mentioned in these reviews.The software does have a rather steep learning curve if your house is not a standard cape design . The roof tool was certainly the most challenging part to figure out . The manual and online tutorial are vague about many minute details . I have gotten my hands wet in the past with CAD design using AutoCAD and SolidWorks , as well as CorelDraw and Micrografx Draw . Home Designer is much more like SolidWorks than the others , since it creates everything in 3D . I wanted to model my L-shaped house with one section containing a 1-1/2 story , and the other section containing a gambrel roof , and both roofs blend together . To make things more interesting , I even have a bay window on the first floor of the 1-1/2 story . If I built my house using standard or gable roofs , there are no problems . But the 1-1/2 story took a lot of trial and error as well as searching through the HD and HomeTalk forums to figure out how to generate the roofs while avoiding complaints from the roof builder.To create both the gambrel and half story roofs , I have to :1 . Turn off the auto roof tool .2 . Override the ceiling height -LRB- to say , 24 '' -RRB- . This becomes awkward if the floor has been split up into several rooms , because I 'll have to do it for each and every room .3 . Specify the roof details .4 . Build the roof and cross my fingers . I got to use the CTRL-R shortcut a lot and saved my last known good changes often ! 5 . Repeat steps 2 through 4 until I got something usable .5 . Then go back to override the ceiling height again -LRB- to say , 90 '' -RRB- . Ditto as in step 2.6 . Avoid rebuilding the roof from that point on . Otherwise , the roof will forget that it was supposed to be a gambrel or half story.I 'm also trying out the dormer tool to add shed dormers to the half story , and it also has similar limitations as the roof builder tool . I came to the conclusion that I would have to spend the $ 400 to get HD Pro if I wanted to have full control of my roof design . I still ca n't generate certain roof combinations if one roof gets too tall , but it 's good enough for me to generate some views , and I 'd leave a slightly taller roof to my imagination.Generating stairs also takes a little trial and error , since you need to click and drag to the right location the first time . Unlike most other items in the house , it 's virtually impossible to move and resize stairs after they 're built.Fortunately , modeling my kitchen , bedrooms , and bathrooms were relatively easy and fun . The cabinet tool is great , and the basic library items were reasonable enough facsimiles . Other than minor details , the model of my kitchen looked just like the real thing.I was very impressed with the power of this software for under $ 100 . I would have given it 5 stars if I did n't have so much trouble with the roof tool and the incomplete documentation . I 'm happy about the HomeTalk forums , as there are several very knowledgeable and helpful HD Pro users there that have answered many of my questions in the archives .
 I really enjoy using this program ever since I caught this type of program being used on those television designing shows . I was shocked how user friendly it was and was impressed by the features . I learned so quickly from the book and user tutorial . This would really help anyone who is trying to find ways to decorate their rooms . I 'm sure the more expensive Designer Professional is far better but at the Suite 's price , it ca n't be beat .
 After much research and time I purchased it because I thought it was the best for the price . I had an old version of the Punch software that really was a little bit of a hassle to use . The only advantage that Punch software has is the ability to scan in a drawing and turn it into walls and workable plans . Overall though the H&G software was a good buy and fairly easy to figure out how to use but I wish it had pre-made polygon rooms to cut and paste . Like every new piece of software for me its easier to spend time playing with it and then pick up the little bits you could n't figure out in the instructions .
 I have no CAD experience , just practice with drawing in MS Word . This product is easy to use and has good tutorials . The only drawbacks I have found is that I do n't know how to make a screened in porch that is not an exterior wall like a sunroom , but is more than a deck rail because it has a full roof , and it has limited plants for planning your landscape . It is great for planning interior changes , though , which was why I bought it .
 Wow , this software is unbelievable ! You can completely remodel a room with just a few click of a mouse . It is affordable especially when you consider the paycheck of an interior architect and the suggestions are excellent . It is easier to do and decide everything while sitting at your computer instead of feeling frustrated during the process . It is quite difficult to come up with exactly your dream house but this software makes it possible quickly and easily . Highly recommended .
 This software is very addicting . I have used it to design additions to my home , a friends new home , and a vacation home . It 's fun and fairly easy to use . The results can be fantastic and valuable . However , there are many issues with this program that needs attention .1 . Roof tool is very difficult to use and not user friendly . I gave up trying to figure out this part of the program . Looks like others have had the same problem . No flexibility .2 . Tool bar and keys are not intuitive and not like MS products . They do n't need to be as difficult to use as they are .3 . Can not change walls . I wanted to build a log home . No such option . Also , trying to change colors/styles of walls can be a challenge . It 's all or nothing .4 . Fireplace tool is not flexible .5 . Be careful as the software saves a back up for every change . You can end up with a HUGE file on your hard drive very quickly.I could go on and on with the negatives . But , I will say it 's the best home design software out there , even with it 's kinks and I do n't regret having made the purchase . Just be prepared for some frustration along the way .
 this is a great product for the price ! very easy to use , and they have a great web site where other users answer questions and give you great advice and tips/tricks . unless you want to spend $ 400 or more for more sophisticated software , i would completely recommend this .
 This is great software at a very reasonable price - easy to learn , use and no bugs ! I demo 'd its bigger brother , Chief Architect , which has many more features . But the BH&G version is perfect for someone who wants to create a home design that can later be passed to a contractor or architect . Versions are easy to create to examine layout alternatives . I will use this software through the building and planning submissions , then turn the design over to a PE who will plan check it , certify truss design , and turn it into working prints for a steel frame house .
 I bought this product for my wife to use to start the design of our new home . She 's a regular computer user , but no kind of geek and is frequently confused by software features and functions.Nevertheless , she 's spent hours enjoying the process of designing our house using the software . Room layouts and adding furniture have been a breeze . The software has given us a very good picture of how big the rooms need to be and how the furniture will fit.She 's had some trouble figuring out mutliple floors . When she added the basement and then switched to a 3D view , the house was shoved sideways off the basement . We never figured that out . Adding stairs to the second floor is another function that she also has n't quite figured out.But overall we are enormously pleased with the software . It gives us plenty of design power without overwhelming us with complexity .
 This was an extremely useful program . We are putting on an addition to our house and we we able to look at many alternatives using this software . We could not have done it just with pencil and paper . We have an exposed basement and the sloped lot can easily be landscaped with the program . The overall 3D views are very helpful . Well worth the price . Dealing with roofs is the only drawback we encountered . It would be nice to have more flexibility with roofs .
 This software is fairly easy to use . Building the roof can be challenging at times if you want anything out of the ordinary . I suppose I could call support and they could probably walk me through it but I just have n't had the time . The furniture , appliance and other selections are a bit limited also . All in all it is a good product for the money .
 We bought this product because we have a small basement and needed to figure out the best way to finish it for maximum space . My husband and I are both very happy with it , architecturally -LRB- placement of walls , space , cabinets , etc. -RRB- It is very easy to use and has done everything we have needed it to do . Whenever we 've had questions we 've called customer support and they have been extremely helpful . We have not used it for landscape yet , so I 'm not sure how it is for that . As far as design goes -LRB- sofa fabric , wood color , etc. -RRB- , it is adequate . It has a lot of options , it 's just not very life-like -LRB- like a real picture -RRB- . But it has been good enough for us to get a great idea of what it will look like . I would definitely recommend this product .
 After trying some of the cheaper home designer programs out there and being very disapointed , I bought this program on a whim , and so far it has been stellar!This suite comes with lots of object libraries , lots of demo floor plans and great support from the BH&G ; Web site .
 this program is very easy to use , watch one short tutorial and you are on your way , watch more to learn the detailed steps , i did expect the furniture library to be better , but its enough to get the idea
 Our world is becoming more diverse . As Americans we forget that few of our ancestors arrived on these shores speaking English . English was their second language . As we continue to welcome -LRB- and sometimes not welcome -RRB- newcomers to our land we can involve many talented and wonderful people into our characteristically American activities by informing and inviting them in their own language . I use translation software successfully to tell others about church , school and social service activities . We can expand the involvement of newcomers into sports , other social groups and business by reaching out this way . Using language translation software like Language Assistant gives you power to communicate at the push of a button . Sometimes the gesture and the attempt to communicate opens doors . Type or scan in existing flyers , announcements or ads and let the Language Assistant do the work . Even if you want to say `` Please stay off the grass ! '' or `` Try our Burgers '' you can do it successfully . People do get the point even if you ca n't check out the grammar like a native speaker . It 's easy to use , and fun . Makes you feel real smart too .
 Much better than I anticipated . Frustrated at first , because I too could not import my resume from a MS Word document , & had to enter the data myself -LRB- poor me -RRB- . BUT , it is was well worth the effort ! Pleasantly surprised with this OUTSTANDING product that was worth every penny . My only regret is not using this software sooner . One caveat
 I came to this site to leave a A + + + review on this product , and before I did I saw some negative comments from other people who had written how disappointed they were . . You know I have been using computer software for a lot of years , and all I can say is these bad reviews must be from people who do n't have a clue . . Not only has ResumeMaker been super easy to use , but it landed me a job within a week !! I guess you just ca n't please everybody , but then there are those who would complain about getting out of bed in the morning . . In fact I had purchased another product called Winway Deluxe -LRB- Resume Program -RRB- beore this and was so dissopointed I gave it away ... After talking to a saleman at a software store , he had stated ResumeMaker Pro . was the only one they hear positive feedback from satisfied customers , so I bought a copy . Boy am I glad I had talked to a person who sells software for a living , and could give me straight up adive . . All I can say is do your home work and you will see what I am saying , and if you want something easy to use go get ResumeMaker Pro . . JB Everett , WA
 By using the `` Resume Maker Professional 11 '' I was able to successfully obtain a Federal job that I do n't think I could have otherwise obtained . All ten modules were extremelyinformative and professional in helping me prepare a resume that adequately reflected my skills , talent andexpertise . Also , by using the `` Salary Finder '' I was able to negotiate a satisfactory salary . By keepingall my records and information in this one file on the CD , the data is readily available whenever I need it.I recommend the `` Resume Maker '' to anyone interested in improving their profession skills whether they arelooking for a change in employment or not.Respectfully , Robert J. May
