 Roxio Toast 8 Titanium -LRB- Mac -RRB- -LSB- OLD EDITION -RSB- Finally found a good product for my MAC Intel . I used Roxio Creator 8 on my late PC and this program for the MAC preformed just as good if not better . A good choice for MAC users .
 I recently upgraded from Toast 6 to Toast 8 . After upgrading my system software to Leopard , Toast 6 no longer worked , so I did n't really have any choice . Toast 8 works flawlessly and it 's ability to compress files to fit on a single layer DVD without any loss in picture quality means my days of buying expensive dual layer discs for back-up copies of my movies are now over . SWEET !!!
 This is the easiest software to use . I 've been using it primarily with Tivo 2 Go and it is the smoothest thing ever . Roxio has made a polished user friendly product to work with my ipod and iphone .
 When you own a Macintosh computer and you want to burn cds or dvds you want a reliable and powerful software , Roxio makes the Toast software and I have used it for about four years now , makes copies easily .
 I have tried many different disc burning packages for the mac over the years but this one is hands down the best , most feature rich program by far .
 program works nicely , but go to the link below to download it for 30something dollars rather than order it for $ 70 . Note
 If you are looking for a fast and easy , drag and drop method to create a wide range of media disks , this is the software .
 This is a logical and worthwhile upgrade for Toast , with an improved interface and capabilities , including managing copying to Blue Ray disks -LRB- if your burner has the capability -RRB- . I upgraded from Toast 7 and have no regrets .
 Is a easy program , but the only dissapoint is dont let me burn regular dvd 's . I read roxio is working on that . But in general Is a one that you need on your computer .
 Using it to record TIVO it is good . I would love to remove commercials , and other edits .
 i tried to burn a DVD of a home video . I could not make the Apple Software work on my mac . -LRB- dunno what i did wrong -RRB- . tried some other software -LRB- shareware , & Dragon Burn -RRB- . i failed to get a burn . So , i purchased Toast 8 , here at Amazon . It works with ease . Now my Home Made Wedding Video is on DVD disc . & i feel that the $ $ $ spent on Toast 8 were well spent . Toast is EASY , EASY , EASY .
 Exactly what is advertised and more . This program allows the creation of all types of DVDs and CDs with ease , it works seemlessly with OS X and is a joy to use .
 I 've read dozens of software reviews of Roxio software for the PC/Win that were far less than complimentary . I needed something to use with my TiVo , but the reviews were so bad , and I 'd already been through torture using a Nero suite , that I skipped it . But recently Amazon had Toast on sale , and there was a rebate available as well.Since the reviews seemed better than the PC products , for $ 40 , I figured I 'd give Toast 8 Titanium a shot on my MacBook.I 'm glad I did . It seems like it was made for TiVo . I was able to burn a DVD from a TiVo recording that could n't do with a plethora of Windows utilities and programs , including some pretty capable hacks.There is one program that reads my TiVo ` now playing ' list with sizes , descriptions , and status . A few clicks and the shows were transferred to my hard drive . I browsed the list of transfers and there was a button at the bottom of the page that said ` Toast it ' . Inserted a blank DVD , did n't change any settings , and presto ! Played it on the computer and it worked fine . So I slipped in the DVD player for the acid test , and it was all there.I have delved into the various features and functions of the software , but if it just worked with TiVo so seamlessly , I got my money 's worth.If you have a TiVo box of recent vintage -LRB- I have a Series 3 , so do n't know the capabilities of earlier boxes -RRB- , and a Mac that supports Toast -LRB- again , I have a MacBook Pro with OS X 10.5 so do n't know if it supports OS 's before Tiger -RRB- , it does n't seem you can go wrong with Toast 8 . I also recently purchased a Slingbox . So I can watch anything on either of my two TiVos anywhere I can connect to the internet , or make a DVD to take with me to watch anywhere I can find a DVD player . Too bad this stuff was n't available when I traveled a lot for business.I 'm in couch potato heaven . I am pleasantly surprised , and very pleased with this purchase .
 This product is great . It is simple to use and offers everything you need to do cd and dvd recording . The addition of tivo to go transfers and dvd menus make this product a true winner . The only problem I have encountered is the length of encoding recordings from tivo to burn them to dvd . If you need to record audio or video to cd or dvd this is the product you need . Do n't wast time with anything else .
 Toast has always been the best burning software on the Mac and this version is no exception . I had skipped over version 7 and was n't sure about getting version 8 since I had the impression that much of what Toast does is already built into the Mac . Boy was I wrong . What comes with the OS , iTunes and iDVD barely scratches what Toast 8 can do . There 's a reason why people continue to recommend this as a must have app on the Mac - it 's gone way beyond burning of CDs and DVDs.Likes : * Data Spanning - a must have for EVERYONE - if you have files that are too big to fit onto a CD or a DVD -LRB- and it 's really pretty easy to have this now ... think video files or your iTunes library -RRB- Toast splits them and burns a piece onto every disc ... . and you can take those discs to any Mac or PC to use them . * Burn Catalog - this is cool - it keeps track of the contents of your discs - so you can see what 's on them - even when the discs are n't in the computer anymore . I love this one ... * Music DVD - puts 1000 songs on a regular DVD so you can play it in your home theater system and see menus and album info while the song is playing . * Photo Disc - my wife loves this one ... makes great looking photo disc slideshows to send to PC users * EyeTV - I use EyeTV to get TV shows onto the Mac - and this is THE ONLY way to burn DVDs of your recorded show - and it 's fast . * DIVX - I like to download DiVX files but iDVD ca n't turn them into DVDs - but this Toast can * DVD copying - Roxio put all of the other product Popcorn into Toast - so if you want to copy DVDs or convert DVDs for iPod ... do n't get Popcorn - get this . * Labeler - I like to make case inserts of the DVDs I burn and this labeler in Toast is really top notch . * Printed manual - YES you read this right , it comes with a printed user guide ... how cool is that ?! Dislikes : * New look - I 'm not such a huge fan of the `` new and improved '' UI ... I was used to the old one in Toast 6 and it will take some time to get used to the new ... I guess that the price you pay for progress.Overall I 'm really happy with this purchase . There are n't too many other apps you need to use the Mac , but this is one of them I think . If you 've recently switched from a PC to the Mac and you 're looking for a burning program - this is the one to get .
 Toast 8 Titanium is a worthwhile upgrade for the program . The GUI for the program has changed somewhat . Significantly enough that you 'll notice . But not so much that there would be a learning curve to get around when using it . The whole thing is pretty much plug-n-play . If you 're familiar with Toast 7 , this will be a snap for you . If not , everything is fairly well spelled out , if not obvious for a mid-level Mac user . If you can do drag and drop functions , you can use Toast 8 . One of the big selling points for this program is the integration of TiVoToGo capabilities . This has been elusive to Mac users up until now . For many , it will still be elusive . What you will find out upon installation is that it will work with properly equipped Series 2 or Series 3 boxes . However , it will not work with DirecTv supplied TiVo units . Also , you should be aware that not all TiVo units have their USB ports enabled . Thus causing an issue with connecting to your existing network . There are work-arounds for these issues . But using them may void the waranty on your TiVo.Overall , I 'm happy with the purchase . The program works faster on my Intel iMac than Toast 7 . But I still wish the TiVoToGo would work in my home .
 Toast 8 , just does what I need . I bought Toast because I needed support for a new DVD burner that neither the basic OS -LRB- 10.4 -RRB- nor my slightly old version of iDVD would support . It offers easy to understand interface that I 've come to expect from a first class Mac app -LRB- and have found lacking in Disk Copy -RRB- . Toast burns my dual layer DVDs just fine . It burns everything else I 've thrown at it just fine as well . It also solved a problem that I had just accepted before . When making backups for remote storage , it seamlessly spans multiple CDs and DVDs . It tells me how many disks I 'm going to need before I get started . It guides me through the entire process.One of the bundled apps that I did n't expect to use is Deja Vu , the backup/mirroring/etc . Utility . I have several shareware backup utilities and was reasonably happy with them . I 've found however , that they can not compare with Deja Vu for flexibility , power and ease of use . It has become the new backup standard at my house.There is a ton of other capabilities in this package that I just have n't gotten to use yet but I an extremely pleased with this package and would not hesitate to recommend it to other users .
 This is another product that I wish Amazon would allow us to give half -LRB- 1/2 -RRB- stars because I would rate the Toast 8 at four and one half stars as opposed to a perfect five.For someone to give a product 5 stars , it is presupposed that the product is outstanding with no unrealistic flaws . There a few that you should be aware of . First of all ... Toast 8 is a bundled software package . Until now , it was just the premiere cd/dvd burning software for the Mac . Period . And , it is still the most economical and best multi-platform burning software for the Mac , only this timeRoxio has decided to combine several little add-ons to make Toast 8 a more attractive buy . Indeed , it does . We 've used earlier editions of Toast in various functions such as in providing the local print shop with our files for advertising and promotional material for our theatre . Never a problem . We 've used Toast to back up files on the harddrive and archived them . Never a problem . Making crisp clean copies of audio cd 's , excellent , except in the version we had , one could not go back to I-Tunes to burn files once Toast was installed . It seemed as if Toast `` bogarted '' the cd-burning ability from I-Tunes . Toast 8 * The cd / dvd functions , excellent as always . But , you 're -LRB- we 're -RRB- now able to use I-Tunes to burn files we have on file without having to go to Toast . Great . Roxio kept a perfect software in tact.CD Spindoctor * Unless I 'm wrong , but I think Roxio has used their `` PC '' name for the Mac-version of their audio filtering software `` Jam '' . That created just a little confusion , they should have just said `` Jam , '' because they marketed it as being included in Toast 8 . With that being said , you should know that THERE ARE NO INSTRUCTIONS FOR ANY OF THE OTHER FREE SOFTWARE INCLUDED EXCEPT FOR THE ORIGINAL TOAST SOFTWARE . The booklet that comes in the box has instructions for only the cd burning , Toast . If you 're not familiar with the other software like I was `` CD Spin Doctor -LRB- `` Jam '' -RRB- , Disc Cover Re , Disc Catalog , Motion Picture HD or TiVo to Go , then you 'll have to find instructions on-line . Spindoctor / `` Jam '' is excellent for what it does . I 've used several times to restore and back-up old cassettes that I worried would break . This particular software used to come as a stand-alone software about 6 months after the latest version of Toast would appear , bringing the combined cost of Toast and Jam to about $ 150 . It 's now free ! -LRB- I spoke to a rep. at Roxio concerning some directions on using Spindoctor and she told me afterwards that Roxio was discontinuing `` Jam '' and decided on adding it to Toast . -RRB- Spindoctor instructions -- you 'll need to have in addition to the audio device -LRB- ie , turntable/cassette deck -RRB- an RCA 1/8 audio input jack . The 1/8 '' input goes directly into the MacBook / PowerBook or MacPro etc. jack . The red and white -LRB- right and left -RRB- channels goes into the `` Line Out '' of the audio device . Once you open Spin D , you 'll have to decide if you want to record from the computer 's internal mic 's or the input module . Unless you 're recording a discussion in the room , I 'd suggest the input . Once you do that , you 'll notice in the bottom section , right , the time remaining on the computer 's harddrive for recording . * It does n't give you the file saving option yet , as it automatically saves it as an uncompressed WAV file.After you 've done your recording , you 'll have to engage the `` wand '' device to see the spectrum . Spin will automatically break the recording into sections . You 'll move the triangle to the spot where you 'd like to make some adjustments . Correspondingly , you 'd have to look to the bottom where the numbers correspond to the colored sections , if you would . Hitting delete removes that section of the audio file . Beware ... when editing , only the audio in the colored -LRB- red , yellow , blue , etc -RRB- will be transfered to Toast for burning and / or I-Tunes for storage . It 's not always easy to determine what 's been deleted as the background is a pale grey.When finished , you can either add equalizer enhancements -LRB- a small tab in the upper right-hand corner -RRB- or send to Toast and or / I-Tunes . There 's a box in spin that says `` Path '' . This is important , because if you want to delete the uncompressed WAV file , you 'll need this information to find it to delete once you 've archive the uncompressed to cd/dvd and the compressed file in I-Tunes . Both , you 'll have to engage from the drop-down menu . * Disc Cover RE -- You can use this , if you have a disc that allows for burning images on the top . * Disc Catalogue -- This is great if you 'd like to know what you 've burned and when , but it wo n't tell you where the file is if you 've followed the Path and deleted the original file . * I have n't used Tivo-to-Go , but a friend said the resolution left something to be desired.With the exception of the lack of supporting instructions for the free , bundled software . This is absolute worth upgrading to . If nothing else than for software that you 'd probably buy separately .
 I recently encountered a problem with the purchase of Toast 8 Titanium and have had problems with Roxio in the past . Well , things appear to be changing . I had the pleasure of dealing with a caring Roxio employee who took care of my problem in an efficient , effective and extremely friendly manner . After some discussion with this person , I came away with the feeling that things are changing for the better . My experience could not have been better.I still think that Toast is one of the best pieces of software ever written for Macintosh . I especially like the new feature in version 8 , the ability to create CDs of photos that one can give to friends and family . The recipient can play a slideshow on either PC or Mac with no need for any additional software , not even Toast . This feature , alone , is worth the upgrade to me . A great piece of software , and a company that looks to me like it will be providing first rate customer service .
 We put off buying this for our Macs for 2 years . Now we are kicking ourselves . The first three uses - archiving , making Music DVDs -LRB- a strong challenge to using Apple TV for showing your music on the big tube -RRB- , and making photo discs for the relatives -- all worked like a charm.You 're going to like this product a lot better on Intel Apples than on G4 Power Books , but we are pleased on both , and we like the interface.Buy the boxed version and get the book - looking up how-to in the manual is much faster than scanning the electronic version for help.We hardly ever say that any product is a 5 .
 I just up-graded from Toast 7 Titianium . As expected Toast works great and has some very nice new features -LRB- disk spanning , iPod , PSP support -RRB- . I did n't even realize until I installed that it included TiVo To Go . I did the install on my MacBookPro C2D . Opened the program , typed in my TiVo media code , and was able to see both of my TiVo s right there om my desktop ! Wow - transfer was easy - just a click . It just works . So , I transfered my TiVo copy of the most recent 24 to my laptop , then used Toast to compress for an iPod . Except for taking some time for the transfer and codec , could not be easier . Cheers - Jim
 It 's Toast . If you 've used it , you know it and probably like it.But holy wow , does this version use a LOT OF RAM !!! Do n't expect to be running Parallels , a web browser , and Toast at the same time , even if you have 2GB of RAM -LRB- as I do -RRB- . For that reason , I withhold one star . `` What 's that sound ? Oh , it 's my hard drive thrashing away because Toast just gobbled up 800GB of RAM '' Yikes !
 I have always found Toast to be the method of choice for burning discs , either CD or DVD . It provides fine control with ease of use in the finest MacOS tradition . This edition adds new refinements , more choices , more file types , and it even gets out to the way while it is busy . I use Toast many times a day , and it is never a fight , just a drop in a disc and some files , a few clicks , two `` pings '' , and you 're done . DVDs , VideoCDs , MP3 disks , CDs , whatever . It just works !
 I have used the Toast line of CD/DVD burning software since I had my old Macintosh G3 and this version of the software is the most feature-packed yet.I am using this product on both an older dual processor G4 running OS X 10.4.11 and on a Core 2 Duo MacBook Pro on OS X 10.5.4 and both machines have burned flawlessly . I 've not had any trouble with either machine.It is a simple to use program with lots of features ; probably the best burning utility for Macintosh computers available .
 I have upgraded to Toast 8 Titanium from Toast 6 Titanium . I use Toast mostly for making multiple DVD copies and it has always worked very well in that respect . I have also used it for burning data CDs and DVDs , and it works well for those projects . I have no major complaints and feel that it is a useful part of my DVD burning capability.Barb .
 I used to own Toast Titanium 6 , and Toast 8 is a big upgrade . For users like me , who burn a lot of videos to DVD , Toast 8 is a must-have . Disc spanning , which allows for the burning of data across multiple discs , certainly helps in backing up large files , and I use it often . And the `` Fit to Disc '' compression for burning a large VIDEO_TS to one 4.7 GB DVD is also much-used feature for me , since I work with a lot of video.I also encode a lot of MPEG-2 files at work , and burning them to DVD is a snap , and the final product looks great . Toast 8 also allows for customizable menus , based on 10 templates , and you can replace backgrounds and change button colors to your liking . I 'd have liked less tacky template options and the ability to choose my own fonts , as well as the ability to add my own chapter markers , as opposed to the automatic markers Toast adds every 10 minutes . But still , for everything else Toast 8 does , these are small things.I 've also tested quite a few video file formats , and Toast 8 can burn most to DVD or VCD . Basically , if QuickTime can handle it , Toast can burn it ; though depending on the format , some take longer to transcode.I ca n't attest to how well the add-on software , like Disc Cover , Motion Pictures , Toast Video Player , and Deja Vu work , as I use other programs to do that . But for what I wanted Toast 8 to do , namely authoring DVDs , it does most of it without any problems . For the cost and ease of use , Toast is the best disc burning solution out there for the Mac .
 I love Toast , and have had it since version 3 . Do n't have TiVO , so ca n't comment on usability , but for everything else it works better than software that comes with Mac . Ca n't wait to try double-density and Blu-Ray , with which this is compatible . Even earlier versions could burn more different kinds of media than the burn software that came with the Mac . A friend of mine just switched from PC to Mac , and this was the first software that I suggested he buy . As another reviewer said , if you have Toast , you do n't need Popcorn . The best !!!
 Toast compresses , encrypts and burns better than all the others . Best of all , it 's finally given my Mac computer access to my Tivo 's hard drive !
 Toast is the premier CD / DVD burner for Mac . I needed it to do some DVD burning which it did with no down time . I just jumped right end . I tried other trial burner software like Disco and found they were not as complete as Toast . When Amazon had it for $ 69 , I could not pass up the opportunity to buy it . All the other burner software ranged from $ 39-79 and were not half the performance value of Toast.I had used Easy CD Creator on PC from Roxio and found it not to be as powerful as the best alternative which is Nero . Plus , I had some bad experiences with Roxio customer service . So , I was a little hesitant to buy Toast . After several friends highly recommended it as the only Mac burner software and the price was right on Amazon , I bought it.So far , I have been very satisfied with Toast and would recommend it to anyone .
 this is a good product i just wish spin doctor was a little more user friendly .
 I have enjoyed the ease of use of this product , once I understood the process .
 Toast 8 makes copying disks and data a breeze with a mac . Being a new user to mac I was appalled by how hard it was to copy a disk and data . With Toast , it makes copying things easy . As it should be . Click and drag and that 's it .
 Toast has always been , and continues to be a invaluable tool for the Mac user.It is now a lot more extensive with video DVD support - it is so much easier than the included DVD burner that Mac OSX comes with.If you can afford it , this is totally worth it !
 I am very excited about the additions to Toast 8 . I am still learning how to use all of them . The connection with TiVo is one of the most exciting new items . I have connected and reviewed Tivo recordings through Toast . I have not had an opportunity to use toast for a DVD yet .
 It does everything I need it to plus a lot more . Very easy to use . Software you need to own.Roxio Toast 8 Titanium
 I 've owned the past 4 versions of Toast , and each has been a marked improvement . I use this to copy dubs for advertising , and it meets & exceeds my needs ! Thanks for a great product-Johnny
 This product is great ! Easy to use , well organized . It is a must-have for all Macs .
 The product works pretty much as advertised and I received it in a fairly timely manner .
 The product is as advertised . It was delivered in accordance with the purchase agreement and in a timely fashion .
 I am very pleased with this genealogy software . It is very easy to learn and use . It has helped greatly in organizing my genealogy material . I highly recommend this software .
 I had had Reunion 8 and needed to upgrade for the latest Mac operating system . This is a wonderful program , with lots of information that can be inserted . However , I have found a rather steep learning curve exists . Every time that I use it , I have to go through a mental review . The more frequently it is used , the easier . However , if you are going to use it only very occasionally , be prepared for some frustrating moments .
 Of course it is for a Mac and it is , in my opinion , a lot better than &#34; Family Tree &#34; which I used prior to purchasing my Mac . It is so much easier and will present more facts a lot quicker not to mention the ability to put pictures with the information so you immediately can see who is being presented .
 This is good value , but slightly overpriced and does not get updated for the customer . I was charged more than the advertised price .
 I 've been a Mac user for 30 years . -LRB- Not a typo . -RRB- When Reunion came out , I bought a copy , and I 've upgraded all the way through the current version , Reunion 9 . The program has grown over the years , and it more than meets my needs as a genealogy addict . Looking forward to Reunion 10 -- I 'll buy it the first day it comes out !
 I 've used ` Reunion ' for the Mac for my genealogy software for about 12 years and love it . This is my second upgrade .
 Reunion is a terrific program ! It 's intuitive and creates all the reports and graphics anyone could want . I wish that Mac products were as cost effective as those for PCs .
 Transfer from Family Tree for windows was easy . The pictures did not all transfer but that is a minor set back . Reunion is easy to use .
 Wanted a Mac based genealogy program and this had good reviews -- have just started using it and it looks good so far .
 Easy to use . Still learning all the things I can do with it but am enjoying it very much .
 GEDCOMs are ok for sending information to other genealogists . Can my Luddite relatives open a GENCOM with PAF ?
 I 've used Reunion since version 6 , I think , and it is the best genealogy software I 've ever used . I 've tried Family Tree Maker on Windows and Reunion blows it away . FTM is just ugly , where Reunion has a nice interface and is easy to use . You can export your family tree to the GEDCOM standard and upload it to Geni.com , or import your old Windows family tree file into Reunion , though you 'll have to import all the media files separately , as GEDCOM does n't seem to support media.I considered other Mac genealogy programs , but decided to stick with Reunion . One of the great things about this software is the fantastic personal support that leister.com gives you . BTW , this is a universal app , in case you 're wondering . A lot of genealogy applications seem to be lagging behind in that respect.All in all , I consider this the best genealogy software available , on mac or Windoze . You ca n't go wrong with Reunion ! < update > It 's 2009 now , and I 've owned this application for quite some time , and I still agree with my review . Get this software ! You wo n't regret it !
 The absolute king of genealogy and `` family tree '' software . The best feature I 've discovered so far is the ability to export your entire family tree as a series of web pages that Reunion will create and customize for you , in both plain HTML and CSS formats . Simply export and upload to your web space , and voila . There are a handful of free options out there , but they are mostly feature-starved and buggy . For a meager 99 dollars , Reunion blows them all out of the water .
 This is as superb as they come . Excellent graphing choices , Family tree generation and lists of all sources . Provides ability to move , edit , change all data entries as the user desires . Great facility in moving relatives within the tree as facts emerge .
 FINALLY , a good genealogy program for Mac users !!!!! I 'd like to see the price come down a bit on this , but as far as the product is concerned , it is everything the amateur -LRB- and maybe professional -RRB- genealogist needs to make record keeping easy and keep everything well-organized . The program is easy to install and easy to use . I highly recommend this for anyone doing genealogy on a Mac .
 I have found Reunion to be a solid electronic family history program . It has been easy to learn to use . I have been impressed with the logical layout and the ease with which sources can be added .
 Caveat
 I have not used family tree software before and this product was easy to figure out and get going . The web site of the publisher is full of useful information and most all problems or questions are addressed there . I was able to publish my family tree to the web with ease and adding new information is simple and headache free .
 I have been using Family Tree Maker on a Windows machine for as long as 15 years . Although I was very used to it and satisfied with it , I find that Reunion beats it hands-down with the additional benefit that I no longer need to use two computers .
 Reunion is nicely designed , with many more options than GEDitCOM , but it costs twice as much and is not twice as good .
 Add me to those who are satisfied with this software . I find it easy to navigate and easy to enter data . With a little time investment you can learn a few shortcuts to enter data even faster . It prints results in many different formats and exports data as mentioned . I like the report of how each person is related to you . I 'm happy I went with Reunion 9 .
 If you are a Mac user and want a stable , rock solid , no frills -LRB- plain interface -RRB- genealogy program ? You have found it . After using every other program under the sun , I have found my last genealogy program .
 I bought Reunion because I needed a way to be able to see and add to my recently deceased grandmother 's substantial PAF file on my Mac . Reunion is a lovely program , and much easier to move around in than PAF -LRB- which I find cumbersome and clunky , although necessary for LDS genealogists -RRB- . I recommend the program for people in my same situation .
 I had been using Personal Ancestral File on my Mac System 9 . When I upgraded to System 10 I found that PAF was not available for my new computer . I am satisfied with Reunion but am just getting started with it and have not learned all the features available . Entry is easy and good search feature .
 I 've been using Reunion for about a decade and have found no other application compares , especially for the Macintosh . The Match and Merge feature is invaluable with my early German branches since they intermarried for many generations . Reunion helps my tree become the bramble bush it is . With a simple mouse click!I have n't even used all the new features but am excited that they 're offered.Reunion is an exceptional genealogy tool !
 Not as user friendly as Roots Magic , but works well on my Mac . Also , for LDS users , you will find it does everything you need . Totally satisfied with this product 's performance on Mac , and I 've had difficulties finding a compatible program .
 This program is easy to use and has great charts to share with others . I highly recommend it .
 Reunion 9 , Genealogy and Family Tree Software for MacintoshI had a very old version of this program and loved it . This version looks great . It was easy to import my old family trees , charts , & reports . The only problem I 've found so far is that the manual is paperless . I prefer to write in a paper manual , use stickies , etc.The company quickly replied to my question and the product shipped in a reasonable amount of time .
 Have used a popular Windows-based program for a number of years . Works OK , but I 'm done trying to keep ahead of the OS crashes and lost data to run this one last program.So , Reunion for the Mac has proven to be a great choice . It is a solid piece of software , well thought out -LRB- means I do n't have to dig into the `` Help '' very often -RRB- , and capable of handling all the weird connections we eventually run across tracing back through our ancestors . Wish I could have started using it long ago .
 Bought this as a present for one of my sons . He 's having a ball . However , he 's been keeping me busy digging around old musty boxes and records to feed his insatiable appetite for facts about his ancestors . It 's turning out to be an enjoyable trip down memory lane .
 Jimmy Dean 's grandpa said it years ago , and it 's true here too . The only serious negative I have found with Reunion 9 is it 's cost , but `` you sometimes get what you pay for . '' It was true with Jimmy Dean 's sausage and it 's true with genealogy software for the Mac . After I got over the pain in my pocket book , it 's been wonderful ever since . Go ahead , you know you want it . Get it.Like many folks , I came from the Darkside and started with Family Origins , switched to Family Tree Maker , did n't like it and went back to FO , then when FO sold the farm to FTM , I changed to PAF . On coming to the Lightside , I started looking for Mac genealogy and tried about everything out there that did n't cost $ 100 . I tried all I could find including Ohana 's new product that lock steps with New Family Search . I tried them and finally bit the credit card and bought Reunion , and I have n't had an unhappy moment since.I have used Reunion an average of eight hours a day for the past month , and the only time I communicated with anyone was to see if I had missed being able make entries in Pedigree format . I had n't , all entry is done in Family view , but there is an Overview feature that provides a pedigree view from where you are in your tree , and you can double-click on a person in Overview and it takes you right to the Family card.As far as having to communicate with anyone regarding how to do anything , including highly technical stuff , I have n't needed to , the Manual is that good.Five stars , folks . Quit wasting your time and buy it . If you are not convinced , download a trial copy and check it out for yourself . I did that , but I purchased it form Amazon because I like the way they do business .
 Been using this software for 8 years or so , just upgraded to 9 . Had to contact customer service/support and they were prompt with reply , friendly , and efficient . Fixed me right up . Transfer of my previous research was seamless . Used other PC based software in the past and this so much nicer .
 I am just starting to use but as promised have found that is easy to use and provides a very easy way to put information about your family tree into very readable and organized way for others to understand . Which is great but it also allows you to edit and see the connections on screen before printing out a hard copy . It allows you to import and export GEDCOM files which is important when working with others on family history . The ability to include photographs is also a plus . If you are looking for a software program for genealogy and are using a Macintosh computer this the program to have in your hands . The best part is the company only produces it for the Macintosh and has kept their focus to one computer platform . If you like the ease of working with a computer that is user friendly like the Macintosh this program pushes all the right buttons . It is very user friendly just like the Macintosh .
 I have been using the Reunion software now for about two weeks and find it very user friendly . It is very easy to move around from place to place , make corrections , and go back and make additions to something already worked on . I would highly recommend it to any Mac user .
 I started by downloading Family Tree Maker for the mac and using it for 15 minutes before downloading the demo version of Reunion 9 and comparing it . I made the mistake of ordering FTM based on some dishonest review site trying to market it as better than Reunion . The first clue is that FTM for Mac does n't have a free demo program so you can test it . Demo programs with a key feature or two disabled , is an honest way of marketing a program . It shows faith in their product . FTM just has dishonest review sites that try and trap you into spending your money . My credit card company is handling that issue and giving me a refund . Running Reunion next to FTM just reinforces the superiority of the program . It costs more for a reason and they give you a demo program to test drive because they know you will purchase it once you run it . Reunion is a Mac-only program not a PC-based program retrofitted for Macs like FTM . I had trouble entering birthday 's in FTM and navigating between entries in a simple way ; not the case with Reunion . I am highly suspicious of the negative reviews and encourage you to do your own comparison . Do n't ever write this program off based on a negative review . Some of these people have alternative motives . The demo is Free and good for up to 50 people entries . Do n't buy into the scammers out there on the net . Question everything and make your own decision ! This is a awesome program . Check it out !
 I 'm just getting started compiling genealogical data from several sources into Reunion and , so far , it seems remarkably intuitive . I have n't yet tried to integrate images , but the advertised capabilities of this software are impressive , and to date the claims have proven true . I have also purchased the Reunion app for my iPhone , though I have n't tried synching them yet .
 MacDrive 7 did exactly what I needed it to do . In 1996 I changed jobs and went from using a Mac Powerbook to a Windows environment . I recently found that I needed to access one of my old Mac files , a MSWord document stored on a Mac formatted Iomega Zip Drive . I have a USB Zip Drive , but my Vista computer wo n't recognize the Mac formatted disk . MacDrive 7 allowed me to read the old Zip drive and transfer all the old Mac files to a folder on my Vista machine 's hard drive . MS Word 2002 opened the old Mac formatted file flawlessly . Problem Solved .
 I purchased Mac Drive so i could carry files between the Macs at work and my at home PC . It could n't be any easier to use . After I installed the program , it treated my Mac formatted portable hard drive as any Windows formatted drive , you can just drag and drop files in our out . You do n't have to go through the program it dose the conversion automatically . You can also use the program to format or repair Mac disks . This is the far better way to go than to format to FAT 32 with all it 's inherit problems .
 I 'm primarily a PC user who has a very occasional need to access Macintosh disks . I 've used MacDrive in the past and , within its limitations , it works well.However , in this day of inexpensive and ubiquitous network access , the need for MacDrive is diminishing.It is a good product within a narrow range of applications , but take a hard look at your setup first . You may not need MacDrive for what you want to accomplish.Jerry
 MacDrive lets you access Mac-formatted -LRB- HFS + -RRB- volumes from within a Windows environment . These include hard drives , USB devices , and optical disks . It even lets you open Mac-format . DMG files on Windows.This is a required piece of software if you 're running Windows from within Apple 's BootCamp on the new Intel Macs . Normally , BootCamp only gives you access to the optical drive and the small BootCamp partition . With MacDrive , you can also read and write directly to your Mac partition , easily sharing files.There are numerous configuration options - how to respond to optical drives , etc. . In my configuration , I had problems reading hybrid -LRB- Mac + ISO -RRB- data DVDs , but this can be disabled.The Amazon price is significantly less than anywhere else , which makes this a great bargain .
 I 'm using MacDrive 7 , and I used MacDrive 6 as well . It does exactly what it promises . It lets you work with Mac-formatted drives on Windows machines , and those drives function just as they would on a Mac . You can even format them in HFS/HFS + if you 'd like . Highly recommended for those in a mixed computing environment .
 Pretty simple said ... the product works.I have used this product since its first inception , v1 . I owned a graphics studio and professional commercial print shop , and I use this product to transfer data back and forth between PC and Mac.Back then there was nothing else ... and now after all these years , it still is seemless
 MCDRIVE 7 immediately solved my drive sharing problem between my new Macbook and my old PC . It was quick to set up and it just works . My external hard drive was a Mac-formatted G-Drive , 500 Gb . Before MacDrive , only the Mac could read it . After loading MacDrive , it 's now the perfect file storage device for both machines and is a great way to move large photo and video collections between machines . Highly recommended .
 I just converted to a Macbook Pro and with the purchase of a OS formatted external drive needed a way for my business PC to ` read ' the drive . This product worked perfectly , effortless and without issues . I was able to ID my drive within minutes . I would HIGHLY recommend this product !!!
 It does what it is supposed to do , connect a PC to a Mac drive . Easy install , discovered the drive , made it available to my PC apps .
 Seamless and smooth installation and operation on Windows XP . Well integrated with the XP user interface so the learning curve was essentially zero . I purchased this package to serve an immediate need to be able to deal with a USB hard drive I had received from a client running a MAC OS . I had the package the next day -LRB- with overnight shipping -RRB- and it installed and worked within minutes of receiving it . I am VERY satisfied with this product .
 I 've had MacDrive 7 for about a month now and I am very pleased with my decision to purchase it . It makes life much easier to be able to move files from the MACs that I work on to my PC at home . I have had no problems and would recommend this product .
 Yea , no if and 's or but 's about it - in that world of VMWear -LRB- as I am -RRB- you NEED this product ... . I was all ready to get rid of VMWear -LRB- and between you and me , I still might - really just buy a Windows laptop and save your self some headaches -RRB- but , with MacDrive 7 things are a thousand -LRB- even a million -RRB- times better ... -LRB- but I still might just get a Windows Laptop -RRB- ...
 i am a mac person that for money reasons had to get a used pc . i am able to access all my previous mac formatted disc with out any problem . . this is a great program .
 Really super software for the HTML ignorant among us . It really is just the most intuitive and easy to use software with a lot of really good features . The two recent sites I 've designed with it are -LSB- ... -RSB- and -LSB- ... -RSB- if you want to take a look.The only darn problem is the support you get or rather do n't get . It literally took me ages to realise that the Flash media buttons supplied with the package whilst working great ono Internet Explorer -LRB- the site is biased to work with Internet Explorer -RRB- just would n't render with Firefox . I asked the website forum for help with this problem , but six months later they still had n't answered me on their site . In the meantime I worked it out for myself with the help of one of those nice techy people who I found on an internet webforum who very happily helped me work it out . Its fine now . if you have the patience to work round such problems as these yourself I reckon you will eventually work it out on your own , but honestly its really scary not being able to have any kind of support from Namo . The telephone at Namo on their helpline is never answered and they do n't even have the good grace to respond to e-mails . This is such a setback when the software they have produced is so very very good
 I have used S J Namo Webeditor software for many years on a Microsoft PC and it is excellent . I recently switched over to a Apple iMAC OSX and can only hope that Namo will produce the same quality software to run on a iMAC without the need to run a Parallels or Boot Camp . Wide open market for Namo as there are no competitors who make a competitive Apple program .
 This is great web publishing software . It makes it easy for novices to get a site up and also allows those with more experience to write code if desired . The Namo has a free trial for 30 days go to there website to try it and then buy it on amazon for a much better price
 I was kinda flipping the coin when i came across this , and I thought i 'd just give it a shot until i return it cuz they give you 30 day money back gaurantee . Turned out this is a little giant that pretty much gives you everything you need . I never heard of Namo , but it looks like they 've been around for quite a while . It 's sometimes a little complicated to figure out here and there , but most of the features are really powerful and user friendly . It 's not perfect and we still need something in the middle of FrontPage and those crappy software out there , but for now I 'll totally settle with Namo . Good stuff .
 I 've been using Namo WebEditor and FreeMotion for years and am totally satisfied with both . WebEditor is an affordable , easy-to-use substitute for Dreamweaver . FreeMotion is an affordable easier-to-use substitute for Flash . And the Namo products totally blow away FrontPage . I have other of their products including the 3D app . See my website and novel trailers -- all made in Namo products . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Although you should be able to find more featured products on the market . This is one of the simplest to use products with all the necessary key features . Most of the professional people may want to use higher-end products but for me it is no-frill and intuitive to use product for my purpose . By the way I am a sort of savvy in Silicon Valley .
 If you 're looking for a nice aquarium for your PC I highly recommend this one . I was so disappointed in Ocean Aquarium 3D that within 2 minutes of installing it I was out shopping for a replacement . Encore 's 3-in-1 Aquarium was just the ticket . It 's a wonderful screen saver & if you buy the 3-in-1 you get 3 versions of what they sell seperately for far less money . Each tank has many different things you can adjust . You get lots of cool fish to choose from & they interact with each other & swim around just like real fish do . The shark tank is also pretty cool . You can have the install put shortcuts on your desktop that let you turn your tank on instantly . Also included is the carosuel . It 's a feature that if you want , you can have the screen saver program choose randomly from any or all of your current savers besides the tanks . All tanks are easily adjusted to your liking by simply right clicking on your shortcuts & hitting `` configure '' . I have no regrets about buying this screen saver , just wish I 'd bought it first & saved a little money .
 I was surprised at how simple it was to install . The three versions give you alot of various things you can do with each one . I want to keep changing from one scene to another . When my wife saw it , she was surprised at how nice it is .
 I have used this for years . I 've been in PC maint and repair for almost 20 years ; going back to the old IBM XTs.Spysweeper and sunbelt software 's Counterspy have held the # 1 and # 2 slots for anti-spyware , in a lot of reviews over the last few years.However , as of today , it seems sort of stupid to sell this individual product in today 's online environment.The only reason I can see is if you have an anti-malware product and want this one as a 2nd opinion.Today 's online user needs 3 things : - anti-virus-anti-malware-firewallIt seems smarter to sell a complete security suite and let someone only install a single component ; if they desire.Why sell single parts and have end users trying to piecemeal products together from different vendors ??? I currently have 3 PCs.Each has a different product for protection.One has kaspersky , the 2nd has sunbelt software 's Vipre anti-virus , anti-spy and the 3rd has webroot 's security suite . -LRB- I can use one pc to scan another , if a pest slips past one particular vendor 's product -RRB- . In the past 2 months , I 've seen Sunbelt 's product `` Vipre '' -LSB- replaced their previous Counterspy product -RSB- do a better job than webroot.One time webroot ID 'd some of my autocad files as `` malware '' and since my settings were to auto-delete malware ; it removed them . -LRB- I since changed my settings to quarantine for 2 days , then delete -RRB- . A second event occurred when a bunch of files -LRB- appears to have been false positives -RRB- got quarantined . I had to recover them.I think webroot is slipping in performance .
 Its a lot like Warcraft but the plot is much simpler . Not very many levels , no cheats , but its a fun few hours for the low price its listed at . I think I spent $ 5 altogether including shipping , its totally worth that . I would n't spend a lot on it , but if you 're both and RTS fan and a LOTR fan like me , its worth buying .
 I just love the pictures and updated sound quality from Bluray movies that were transfered from either VHS or older DVD 's and so will YOU !!!!
 This is a good movie . Tons of action . Classic in every way . Of course the story is cheese and this should only be picked up if you enjoy brain dead action flicks .
 I have hardly played the games of Mortal Kombat , but now that I have seen the movie , I 'm now interested in the games.Despite not playing the games , I do know that Mortal Kombat is a very bloody and violent game . However , at the time in which this movie was made , most people playing video games at the time were kids . So the company had to add in a code that when entered one can turn on the blood and gore . Also , because of this , if the movie was rated R , it 's target audience would n't be able to see it in theaters . This is why we only received a PG-13 Mortal Kombat movie.The Mortal Kombat movie was directed by Paul Anderson , who you might know from the Resident Evil movies . So if you 're a fan of those movies , you should give this one a watch as well . That was my reason for buying it.I had already viewed the Nostalgia Critic 's review of this movie before purchasing this movie , and I think he gave it an unfair review . What he does n't realize is that with Paul Anderson movies , they 're all made for good entertainment , not to tell a well thought-out story.All in all this was a very likeable movie . Just not a great movie .
 This movie is nothing short of great . Most movies based off of a video game turn out bad , right ? Well , not here , not this one . This one is actually pretty great ! It stays close to the game -LRB- kinda seems like it has stuff from the second game too ? -RRB- , which is good . The action and fight scenes are awesome , the music is some of the best I 've heard in a movie , and they got the perfect actors/actresses for the roles . Some of the effects seem not so great , but that really does n't take away any of the enjoyment or fun of this movie . The only thing I would change is the ending , it ends on kind of a cliffhanger for a sequel , but I wish they 'd have just ended it so there did n't have to be a sequel -LRB- oh , the sequel sucked , by the way ... -RRB- . - Trent Foreman , Author of Nightmare
 Now whether you agree with me or not on Mortal Kombat , you have to admit , it 's 1,000 x better than the other films in this category -LRB- Street Fighter , Dragonball
 I see a lot of negative comments about the second part of this movie , an I just want to say I disagree . As a fan of the video game franchise , I think the movie did the game justice . I have been watching these movies a long time , they are timeless classics to me . To anyone looking for a good action movie , give these a try , you wont be dissapointed .
 I remember watching this movie when I was little , so I had to get it on Blu Ray . It looks and sounds great . Fantastic adaption . If you are looking for a movie that is exactly 100 % like the games then do n't buy any adaption movie bc that is what they are , `` adaptions '' . They are never meant to be exactly like the games . Yes it is important to still get most details correct and this movie is very precise in doing so.The characters look good , as they need to be realistic . Personalities are dead on . A few cheesy dialogue and effects but keep in mind it was a lower budget film and an older one at that . Still they worked wonders with what they did . Adults who are fans of the Mk games will likely enjoy the movie unless they are one of those nitpick `` have to have everything perfect '' types . Children will love the movie as they do n't pick up on any flaws there may be in the special effects or any of the corny lines they say from time to time .5 Stars for a 5 Star adaption.P.S . It beats Street Fighter by a long shot , Destroys Tekken , and obliterates the Dragonball Adaptions .
 Bought this for my son for Christmas , and he LOVES it !!! He said the movie is fantastic and has enjoyed watching it many times !!
 No , I do not think this movie had the best writing or acting but it 's a fun movie . It knows what it is & does n't try to act like anything but what it is . I was pleasantly surprised to see that the film did in fact transfer very nicely into HD . If you played MK as a kid and/or do now , this is a no brainer . Also side note for PS3 gamers , the blu-ray comes with an exclusive Classic Jade download code .
 '' Mortal Kombat '' will never be a karate epic , but it 's a great movie considering it was based on a video game . The special effects are fantastic .
 Mortal Kombat was easily -LRB- and still is -RRB- the BEST video game movie ever made . All the characters are properly represented , they keep some of the special moves , a few fatalities , and even a Friendship finsher . The plot is cheese , but who cares ... the fights take center stage in this film . The 2 best fights in the movie are Johnny Cage vs. Scorpion and Liu Kang vs. Reptile . It ends with a cliffhanger , which unfortunately did lead to the God awful crappy sequel MKA -LRB- please avoid this film at all costs -RRB- . If you 're a fan of the games , you will enjoy it , and if you are n't , it 's still an enjoyable , entertaining film . This movie was leaps and bounds better than the Van Damme Street Fighter movie . In fact , I have yet to see a movie based on a video game that was this good !
 May not have been the best movie made , but I personally liked it!What I liked about it :1 . Every character served a great purpose ! 2 . Most of the actors were great ! 3 . The action was well cordinated ! 4 . The Basic plot was good ! 5 . The set designs were excellent ! 6 . The visual effects were impressive ! 7 . The creatures were scary and looked real ! 8 . It had an excellent soundtrack!What I did n't like about it :1 . The movie had too many slow parts ! 2 . There were times when the characters whispered too much ! 3 . I would like to have known a little more about Scorpion and Sub-Zero ; true if you played the video game or watched the animated movie -LRB- Mortal Kombat : The Journey Begins -RRB- you would know more , but those who did n't do eitherthe director and writers could have given us a little background info onthem , especially since they are two big fan favorites!Overall , this was a cool movie ! I 'm glad it got a sequel too!But it deserved a better sequel though!My grade
 Martial Arts expert Liu Kang -LRB- Robin Shou -RRB- , beautiful agent Sonya Blade -LRB- Bridgette Wilson -RRB- and movie actor Johnny Cage -LRB- Linden Ashby -RRB- have been chosen by thunder wizard Raidan -LRB- Christopher Lambert -RRB- to a magical remote island . Over there , they must battle against fighters from another dimension called `` The Outworld '' lead by sininster sorcerer Shang Tsung -LRB- Cary-Hiroyki Tagawa -RRB- with fighters such as Kano -LRB- Trevor Goddard -RRB- , Scorpion -LRB- Chris Casamassa -RRB- , Sub-Zero -LRB- Francois Petit -RRB- , gorgeous but deadly Princess Kitana -LRB- Talisa Soto -RRB- and four armed demon prince Goro in order to save the world from armageddon.Highly entertaining and stunning fantasy action adventure flick ! Faithfully adapts the popular video games to the big screen in a glorious way . The acting is not bad but the martial arts and action sequences are mind-blowing especially the special effects , the creature effects are quite good even on Goro himself and the music score such as the memorable theme is very good . It 's a little violent for a PG-13 rated movie which means not worth seeing for the very young , Christopher Lambert was born to play Rayden as he was pitch perfect for the role . I also love the dark production values of the film , as this is a true game adaptation that succeeds where `` Super Mario Brothers '' and `` Street Fighter '' failed.This DVD contains good picture and sound with both standard and widescreen versions with only a couple of extras like Trailer and list of Kombatants.Also recommended
 Whether you are a big fan of mortal kombat or not , you have to give this film credit for being well produced . Nearly everything about it was good such as the acting , fight sequences , and overall story . Each actor resembled their character almost perfectly not to mention that some of the actors did their own stunts . All in all , this film is a good blend of not just the first mortal kobmat game but the second as well . Here you have the more youthful Shang Tsung , Reptile , Kitana , brief appearance of Jax , brief appearance of Shao Kahn , the portal to Outworld , along with some of the arenas from both mortal kombat 1 & 2 including the warrior shrine , courtyard , living forest , monestary , and the armory -LRB- can you tell I 've been a long-time MK fan ? -RRB- , and Sonya Blade being held in Outworld near the end of the movie . The only minor flaw I found with the mortal kombat film is that Sonya did not get to compete as much in the tournament as Liu Kang and Johnny Cage did . Other than that , the movie still rocks along with the soundtrack . Did I mention the excellent soundtrack ? As for the dvd , the bonus features are good but few . I am aware that the european region 2 dvd has a ` making of featurette ' as well as deleted scenes . For what it is worth , the featurette for this movie can also be seen on the mortal kombat animated video .
 Mortal Kombat is probably my favorite fighter out there . It 's been around for more than a decade and just got better and better through the years . The movie may loosely be based on the game , but many characters from the game are present , including Liu Kang , Johnny Cage , Kano , Raiden , Sonya Blade , Sub Zero , Scorpion , Reptile , Goro , Shang Tsung , and Jax . All of them are true to their fighting style in the video game . Liu Kang has his trademark special kicks , Johnny Cage pulls off his nut punch , and , best of all , Scorpion 's got his spear attack . Movies based on games are generally weak and get a lame score in the B.O. , but this was the opposite.Sure , it 's kinda corny , but it 's older than people realize . It came out in 1995 , and the series was pretty young then , as was the use of computer generated technology . Nowadays , the C.G. enhancements would make the movie even more spectacular , but thems the brakes . Anyways , if you are a fan of the franchise -LRB- I have been since age 7 -RRB- , check it out .
 This movie rules . It has almost every aspect of awesomeness in it . Badass fighting , badass ninja 's , badass soundtrack , badass Christopher Lambert . BAD-ASS ! If you did n't like this movie , then ` what the hell ? ' How could you be such an idiot ? Go punch yourself in the groin for being so stupid .
 This is a great action film with brilliant actors to boot . Bridgette Wilson is incredible as Sonya Blade , Robin Shou gives Liu Kang the character he deserves and Christopher Lambert puts on a performance for the ages . Awesome action , great plot and good acting . A MUST SEE .
 I liked Mortal Kombat . I saw the movie when it came out in theaters and was impressed . I own the DVD and am proud to say so.Mortal Kombat tells the story of the Mortal Kombat tournament . The Mortal Kombat tournament is a tournament for all the marbles . If Shang Sun and his allies when they take control of the portals coming to earth . If the good guys Johhny Cage , Sonja Blade , and Lu Kang win they save earth . The humans are helped by the rain god Rayden -LRB- Lambert -RRB- in there effort to win the tournament.The movie has all your favorite characers from the first game . You get to see them all in action . The action scenes are great and are well done . They have real actors that know how to do the martial arts doing it . The character special moves look great , as Mortal Kombat has excellent special effects.It 's a fun movie . There is n't to much redeeming social value out of it , but I like the movie . It 's a great martial art action sci fi flick . Do n't miss out on it .
 If you do n't like this movie then your not a fan of the video game . The movie was the best when it came to the fight scenes . Plus you had all the great fighters . Robin Shou was great as The Chosen One . The guy who played Rayden sure knew how to keep the whole `` God of Thunder '' in perspective . And Goro was pretty good too . There could have been a few more characters though
 As any Mortal Kombat fan should know that this movie rocks.It has great fight scenes , special effects , acting , diolouge and also some swearing.It is too bad that Rayden can not enter the fight because of the writer.Whats up with that.They could of at least let jax have one fight scene.And I thought that Lui-Kang entered the tornement to represnt Kung Lau.But thats ok because the fight scenes are cool and so is the acting.Just to let you know that this is way better than part 2 of this.This movie has an unforgetful ending.Unlike the other .
 This is an awesome DVD if you are a Mortal Kombat fan , if you are n't you wo n't like it so stop reading this review . Everything about this DVD is perfect . You can watch the movie in both fullscreen ad widescreen formats , When you put the disc in your DVD player it goes right to the movie , none of the selecting `` Play Movie '' junk . DONT WORRY !! The menu comes up after the movie is finished . Another thing I liked was that nothing was edited out from the theatrical version , absolutley nothing ! The special features are also really neat with character profiles and the original theatrical trailer ... . THIS IS AN AWESOME MOVIE , SO GO OUT AND BUY IT !!!
 OK ... this is one of the better films I saw that turned a game into a movie . Anyone remember Street Fighter ? No ? I vaguely remember it ... This movie had the action and the soundtrack to back up a somewhat ... weak plot . When you watch this kind of movie , you have to remember that there are only so much that special effects teams can do , and that you have to remove yourself from the reality of `` this world '' :-RRB- This is a great straight-up action flick . If you like this movie , get the * first * CD , it kicks ! And do n't bother with the second movie , unless you 're on a roll , and have a `` Rent one , get one free '' coupon . : -RRB-
 Well , the first time I saw the previews for Mortal Kombat , I was skeptical . But once I got to the theatre and the theme began , I was hooked . This is my favorite movie . I love the Johnny Cage/Sonya Blade relationship .
 After I say I 've seen this movie about 20 times , I know you 're thinking `` what a freak '' But I 'm not . I LOVED this movie . Awesome actors , fights , and music . This movie had it all !
 If a four-armed creature by the name of Goro wins one more tournament called `` Mortal Kombat '' -LRB- making it his 10th straight victory -RRB- , there will be chaos on earth . Three earth warriors are chosen by the God of Thunder , Rayden , to enter the tournament and prevent Goro from winning.The director was supposedly very loyal to the video game . There may be some truth to this , because the costumes and special effects matches those in the game -LRB- they are so cool ! -RRB- . The only thing missing is the blood and decapitations , making it not as violent as the video game.The music chosen for the movie are excellent . Every time a fight would take place , some sort of music would come on ... As for the movie itself , I like the fact that the appearance of the kombatants are the same as in the game , and that their signature moves are used in the movie -LRB- Johnny Cage 's low blow , for example -RRB- . There is only one thing I di n't like ... Why did the film makers make Scorpion and Sub-Zero be on the same side ? These ninjas should be on opposite sides , with Scorpion evil , and Sub-Zero good . These two have some hated blood between them ... They are `` the deadliest of enemies '' , and it would 've been great to see them battle it out.The movie is quite good . The plot is not great , and it is far from realistic , but it is still good . It is the best movie ever to be adapted from a video game .
 This would have to be the best adaptation of a video game into a movie . It 's little wonder that Paul W.S. Anderson has been so successful with other cross over movies such as Resident Evil and AVP
 This is a cool and intense action film . I like almost all the characters . I like Shang Tsung , Rayden , Lui Kang , Kitana , Cage , and Kano . Over all I like Rayden . I always loved him . When the second movie was in theaters , people thought it sucked . Now there making another one ! It 's going to have Kintaro , Goro , Shao Kahn , and Shang Tsung . Goro 's going to be missing -LRB- as you saw in the 1st one -RRB- for a little while then he 'll return . It 'll probably be out by 2005-2006 .
 if u are a kung foo fan like me u should get this movie it is so fun to watch ive probly watched it more then any other movie besides star wars empire . it has every person from the first game in the movie . including my favorite charector reptile . he rules but what i hated was he never used a special attack when he was in his ninja form . but he did use the poison spray in lui kangs eyes once and he was invisible as the lil lizard type form of himself . i cant wait till mortal kombat deception comes out that game is gon na be awesome and you should all buy it because deadly alliance was awesome and it uses the same type of fighting as that game and it includes new modes of fighting ... online play ... a new cool story mode ... and new charectors but the problem is reptile wont be in it . when u beat deadly alliance with reptile it says a roaring beam of light enters his body and twists and transforms him the dragon king has returned ... does this mean he turned into the dragon king of the the dragon king killed him ? because it would explaine how he evolved so many times ... oh yea and if your mad i didnt talk about the movie enough cry me a river .
 This movie is a great adaption of a great series of games . Now adays the effects are cheesey and laughable , especially that of Reptile and Scorpions spear . Scorpions Spear especially , because its like a freaking snake ! Besides those two issues , its a great movie with good acting , and is so much more worth it with the game extra for the new mortal Kombat game makes it even more so .
 I first heard this music years ago and loved it . The pulsating bass/tempo is perfect when I 'm lifting weights or running . It 's got that `` I ca n't help but move to this music '' feel that really keeps you moving . Fun stuff .
 Mortal kombat rocks!Paul Anderson made the best movie in TV history !!!
 The world 's greatest fighters have been invited to a tournament , no `` THE TOURNAMENT . '' Liu Kang -LRB- Robin Shou -RRB- descendant of Kung Lao , wants to avenge the death of his brother . Johnny Cage -LRB- Linden Ashby -RRB- is not a fake . Sonya Blade -LRB- Bridgette Wilson-Sampras -RRB- has a crush on a one-eyed man . All three of these fighters are part of `` Mortal Kombat . '' Shang Tsung -LRB- Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa -RRB- is an immortal , but not as much as Arnold Schwarzenegger or Jean-Claude Van Damme . Save your pity for the weak , this movie is n't for the squeamish . Liu Kang takes no prisoners and steps on lizards . Johnny Sonya Blade crunches and gets drooled on by a disgusting Kano . `` Get over here ! '' Oh yes , remember Lord Rayden -LRB- Christopher Lambert -RRB- who has a bad accent and needs to change out of his pajamas . Finally , Princess Kitana -LRB- Talisa Soto -RRB- does not look like she 's five hundred years-old . Based on the video game , the movie delivers . You can avoid the sequel if you wish . `` This is the part where you fall down '' and laugh at this hilarious review .
 This film is simply one of the most powerful ever made , starring the ultra sexy and talented Bridgette Wilson and Christopher Lambert as Rayden , my favorite male character in the video game series . Yes , I agree Super Mario Bros was a great film but this is the ultimate film for an ultimate game . The acting , the story , the special effects , everything is just perfect . My favorite scene is when Sonya do a battle against Kano , we can see how she is sexy with her nice breast .
 Mortal Kombat is one of my favorite film adaptations of a video game . It catches the feel of the Mortal Kombat game franchise quite well in terms of translating it to the film medium ; lots of action scenes , not a * huge * emphasis on plot , characters people know and love staying true to what little we get from the `` klassic '' games . This is not , by any means , a `` good '' movie , but it 's a fun one . Acting ranges from sub-par -LRB- Goro -RRB- to pretty good -LRB- Christopher Lambert makes a really fun Raiden -RRB- . In the games , Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters , due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation , but this film removes that , preventing him from being annoying . Almost every recognizable character -LRB- Jax is hardly in it , while Kano and Kitana do n't fight much -RRB- exhibits at least one signature move from the games , including Liu Kang 's bicycle kick , Johnny Cage 's ball buster , and Sonya Blade 's leg grab . Most moves are presented more realistically -LRB- Sub-Zero 's freezing move just kills the poor sod he 's fighting -RRB- , but that 's the price of the film transition.If you are a fan of either martial arts movies that do n't take themselves too seriously , or of Mortal Kombat , I would highly recommend this film . If you want something closer to the classic Hong Kong martial arts films like Enter the Dragon , you might want to stay away , but you could surprise yourself.Also , stay away from the sequel ; it 's terrible even by these standards .
 This came in today and Im pleased I finally go tthe best video game adaption movie and this film has passed the test of time . I love it .
 I was fan of the first MK when came out , I remember playing it in my 386 . when the movie was announced , I almost get an orgasm , and when came out -LRB- in VHS , DVD was years from being commercial -RRB- , I see the movie one and another , and another time . in fact , making an interstate trip on bus , I convince the girl that works on the bus attending passengers of put the movie during the travel -LRB- yup , I was carry the tape with me -RRB- . one day , the tape broke up . yup , I see the movie more than 100 times and the tape got overused and broke . I cry a lot that day and I even have the broken tape with me . when the movie came out on DVD , I was ubber happy and I bought it , until I was robbed . they break on my house and take out my DVD player , with the disc inside . of course , I bought it again and even today when his FX are really lame compared with the actual , I still enjoy a lot of this movie.about the movie , well , what can I say that has not be say already ? . decent performance , decent FX , great combat scenes , awesome techno metal music and lots of fun for fans of MK . that 's it , if you are not a MK fan , you will dislike this movie . but if you like even a little MK you will enjoy seeing all you favorite characters coming to life , even as some of them disappoint a little like Shang Tsung and Sonya.some complains that I have and maybe this could be a spoiler , is that Kano almost does nothing and die really quickly , Raiden does n't even fight , Sonya character was under used too and lets not talk about Kitana.but the fights of Liu Kang where great . -LRB- spoiler again -RRB- against Zub Zero was awesome . the walking and back jumping in the wall is nothing new but looking Zub Zero doing it is just so cool . and against Reptile , well , is the best fight of the movie indeed , so full of action , great music , you know , you even get some desires of hit somebody . XDthe end was great too , and when I see it I was stunned looking that will be a second part . but as this time you must know , it was but ... STAY AWAY FROM THAT , unless you are a collectionist of MK stuffs so , buy it but DO N'T WATCH IT , because then you will not get desires but you must punch somebody.I was happy when I bought the DVD and see that has spanish subtitles because as you must know now reading my review , my english stinks -LRB- but not so much as MK2 -RRB- , so , I only buy DVD 's that have spanish subtitles and is like some divinity do n't want me to throw my money , the MK2 movie has not subtitles . and I really ca n't remember what I do with my VHS tape , I really want to believe that I throw it out the window . : P
 On its own , it 's a pretty good fantasy action film , if a little hokey at times . But what makes this film stand out is that it is still one of the best adaptations of a video game to film . It stays -LRB- mostly -RRB- true to the story of the first Mortal Kombat game -- I bet you did n't know they have a story ! -- and is still an enjoyable movie . Probably its biggest departure from the games is the utter absence of blood and gore , and it never feels the worse for it.Word to the wise
 This is n't a bad adaptation of the game , and I actually liked it when it first came out . Granted , I 've not seen it for a long time and I think I would find more to nitpick about it if I were to see it again now , but I remember enjoying this movie . It could have been written better , but really , it 's not a bad movie at all .
 Mortal Kombat is a movie based on the game series . Mortal Kombat is about people who have to fight to defend earth . Mortal Kombat was a pretty good movie overall . Though I believe the movie should have been a lot better . Mortal Kombat is suppose to be about blood and gore , but in the movie there was not much of that which is kind of disappointing . Still Mortal Kombat was almost at the level of A grade movies , so you should check it out .
 If you love kung fu or action flicks pick up Mortal Kombat . This movie rocks ! I was a little disappointed that the film was in PG-13 and not rate R , mainly because the MK franchise was all about the insense blood and gore . But , When I fist saw this movie in theaters it blew me away , the acting was good but the kung fu fightin ' was better . The charaters in the film are all cool , I like Raiden -LRB- or is it Rayden ? -RRB- the best along with Scorpion . The second film New Line produced wasnt as great as the original but still had its moments . Rumors of a third film being produce ! If its true , I ca n't wait until its released!If you have n't seen the oringial Kombat , check it out . Hey everyone likes kung ku fightin . . FINISH HIM !
 Mortal Kombat is a movie adapted from a video game but it is different than the rest . It is the only one ever made that does not SUCK . The film begins with Chan fighting and losing his soul to Shang Tsung . Chan is the brother of Liu Kang , whose sole purpose in the film is to travel to Outworld to find Shang Tsung and exact revenge for his brother 's death . The other characters include Sonya Blade , -LRB- Pete Sampras ' wife -RRB- , whose partner is murdered by Kano . Johnny Cage -LRB- Linden Ashby -RRB- is a famous movie star and is insulted when the press begin to doubt his ability and do not take him seriously as a martial artist . All three warriors travel to outworld to prevent the earth from a take over . It is obvious that nobody in this movie except Robin Shou -LRB- Liu Kang -RRB- knows how to fight in real life . Although Linden Ashby can not fight he sells it very well and actually resembles the real Johnny Cage from the video game . The two best fighting scenes are Liu Kang vs. Sub-Zero and Liu Kang vs. Reptile . This movie is not the greatest , but after seeing the sequel `` Mortal Kombat : Annihilation '' I must say that I appreciate the little bit of originality that this movie has to offer !
 This Movie Is based On The Ever So Popular Video Game Called Mortal Kombat For Super Nintendto In 1992 Was The peek Of Viloent Games In The U.S But If Your Not a Videogame Fan Thats O.K Because this Has Tons Of Action And No Experince Of Gaming Is required To Enjoy This Action Packed Fun Fest .
 This action/martial arts film should also be listed under comedy.It is loaded with tons of sarcastic remarks , many of which Christopher Lambert adds in.The whole movie plot is basically about a handful of people in training to save the world from a psychopathic , power-hungry emperor . The group of people includes the characters of g-man wannabe Sonya Blade , martial arts actor Johnny Cage , and Liu Kang , a former member of the Order Of Light Temple , or something like that.These people are on the skeptical side and these are the reasons why
 Quick recap for those who dunno anything about the plot : Our world is one of many realms , ours being called `` Earthrealm . '' Well , another realm , `` Outworld , '' is ruled by an immortal who wants to take us over . The gods set up a tournament called Mortal Kombat -LRB- held once a generation -RRB- to decide our fate . If Outworld 's warriors win ten victories in a row , they can invade us . They have won 9 . Oh , another sidenote , the victor of Mortal Kombat becomes Immortal , meaning he can not age or become ill , so he can defend his title in the next tournament . -LRB- but the victor can still be killed by another ... -RRB- The best fighters from Earthrealm are
 Although I 'm a big Mortal Kombat fan , I was a bit disappointed with some of the small details ... ie how SubZero and Scorpion were buddies , how -LSB- bad -RSB- Kano fought , and how some scenes looked a bit exhaggerated , almost like dancing . They needed more fatalities and some more fireballs and more signature moves . I was , however , deeply disappointed in Kano . He fought ONCE and did n't even fight ! He basically let Sonya hold him with her thigh grab , drooled on her leg , and let her break his neck . He did n't even fight ! `` Hey Kano , how about prying her legs off ya ? '' And Sonya could n't have beat him in a million years -LRB- not to be sexist -RRB- but I do n't think a woman can break a man 's neck with her legs . Especially Kano , the brutalist one on the game !
 This fast-paced and very fun video-game-turned-movie directed by Paul Anderson is an exciting film filled with neat-o martial arts and some cool special effects . Liu Kang , Johnny Cage , Sonya Blade , and Rayden get into combat with Scorpion , Sub Zero , Kano , Goro , and worst of all , Shang Tsung in a tournament that will determine the fate of humanity . Unlike the weak `` Street Fighter '' movie , this film brings all of the favorite characters from the video game to life with almost flawless accuracy , and with exciting action to boot ! Instead of excessive cheesy humor , this film wants to be taken seriously , which is possible , if not hard to do . Probably the film 's only flaw is that it 's not too original , but it feels fresh , which is a big plus .
 Considering all of the horrible movies that have been adapted from video games like Street Fighter , Tomb Raider , Double Dragon , and Super Mario Bros. , this was the best one -LRB- at least until Final Fantasy
 I absolutely love this film.The fight scenes in it are Martial Arts packed and blast radical music at you.Robin Shou is incredibly talented and Christopher Lambert plays an excellent , mysterious , amusing character.The scenery is very well created with fight scenes on sets like a beach , a cliff , a temple and dark , cobwebbed lairs.The music is spectacular in this film and gives it a goosbumpy feeling .
 Three humen , Liu Kang , Johny Cage , and Sonya , are fighting in an ancient tournament called '' MORTAL KOMBAT '' . But this ai n't no ordinary tournament . This is a death-tournament , this means , that if one fighter kills the other fighter during the battle , it 's tottaly legal.Now , those three fighters will have to survive through the tournament , so they can stop evil Shang Tsung 's menace.This movie has great action scenes , and an amazing storyline . But what really shocked me about this movie were the special effects . I can hardly believe that this movie was made in 1995 , when I see all those great effects , that even modern films do n't have!The film is based on the video-game series '' MORTAL KOMBAT '' .
 This is the title that introduced me to the Director Paul Anderson -LRB- later would direct Resident Evil , Event Horizon , and MK2 -RRB- and is the first director I actually knew what his work was . Now outside of that the movie itself is an entertaining piece of work that does n't exactly follow the basics of the game , but keeps it 's essence inside.The story is about 3 specific warriors amongst hundreads who are destined to save the world . Those three are JOhnny Cage , Lui Kang , and SOnya . Each has a specific reason for being there and quite frankly neither realizes what is truely at stake . Johnny Cage is there to prove that he is not a fake , SOnya is pursuing Kano , and Lui Kang is out to avenge his brothers death . Casting was well done in this as well . Christopher LAmbert played of Rayden Perfectly -LRB- and quite humorously -RRB- Robin Shou was perfect for the role of Lui Kang , Talisa Soto played Kitana well , adn the actors who played Shang Tsung , Cage , and Kano also did good . My problem is that the casting for Sonya was poor , Bridget Wilson was not a very good pick for the role . She has one fight scene -LRB- against Kano -RRB- and than for the rest of the film is captured and carted around like a screaming airhead . lui Knag fights only five fights , the first is aginst some poor sap , the next is Kitana , then Sub Zero , Reptile , and Shang Tsung . Johnny Cage fights Scorpion and Goro -LRB- two of the three best fights in the movie -RRB- . Overall this is for entertainment purposes only . The emphasise was not 100 % on story but on entertaining fans with kick -LSB- butt -RSB- Asction scenes . A must buy for fans , and a rental for any one else .
 For a film based on a video arcade game , Mortal Kombat launched new precedents when it first premiered in 1995 . For starters it had for a companion a highly successful , highly complementary soundtrack whose music endures even to today ; seven years later.Secondly , it features incredibly artistic set designs and art direction . I am surprised few of the other reviewers neglected to mention this ! The subtly-lighted sets and overall Gothic architecture lend an incredible amount of atmosphere to the fight scenes -- particularly the Liu Kang-Sub-Zero and Liu-Tsung showdowns . Never before in any earlier martial arts movie have such luscious set designs been on offer.Thirdly , where other rivals have miserably FLOPPED -LRB- e.g. Street Fighter -RRB- , Mortal Kombat succeeds admirably in its genre -LRB- movies based on arcade games -RRB- . Even if you were/are not a fan of arcade games , you can still follow MK 's plot easily . And there is not a single dull moment in the film
 I remember being a young one playing the video games , then watching the movie and loving it . This is a lot better than Annihalation . Annihalation was good for dragging on the series , but the movie was very uninteresting . Anywho , the fighting is great in this movie.Cage Sonya Lui Kang vs Thug people - this was a really kewl fight , with a first glimpse of what Lui Kang can fight like . Johnny has some awesome moves in this , so does Sonya . 8/10 . Lui Kang vs unknown black dude with long hair - the first real tournament fight . I liked the mix of fighting with weapons . I dont like it when the fight suddenly turns into `` slow motion '' , it looks so dumb . I guess it was just a way to make the fight seem longer . 6/10Sonya vs Kano - This fight was boring , and short . The fighting was just little punches and kicks . -LSB- ... -RSB- . 4/10Johnny Cage vs Scorpion - THis was an awesome fight . It was so fast paced , every second their would be atleast 3-4 punches kicks being thrown . Scorpion dominates the first half , then Johnny unleashes some rage when Scorpion tries his fatality . Pretty kewl . 9/10Lui Kang vs Subzer0 - This was a pretty good fight too . Too bad it was a little short . Subzero does a lot of crazy flips and -LSB- stuff -RSB- . 7/10Lui Kang vs Kitana - I did n't really understand this part too much . It was n't really a fight , but it was , sort of . A lot of blocking . 6/10Johnny Cage vs Goro - This fight was short . It was kind of funny in the beginning . 6/10 . Lui Kang vs Reptile - This is an awesome fight . Fights where the good guy get 's the crap beaten out of him in the beginning , then amazingly comes back in the end and kicks the crap out of the bad guy , those are some good fights . A very fast paced fight . 10/10Lui Kang vs Shang Tsung - Awesome fight . Lots of fast paced fighting int he beginning . Ends with Lui Kangs signature trick thing , the fireball into the Pit . 7/10 .
 this movie rocks.I , ve been a MK fan for 2 years.Any movie with martial arts with Jackie Chan , i would watch.But mortal kombat rules.From all the kung fu martial arts scenes to the techno music score.This movie will keep you on the edge of your seat.My favorite scene is the final battle.Chris Lambert plays a great Rayden
 this is a cool movie a must see the best scene is where jhonny cage fights scorpian.and the final battle is a must see.action action and more action.the best people are sonya lugang scopian sub zeroreptille . a must see and see the exelent unbad secul mortal kombat 2 annilation .
 The Greatest martial arts movie ever . Based on the popular video game for sega . It is great ! From Scorpion Getting blown up , to Sub Zero Getting an ice cube through him , to goro falling off a cliff , and finally to Shang Tsung falling on the a spike right throgh his chest !
 This movie is sweet . Awesome music , awesome action scenes . Liu kang is the best -LRB- almost as good as jackie Chan -RRB- Johnny cage is so funny . This is a must see movie .
 It is so cool when Cage does a ball breaker to Goro
 Really ! We invited him over and we all had marinated grilled shrimp . I said `` If anyone does n't want their shrimp , give it to me ! '' . I was wrong . He took off his face and revealed his skull which breathes fire . Maybe that 's why I do n't have flesh on my arms anymore . He just scorched it right off ! Anyway , to get into the details in this movie , he fights Johnny Cage -LCB- which is a really good scene -RCB- . In the beginning , Liu Kang has a dream about his brother and Shang Tsung . His worst fear is faced here in Outworld when he gets confrontational with Shang Tsung and his supernatural warriors . Before that , a better scene is where Liu find the hidden MK character Reptile and they fight . Lord Rayden -LCB- who is Christopher Lambert from Highlander -RCB- teaches Liu about stuff that would be helpful to him later in the assistance of Princess Kitana in the Subzero fight . The entire movie is pretty cool . So is MK
 Simply summed up , this is the best movie of all time.Okay , okay , that 's a bit of an overstatement . Here is what is is
 The movie did have good effects , a story , good fight scenes , and an awesome theme song . The problem ? Some effects did look cheesy and some fight scenes seemed to be short and end to fast . Goro was suppose to be an undefeated monster , but Johnny Cage took him down pretty fast . Still I enjoyed watching this movie .
 This is the best movie of a game ! It 's very exciting and has alot of action ! It has all of the characters from the the first Mortal Kombat Game and even has the secret character REPTILE!Very good movie makes sense and has a good plot ! If I were you I 'd go buy it !
 This is perhaps the best movie of a game I have ever seen!It Has explosive fighting scenes and makes sense . When I saw previews of it I thought it would suck , boy was I wrong . I loved the movie it was a hit . The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because of two reasons . 1
 This movie is one of the few good Video Game based movies that are out there . It has all the characters from the game . The battles are very action packed with martial arts . The three ninja warriors Scorpion , Sub-Zero , and Reptile all work for Shang Tsung in this movie . They very much made the Reptile character horribly fake looking , a very tiny CG reptile creature , and having to end up in a statue to get a human form.The three Earth warriors Liu Kang , Johny Cage , and Sonya battle to win the tournament . Rayden plays the part of a guide mainly preparing Liu Kang for the challengs to come . Since so many video game movies usually make up original stories , or very inaccurate adaptions when they do n't , I would say get this movie . Mortal Kombat is the closest you 'll find right now .
 I watched this movie last night and loved it my 2 favorite characters are Jonnhy Cage and Scorpion.Their fight scene is terrific I Hate Christopher Lambert 's character though anyway the movies Great if you see it buy it !!!!
 This movie is one of the better game-to-movie movies . It 's mainly about the first game with some second game characters -LRB- Some are Kitana and Reptile -RRB- in it . The movie goes like this-Three fighters are brought to an island to fight in a tournament . They soon realize that if they lose in the tournament , earthrealm will be taken over and destroyed.Pros : * Good adaption of the game to movie . * Good fights . * Awesome special effects.Cons * Limited appeal to non MK fans . * Sub-Zero is evil , and fights w / Scorpion.If you 're a MK fan , SEE THIS MOVIE ! If you 're not , still SEE THIS MOVIE AND BECOME A FAN !
 Mortal Kombat rules ! For any of you that do n't like this movie could get annihilated . I have the movie , the soundtrack , and the insanity to watch it before a fight . -LRB- JJ -RRB- For years this movie is one of my top 5 and it lives up to its name . Nothing can beat the games they play . No one can beat those outfits :--RRB- A great , great movie . Awesome soundtrack . Killer game . Get it . You wo n't be sorry .
 I 've read some of the reviews and one said that he/she watched it 20 times . No ... u r not a freak . I watched it , like maybe ... 50 times . If u r a fan of those mushy lovey-dovey movies , this is not for u . This is of awesome martial arts . And Robin Shou , who is only my most favourite actor in the entire world , is the most talented martial artist ! I 'm not being prejudice , MK is really a great movie , with amazing fight scenes , my favourite - of course it includes Robin , is the final fight at the end , Shou against Tagawa . It 's a pity the fight 's so short . MK is definitely better than MK2 . I 'll never get bored of this . Yeah , maybe there 's not much story line . Therefore , for real martial arts fans like me , this is totally fantastic ! Lastly , I 'm only disappointed that I could n't rate more stars !!! : > I 'll give it an 11 out of 10
 This action and special effects packed movie is a good one . You 'll enjoy it much more than Annihilation . I really love the special effect for Scorpion 's mouth that comes from his hand its really cool . You 'll enjoy the movie just as much you would enjoy playing the game .
 MORTAL KOMBAT is full of thrills and is a edge of your seat movi
 wow ! , this movie was great !!! I saw anialation first and thought it was terrible , -LRB- except for Raydyn -RRB- but I LOVE the vidieo game so I decided to watch the origanal anyway , the actions great and the actors fit into there roles well , the story was a little odd but who cares , if your a Action \ fantasy fan like me , I dought it will be you . Watch it today !!
 the story line was a little week but the action more than made up for any down fall in the plot
 I loved it . One word descibes this movie . Amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Any one who enjoys action and loves the video game should see this movie . It was 1,000,000 times better than the second . I reccommend you buy this action flick . If you want more info e-mail me ay SubAdam@aol.com
 The music fits in well with the movie especially when characters are fighting ! The martial arts do look realistic !
 This movie had a sudden hit on me , and I do n't understand exactly why . Maybe because of the brilliant plot , or the special effects or whatever ? At the end of the day , you have to admit that Mortal Kombat is one of the best movies you 've ever seen . The plot is nothing short of -LRB- well you know , ritual stuff like in Buffy The Vampire Slayr etc -RRB- It is kind of a ritual or a religion or something . This sacred tournament has been going on for the past nine generations and guess what ? The goon squad from Outworld have won them all ! If Lord Rayden 's team lose this time the whole world is lost ! All in all , I 'd say that this is deservedly one of the best movies ever made .
 I thought that it was a really good movie . A lot better than the second one . Some of the moves were slightly exaggerated , but follow the line of the game .
 if you like a varity of movies like i do , then this is the one for you . its very cool and intense !!
 This movie started the trend of video game movies that were actually good ... sadly a small trend . This movie did the best they could with the material they got . Unlike its horrible sequel . They used the characters good , not too many or with horrible acting.Now the reason I didnt give this a perfect score is simple . Its not perfect , they did some major changes to the storyline especially to that of Scorpion and Sub-Zero hatred towards each other . Its only mentioned once by Shang Tsung as them being bitter rivals.Another good aspect was how they did Goro . I still dont know how they did it.Buy this moviePros : - Did the best they could-GoroCons : - Change of pace of storyline
 This movie is great , but I have to say that christopher lambert and the person that dubbed him sucked . I am going to put a list of characters from both movies , and next to the name , I 'm going to put which movie had the best character , the 1st movie , or the 2nd movie -LRB- annihilation -RRB- . Liu Kang - same guy , but he is great in his part.Kitana - same girl , shes pretty goodSonya - tie , brigette wilson -LRB- first movie -RRB- was better at martial arts , and sandra hess -LRB- annihilation -RRB- is better at acting.Jax - first movie , even though he 's only at the beginning . Believe it or not , I 'm pretty sure that he 's on screen for less than 60 seconds.Johnny Cage - he 's pretty much the only choice because in annihilation johnny gets his neck twisted at the very beginning . He does ` nt even say anything . But Sonya said , Johnny !! And she menchins Johnny throughout the movie because they were a couple.Raiden - annihilation , because he sounds like raiden and he does ` nt look like a freak.If you do n't have annihilation yet , than get the mortal kombat 2 pack of this movie and annhilation for only $ 26.99 .
 This movie is the best game-based movie that has EVER been created . The main reason is because this game has an amazing and in depth story !! This movie also a kick `` butt '' soundtrack , humour and amazing action scenes . The DVD allows you to explore each character and has a feature where you can see all those kick `` butt '' fight scenes !! I give this movie 10 stars !! I hope that `` Mortal Kombat 3
 I remember it like it was yesterday ... I was only 6 , and I was Mortal Kombat obsessed . I watched the TV show , bought the toys , played the games ... and watched this movie more times than I could count . I LOVED IT ! And I even loved the sequel , even if it does now seem a little ... stupid ... but still enjoyable . Anyway , I bought this DVD for the reason of rememberance , and I am still impressed . Suprisingly , the graphics do n't look cheap or fake or anything even now , with the exception of Reptile in his reptilian state . Even if the movie does n't have as much imact on me anymore , I still like it.My favorite scene ? Definetly the whole Johnny Cage vs. Scorpion fight . Scorpion 's always been my favorite character . One of the only problems I can see with this is NOT ENOUGH CHARACTERS -LRB- although that is supplied in part 2 -RRB- , and the Reptile graphics . Anyway , I enjoy this , and it 'll always be a classic to me , and I hope they make another movie , but for now , I 'll have to settle for Deadly Alliance .
 What 's up , MK fans ?! This was a great movie . The action scenes are spectacular -- especially the last one . SPLAT ! I wish Scorpion and Sub-Zero could have battled out . Reptile is good . Those f/x with Rayden 's eyes are magnificent ! Linden Ashby is great as Johnny Cage ! `` This is where you fall down . ''
 Excellent action movie ! Although there are few good movies based on video games , Mortal Kombat is one of the best.this movie has fantastic special effects and a great storyline , it 's also true to the videogame background.the movie pays great attention to the details of the video game .
 Motal Kombat is a perfect example of how a movie based on a video game can be a success . Everything in the movie pretty much follows the story of Mortal Kombat and has plenty of action . Christopher Lambert does a great job of playing Rayden ! I recommend veiwing this film on DVD .
 As is often the case , computer games do n't transform into good movies . That 's logical . Then how on Earth did they manage to make this movie?Simply . First , do n't take it too seriously . Second , get new young actors/fighters , pretty girls/fighters and one solid star as the bait for the gullible . Third , do n't spend too much money on special effects . It 'll all look silly anyhow.And finally , direct it like a video for pumping techno/metal soundtrack.Now that I wrote this , it 's even more amazing how did they pull it off . There is virtually no story but series of fights , coreographed , executed and filmed just like a video game.But ... it works.The best bit is the `` cooler-than-reservoir-dogs '' introduction of Johnny Cage , the worst bit is a hairdo of Robin Shou.Don ' t forget ! Actors did n't take it seriously . SFX guys did n't take it seriously . Screenwriter didi n't take it seriously . Director did n't take it seriously.So how can you take it seriously?Favourite line
 The premise of Mortal Kombat was never simple , the game got a lot of attention for its brutal gore , but the original was backed by a complex storyline about a demon sorceror trying to unbalance the Earth 's furies so that his evil emporer could enter the realm of earth and take over . The storyline focused mostly on Lui Kang , the decendant of a shaolin munk who had been a great warrior and was defeated by Shang Tsung in an earlier tournament . Although the movie does change some elements of the story it still remains completely faithful to the spirit and story of teh original game . It follows the plot very closely , albiet less focus on Scorpion and Sub Zero , and for some odd reason they negelected to mention that Sub Zero was a good guy and that he was killed by Scorpion , but that 's okay , it still remains faithful to the game . The dialogue is tounge-in-cheek , and there are some great one liners , and the movie version resembles the plot of Enter the Dragon . All in all this is how a game to movie translation should be done , although it would have been nice to see more of the classic power moves -LRB- fireballs and such -RRB- it still plays out very well . Its a shame that more game movies ca n't be this good .
 I own Mortal Kombat 1 & 2 ! And I think it 's pretty cool for someone who likes Martial Arts ! I also own the Mortal Kombat Soundtracks 1,2 and 3 !
 Because I consider my top three movies this one , Happy Gilmore , and a tie between Tommy Boy or Antz or Dazed and Confused , this thus puts it on my list as the greatest action movie ever ! I 've always liked cheesy , Asian action titles better than the cheap , somewheat mean-spirited American one . Of course , this being an american film -LRB- and game -RRB- with a Asian tint , it has to be the kind of action movies I love . This movie played a huge part in my childhood . Sure , The Matrix blew everything before it away GRAPHICALLY , but this one exceeds that on many levels . For starters , those actors are really fighting . No wires or computer enhanced moves -LRB- well , except for the fireballs and such -RRB- real human flesh , which puts it a step above the bad American movies . Also , this is great because unlike fantasy/action movies , this actually blends the two together , with also the blending of real life with fantasy . Also , it takes its subject matter-not with a grain of salt -LRB- Mario -RRB- or too seriously -LRB- X-Men -RRB- but just serious enough to be accessible to everyone . It also does n't make up ... -LRB- like the second one did -RRB- nor stick way too close to its matter . Anyone saying the plot is thin is n't wrong , nor right-the plot itself is pretty basic , or maybe I worship this too much , but I do feel there is an underlying message . MK is the definition of the mainstream niche movie . Its clearly a winner in the fantasy genre , the action genre , the adaption genre , and the good-movie genre . The fights are awesome -LRB- and like I said , more in your face because they 're real fights -RRB- and the movie keeps a good pace without being boring . On the DVD side of things , the picture quality I was quite disappointed with . Sure it 's better than my grainy old video -LRB- which is seriously worn out -RRB- but I 've seen WAY better on DVD . The sound is right up there though . As special features go , the trailer for me is great-because I remember that one night I stayed up with my bro just to catch it . The profiles are pretty interesting too . One MAJOR void though-why was n't the MAKING OF KOMBAT special not included ? It aired in TNT about the same time the movie came out , thank the heavens I still have it on tape , right after my taped version of Wayne 's World . -LRB- excellent ! -RRB- If MOK was n't included , then why not make up for it with a commentary ? Something ? However , I wo n't bash it too much-the movie is better than any commentary/special , or pretty much any movie in my opinion .
 Mortal Kombat is a movie translated of the hit video game.It 's got a faithful story , great directing , superb special effects , and a great cast which deliver a great acting.Shou plays Liu Kang the hero of the game ehich came back for the sequel.Linden Ashby plays Johnny Cage , he delivers a convincing acting and a great line . `` Let 's dance `` Christopher Lambert plays Rayden brilliantly , potraying him as a wise cracking thunder god.Goro actually looks like a monster , unlike Motaro and Sheeva of MK2.I really liked this movie since I saw it and keep watching it , buy it , or at least rent it if you want to have a good time . .
 This movie futures , `` like the second '' top of the line special effects and a good cast . The plot is exelent , a band of fighters are chossen to compete in a tournoment known as Mortal Kombat to save Earth of Shang Suon and his evel minions . There is great music in it and lots of action , the blood and gore content is a little higher then the sequel , Mortal Kombat Annihilation but it is still at a minimum . Trust me I have watched this movie over and over again and I have not got tired of it yet , Trust me , if you like high action then Mortal Kombat is definatly for you .
 It 's about these three warriors from earth that have to destroy this evil sorcoror named Shang Tsung . The warriors had been choosen by Rayden a thunder god and warriors names are Liu Kang a Shaolin Champion , Johnny Cage a martial arts fighter actor in Hollywood , and Sonya Blade a Special Forces fighter from earth . Then there is Shang Tsung slaves under his powers that have special powers of themselfs like Sub-Zero that freezes things like his oppents and Scopion and his move is a spear that comes out of his hand . Then they have help Kitana the daughter of Queen Sindel that Shang Tsung murders her mother and wants to destory Shang Tsung and help the warriors from earth .
 Great movie , i grew up watching this movie every other week . A must for the children of the 90s ! a must for it in HiDef
 I myself think that the part when Sonya Blade kills Keno is pretty funny . If you watch this movie you will laugh , cry and say '' Cool ! '' .
 very good movie , fun for teens , follows the game theme not a lot of violence . marital arts is very good
 A super movie -- if they did n't make reference to gods , souls , and all that kind of thing . Tshang Tsung could have been able to morph into those he defeated or was able to subject . Favorite battle
 I ordered this movie for my two boys , I watched this movie when I was 10 years old . 18 years ago we LOVED this , and it holds steady since seeing again . VERY GOOD MEMORIES !
 Have watched this movie many times now . I have never gotten tried of it . The music was so different that it just thrilled me . I watched it again today and found that I still enjoy it all . This is a unique and action pack adventure .
 We love watching this movie at home . It never gets old and I ca n't wait to watch it over and over again .
 Some aspects of the film looks dated -LRB- like the CGI special special effects and hairstyles -RRB- . But the plot moves at an appropriate pace and the action scenes are still entertaining . Still the best Mortal Kombat film to date .
 This is in the top 5 movies i love all time . I watch it once a year its like watching it for the first time .
 This movie still rocks . The Reptile effects are kind of dated , but everything else ... hell yes ! Next to Resident Evil -LRB- One , not Two -RRB- , the best video game adaptation ever . No , it ai n't a life affirming oscar worthy masterpiece , but its ' a damn good time , with rockin ' music , excellent fight scenes and gorgeous scenery . It stays pretty close to the game -LRB- minus the extreme gore -RRB- . If you dug Enter The Dragon , you 'll dig this .
 When this movie came out , I was twelve years old and horribly afraid of being caught out as not old enough to see a PG-13 movie without an adult . In spite of that fear however , I saw this movie no less than seven times in the theatre alone . Now at almost 23 years old , I can say that this movie still makes me giddy with enjoyment . I love Liu Kang , Raiden and especially Reptile . Annihilation did n't come close to matching this movie . They could n't keep the actors from the first film , Johnny Cage died in the first five seconds and the actor who had replaced Christopher Lambert as Raiden was terrible . But this movie , this movie captured my imagination over and over again and will likely continue to do so .
 Video game films are either awful or just entertaining ... nothing more . Mortal Kombat is the only film based on a video game that was very good . Kevin Droney , who wrote this film really did job writing it close to the game . Even the characters from the game were done well . The only problem is that some of the dialogue sucks and the fatalities were watered-down . Paul W.S. Anderson showed his talent in directing for the first time in the USA . He is a good director , too bad his directing is n't as strong now as it was before he did Resident Evil . And I 'm glad he did n't write this because he 's one of the worst writers in Holloywood today.Johnny Cage -LCB- Ashby -RCB- was the best character in this movie and he the best fight scene , the battle between him and Scorpion -LCB- Casamassa -RCB- . Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa has played many villians in his career , but Shang Tsung is his best performance . Liu Kang -LCB- Shou -RCB- Sonya Blade -LCB- Wilson -RCB- Kano -LCB- Goddard -RCB- and Rayden -LCB- Lambert -RCB- were all good characters too.Nothing has beat Mortal Kombat as the best film based on a video game because films based on video games are never done right . A lot of them are just films using the game 's title to make money.Hopefully one day , a real director/writer will make one super cool ... and not written by Paul W.S. Anderson or anything by Uwe Suck.But for now , Mortal Kombat will still hold on to that title as the best film based on a video game .
 This is a very cool movie . I like it a lot . Both the acting and the plot were stupendous , and I loved the fight scenes . Also , there were quite a few memorable quotes , many of my favorite characters were in it , and the way it was made , designed , and molded was just terrific . Here 's how I would rank the fighters and the best parts : Characters :1 . Scorpion-My favorite Mortal Kombat character of all time . Had cool powers , a cool outfit , and is the best ninja I 've ever seen.I loved his fighting skills and scary skull face as well . Yow !!! 2 . Sub-Zero-Only Scorpion tops him . I loved his skills and blue and black uniform , and his freeze comes very close to Scorpion 's spear and hellfire . And both ninjas look a lot like each other .3 . Reptile-He is a green ninja who could kick the toughest butt ! I thought he was the most able and agile of all fighters except for the two above . I just wish he used his acid like in the game .4 . Kitana-Beautiful , acrobatic , and trained , she was the female in the movie I liked most . I loved her moves as well as her solid bravery and determination . Could 've used some fans , but so what ? 5 . Sonya-The next best female . She was nearly as beautiful than Kitana , she was as defiant and tough as a girl should be , and she 's a butt kicker . Cool guns , too . I also liked her angry tone .6 . Shang Tsung-A perfect villain . He was both vile and powerful , and he had no heart whatsoever . Also , the way he sucked souls out of bodies and ran the tournament was amazing as hell . He rocks .7 . Liu Kang-The Bruce Lee of Mortal Kombat and protagonist of the movie . I liked this guy A LOT . He was amazingly good in terms of fighting and lasting , had a funny accent , and he 's just so cool .8 . Raiden-The god of thunder and Earth . Though he did n't do much fighting , he still had a heart of gold and I loved the one part where he did fight , using his extraordinary powers of lightning .9 . Kano-This guy did n't get many chances to fight -LRB- in fact he only got one -RRB- but he was still able to do some damage . He was also cool looking and I loved his Australian accent and poor table manners .10 . Johnny Cage-This guy is both funny and a good fighter . I like the way he never lost his cool and was able to help out a lot in terms of defeating villains . He was good at movie acting , too .11 . Jax-He was cool looking , but never got a chance to show his true fighting ability . Hopefully he does in the second MK movie .12 . Goro-This guy stinks . He is the only character that I hate.Okay , here are the reasons I recommend this movie to you . Now-1 . It is well put together and the fighting and action are both intense and suspenseful .2 . It has great heart and courage in it , as well as funny parts .3 . There are many good scenes , like Sonya fighting Kano , Johnny Cage fighting Scorpion , and more heroes fighting more villains .4 . The majority of viewers will think that it has a very sweet and happy ending .5 . And finally , it is possibly the only good Mortal Kombat movie so far -LRB- I 'll see the second one and find out for myself , but MK 2 or Annihilation got very bad reviews , I am very sorry to say -RRB- Anyway , I would tell you the best scenes , but that would be the deed of spoiling the movie for you . Rather , I will let you see it yourself and see if you like it . Hope this was a good enough tale for you to rent or buy the movie .
 This is yet another film based on a video game . Howevr , there is a difference . `` Mortal Kombat '' ends up being better than , say , `` Super Mario Bros. '' or `` Street Fighter '' . The plot follows three martial-arts experts to an island , where they must fight to the death to defend Earth from supernatural creatures . They must face enemies such as Sub-Zero , who can -LRB- for those of you who do n't know already -RRB- freeze his foes and smash them to pieces . Also , there is Goro , a four-armed monster , who has never , ever been defeated . That might change . All of these enemies are the soldiers of Shang Tsung , an evil wizard from another dimension , who captures the souls of a vanquished enemy and enslaves them . Though the acting is mediocre , the script is okay . However , forget the dialogue and pay more attention to some of the mind-boggling action sequences and excellent special effects . I ca n't really explain how this is better than the other films based on video games . Perhaps , the reason is that it 's more like the game than the other ones were . Of course , lots of martial-arts action and special effects never hurt . There are some enjoyable moments for older kids and adults . Mainly from the character Johnny Cage , a vain movie star , who wants to prove that his moves are n't fake . He gets some of the best lines.Mortal Kombat is n't `` Enter The Dragon '' , but there are plenty of moves and action that would have made Bruce Lee proud .
 Mortal Kombat , based on the video game is awsome . MK has an awsome case which includes Christoper Lambert -LRB- Beowulf -RRB- and the characters are awsome.Kano , Lu Kang , Kitana , Raiden , Scorpion , Sub Zero , Johnny Cage , Sonya , and Goro!awsome movie with some pretty awsome fight scenes . i only wish the final battle scene between Lu Kang and Shang Tsung was a bit longer and with a little more action , but other than that , great music and great action.and a great ending scene , but i do n't want to ruin it.real quickly , the plot revolves around Shang Tsung trying to take over the world and inorder to do so , they have to win 10 Mortal Kombat 's in a row , and to day , they had won 9 . so it 's up to Lu Kange , Johnny Cage , and Sonya to save the world.awsome movie and great special effects . Goro looks pretty cool.anyway , great movie with tons of action , excellect plot and great music.so if your ready , test your might with MORTAL KOMBAT !!!
 The cast and crew of Mortal Kombat receives my good graces for their valiant efforts to make this movie a resounding success . The plot stays true to the original story of the video game . The characters are the closest to how video game adaptations to the big screen should be . The fights are spectacular , and the music does extremely well to go with the flow of the movie.The movie opens up with a young man fighting the main antagonist , Shang Tsung , on the sacred grounds of the Temple of Light . The man -LRB- revealed to be Liu Kang 's brother -RRB- loses , dies , and has his soul taken away by the sorcerer . Liu Kang wakes up from this dream and sets off to the Temple of Light . Meanwhile , U. S. Special Forces agent Sonya Blade chases after the famed arch-criminal , Kano , at a concert . Then in Hollywood , discredit martial artist/actor Johnny Cage makes another failed attempt at making it big in Hollywood as the best martial artist in the world . Eventually , these three humans unite on Shang Tsung 's boat with the elder god , Rayden , to learn about their driving goals with one common purpose
 saw it with my father at age 15 . saw it 2 times on vhs . saw it 8 times on tv . saw it 4 times on dvd . glad I bought it on dvd less then a year ago . it 's a hit like the video games and cards and some comics made from this series are . it amazes . gives you laughs here and there . shocks the hell out of you . like when Scorpion has Cage in his hell lair and rips off his face or face mask and you see his ugly , horrifying , shocking , evil skull grimacing . and then Cage kicks some ass by shattering his stomach open with a shield with spikes on it . and then Scorpion burns up and blood oozes out and his head explodes like a watermelon or something like that . the effects , visuals , etc are amazingsee this movie
 The Emperor of Outworld has his sights set on conquering the realm of Earth . But in order to do so , he has to win 10 straight Mortal Kombat tournaments . The Emperor 's sorcerer , Shang Tsung , has led Outworld 's forces to nine straight victories.The only thing standing between Earth and the Emperor 's evil forces are three humans
 As a Mortal Kombat fan I could n't ask for a better movie . Locations , characters , moves are just like the game . And this package comes with a decent plot , too . Only downside is the lack of gore in fatalities but in order to get a PG-13 rating they had to tone the fatalities down , but no complaints , they still look good.I loved it , I own it and I watched it maybe 20 times and still enjoy it .
 I am not going to say this is the greatest movie ever made , but it is definately in the top 5 in the history of motion pictures . Humans fight monsters and sorcerors to save their beloved Earth . What could be more captivating?The acting in this movie is top notch . Sonja Blade is a thesbian of the highest calibur and could easily act in any movie , but that Lord Rayden that she decided to bring all her actressing skills to a boiling point as she mixed drama , action , and romance all into one role . Clearly an Academy Award winning performance.Johny Cage played his part so well , I went to the video store to try and locate an actual Johny Cage movie . His hilarious roll-on-the-florr humor will have tears falling from your eyes as you try to catch your breath , he is so funny . And he went through the entire movie without ever getting a single hair out of place , including his fight with Goro!Reptile , Scorpion , and Zub-Zero were the masked ninjas that brought even more depth to this already exhilerating film . With ice particles , killer spears , and body snatching at their dispose , how can our heros ever hope to win !! This is a must see film for any fan of Mortal Kombat , Kung Fu , or Bruce Lee.Move over Citizen Kane it is time for MOOOORTAL KOMBAT !!! to take the driver 's seat .
 Mortal Kombat is a great adventure movie , that takes time with the character development as it provides humor and `` hell , yeah '' moments.It 's amazing to me the difference a director makes , comparing this movie to the sequel is like comparing water and dirt , they 're just so different.MK1 is an amazing adaptation of the game despite the lack of bloody finishing moves , that made the game famous . Many of the game 's characters are featured , while others are just hinted at , but the effects and signature move re-creations are great.It is sad that the sequel was so cheesy , because this film really set a realistic mood with great costumes and sets that just did n't carry over into the second one.Buy this movie , it 's cheap and an enjoyable watch .
 Great action sequences , full of one liners to break the tension . Makes playing the video game all the more realistic and fun , if you can put faces and personalities to the characters .
 Since I found out about this movie I went after it and got it in VHS . I had the video games MK , MKII , MK3 & UMK , so I had to get this movie.The storyline of the movie is not very faithful to the game storyline . However , the look and feel of the movie is very much as I had imagined . The sound and music are also cool -LRB- that opening theme has the beat ; I would like to hear it in any of the upcoming MK games -RRB- . If you are looking for a movie based in a video game , this is the best I 've ever seen.I would n't recommend the second part -LRB- MK Annihilation -RRB- though , because besides the writers tried to bring the UMK3 to live , the movie does n't follow the videogames storyline at all , it misses the whole point of MK.At the end , you should stick to this movie because it 's awesome -LRB- rent the second part to see what is it about -RRB- .
 In 1992 , Mortal Kombat debuted , and it took no prisoners . Within three years , the original game had spawned to sequels , and Paul W.S. Anderson had produced this live-action martial arts fantasy adventure based on the game.MORTAL KOMBAT is currently the second most succesful movie based on a video game -LRB- the most successful being LARA CROFT
 Ever since I was 13 , I 've been introduced to this brilliant action movie called `` MORTAL KOMBAT '' . I 'm a big fan of the video game . I played it 5 times in my lifetime . To have this video game come alive is indeed one of my dreams come true . I just sit back and watch the movie over and over again to take me back to my memories . Even though I 'm an adult , I feel like a teen again , doing the fighting moves , learning the martial-art skills and practicing them outside in the back yard . Those things -LRB- are what I used to do . -RRB- right now , I 'm kinda rusty . The celebrities who done this movie are alive and well , I think . Robin Shou starred as Liu Kang , Linden Ashby starred as Johnny Cage , Brigett Wilson as Sonya Blade , Trevor Goddard as Kano , Talisa Soto as Princess Katunna and you guys out there know who played Shang Sung . Trevor Goddard died but the rest of them are doing okay . I know my stars when I see them . So , I just want to close out by saying , Thank you Dover Mall and Milford Skating Rink for allowing me to play the Mortal Kombat game , 5 times around . It 's been fun ! Have a nice life . Peace !
 i never really was a fan of the video game but i finally came across this movie remembering the trailer in the the mask : animated videos . i was basically blown away by the martial arts action in here i am a fan of karate and i am even an orange belt so i am always looking for a decent karate show to wacth and this was good , thoght the film lacks of charecter develoment and cheap spiecial effects , i reall enjoyed robin shou he is a great martial artist it 's a shame he did n't star in other good films , the guy that played johhny cage did real good , the sonya charector was very cute!that christopher lambert guy looked and sounded just like my uncle , it 's freaky .
 This movie is exalent a very good depiction of what every thing should have been if you like martial arts or just like the video game you will love this movie
 This movie is far better than the second and even has far more stars in it . The original game plotline left small details to the imagination , however this movie answers them , as rather than the game where it is yourself on your own , this movie features the battle between good -LRB- Kang , Cage , Blade , Rayden -RRB- and evil -LRB- Goro , Kano , Sub , Scorp -RRB- . The fights are all great , and the notable ones include Kang vs Reptile / Kang vs Sub / Cage vs Scorp . Each and every area the fights take place in is detailed to no end and the special effects are mind blowing , such as Scorpions skull , Sub 's frozen death and even the portal . The music is also great , however it is not for everyone . Do not expect great dialog though , because this is a fight movie , not an oscar winning movie .
 I saw this in the theater with the intention of watching some cheesy mind candy . Mind candy I got , but with surprisingly high production values and decent acting . I purchased it when it first came out on DVD , and found that it still surprises me with its quality and humor .
 Let 's face it-just about every movie ever based on a video game has been among the worst of all time . This movie is the sole exception to that trend . Despite what you might have heard from Leonard Maltin , this is n't just a collection of fights . `` Mortal Kombat '' has well defined plot , good charactorisation and is 1856 better than ANYTHING from `` Super Mario Bros. '' . The fight scenes are also very well done and solid . Run through them in slow-motion and you 'll see what I mean.Overall this is a great movie . It 's too bad they had to use the sequel to screw things up . Still , do n't let that stop you from enjoying this .
 This is just so cool , this movie has the ecsact music and story as in the video game.I think that 's preety cool !
 Mortal Kombat was the best possibe adaptation of a video game . Combining action with comedy , it had a great story line and the best villian ever .
 Guess what ? I would have honestly liked the frenchise better were Kombat spelled with a `` C '' . Nevertheless , like all popular-concept-to-film productions , Mortal Kombat carries that special charm for those who have played the game , but will end up in the closets of those who simply do n't like this type of film.There are three things which give substance to the film
 Special effects of this movie is unparalleled . The fight scenes are not exactly realistic -LRB- especially the part where Reptile is flying out the wall after Liu Kang did that special kick move -RRB- , but the fight scenes over all are very good , colorful characterization and a good sound track . I was dissapointed in how weak Kano 's fighting skills were since he was one of the deadliest characters in the game , but aside from that the movie rocked , with the exception that the plot was extremely weak . Too bad the sequel gave Power Rangers a good name .
 This product arrived timely and in `` like new '' condition . Works great . Excellent deal for my money . Luv u , Amazon.com .
 That 's the phrase I came up with when deciding to promote the title . This movie has a lot that 's interesting . From the Mad Guardian Raiden -LRB- pronounced in japanese rye-den -RRB- , but this is not a japanese title so it 's actually pronounced ray-den . Awesome soundtrack . A chosen defender unsure of his capability or purpose . The Rival Clan Warriors . All the major characters of the first game are included with a few characters from follow up games . It 's interesting how you see the games and the movie and match up the events leading to the story of the first and second movies . Every character has their place . Sometimes silly , often serious . This is great entertainment .
 The movie that started a martial arts craze across America with a very good video game as well . Although obviously a remake of Enter the Dragon starring Bruce Lee , Mortal Kombat is more about pleasing teens than adults . Magic duels , psychic fights , and superhuman Karate are what Mortal Kombat is about . If you like this , try Invincible starring Billy Zane which can be found here at Amazon.com -LRB- I bought both here -RRB- . Invincible is like this but more aimed at an older audience . If it gets you pumped -LRB- the opening theme song does ! -RRB- and/or you simply like Karate movies , this is not the best but is far , far , far from the worst . Buy it if it is cheap but not if it costs over $ 10 . Invincible ? Now THAT is worth $ 10 !
 Now of all the great action movies that was created in the 90 's this one was the best action movie ever in the 90 's or probaltly the best of all . because everytime you here the song mortal kombat man you be wanting to in there and fight . Im sorry but no fighting song beats that song . My favorite fight scene was when Johnny Cage fought Scorpion Get over here . Sonja Blade well she was alright but she kicked some but a liked kitana more . Or lets not forget about lord rayden the part were he electocuted Scorpian and Sub-Zero . And last but not least Liu Kang I also liked the liked the fight scene between him and Reptile and when he finaly beat the mesh out of Shang Tsung . And do n't get me wrong but I also liked Street Fighters as well but I like Mortal Kombat much more . My only wish is that they didnt kill off Johnny Cage in part 2 that was what sunk the Franchise down and Jax was Corny please why did they have to have him in this movies ?
 This is one of the most enjoyable movies of all time recommend to everyone no matter what your favourite genre . Directed by the man who brought us resident evil and alien vs predator
 This was a great movie . The first time I saw it I was like 5 , or 7 , or ,8 , or ,15 anyways this is real great but there 's no special features . I was expecting behind the scenes , deleted scenes , commentary by the director and the video creators themselves . I wonder what they really thought of this . I do n't know if this as critically acclaimed , but I 'm pretty sure no Oscar nominee . Toy story was the movie that year . This movie was great but why did they kill Scorpio and subzero . They were cool dude . They were the only characters I really ever played . Well them and Johnny Cage . He was cool in this but he died in part 2 . That 's what I hated of the sequel . But whatever . I do n't know about buying this but if your a big mortal kombat freak buy this !
 I love this movie it is better then the game ! And I like the part where Liu Kang fights Shang Tsung and Liu Kang wins and Shang Tsung falls on the spikes ! I recommend this movie I give it 5 stars ***** but I think that they shoud of made Christopher Lambert look more like Rayden from the game . And I caught the last 6 minutes of the movie on encore movie channel . But what I saw of it is great ! Like I said I recommend this movie ! Well bye bye !
 The great tournament held once a generation . I must have seen thist movie 100 times . It is my favourite movie . Great fight scenes , great story . It also has a good soundtrack . this movie is action -LSB- obveiously -RSB- adventure and also comedy -LSB- espeacially johny cage when he kicked goro off the mountain and said those were 5oo dolar sun glasses a ## h ### . It 's too bad the sequel annihilation was n't as good . If you have never seen this movie watch it . watch the first one first then check out annihilationit starts off were the first ended . But like me and most people you will agree that the first one is better .
 At last ! A game-based movie that does n't stink like Double Dragon , Super Mario Bros. , or Street Fighter did ! This movie has got some awesome fight scenes , I 'd have to say my personal favorite has always been Liu Kang vs. Reptile , but then again Reptile has always been my fav MK character so ... All of the people do a decent job of playing out their individual characters , but if anything I had a problem with Christopher Lambert playing as Raiden . I think they should 've got someone else to do the job because he just did n't cut it . Talisa Soto and Bridgette Wilson , both extremely sexy women did an awesome job of playing as Sonya Blade -LRB- Wilson -RRB- and Kitana -LRB- Soto -RRB- . Here is a list of all the MK characters you find in this movie : Liu KangJohnny CageSonya BladeShang TsungGoroRaidenReptileSub-ZeroScorpionKanoOverall this movie is so much better than it 's sequel , so pick it up today !
 Evil sorcerer Shang Tsung has led a powerful prince to victory against his mortal enemies for nine generations . If he is victorious in the tenth Mortal Kombat tournament , the desolation and evil that have flourished in the Outworld will reign over Earth forever . Now , guided into battle by Rayden , a mighty and powerful god , three human warriors -- Sonya Blade , Johnny Cage and Lui Kang -- must look deep within their souls to discover the power they need to conquer a host of insurmountable events and superhuman foes . The game is one of the best of all time , and the movie had everything right . This movie is awesome .
 Ah Mortal Kombat , the film considered to be the the first good VG-adaptation . While this is not my favorite of Paul W. S. Anderson 's films -LRB- Resident Evil trilogy most definitely -RRB- , he proved himself to be a good director and helped create one of the better martial arts flicks ever made . This film is pure , awesome popcorn entertainment that never gets old to watch.WHAT IT 'S ABOUT
 Received the product in great condition with super-fast shipping ... will definitely consider ordering from this seller in the future ! Thanks !
 Mortal Kombat is awesome in any form . i loved this movie . the characters are sweet espicialy scorpion . this is a must see for all mortal kombat fans .
 This film may look very ridiculous and idiotic to some , but to me it 's good for childhood memories . Back when this film was released , I admired the film for its awesome fight scenes and special effects . It was a bit of mindless entertainment that kept me interested . Now , I go back to this film because it brings back a lot of memories . The soundtrack , for instance , still sounds good even after twelve years -LRB- `` Halcyon + On + On + On '' by Orbital is one of my favorite techno songs of all -RRB- . The fights scenes are still spectacular , even if they are a bit too unrealistic sometimes . Even the humor is still effective
 Gripped by the same wave excitement that hit me when I first heard the theme music playing as the MK logo came up on screen . The film is pure action entertainment , closer to Whasango -LRB- Volcano High -RRB- than Fist of Legend in terms of fight value . One of those movies where you ca n't take it just for the action , nor just for the cheesy story line , nor the nerd-thrilling presentation . Got ta take it as a whole package while you 're chilling with your buddies coz it can do nothing but ROCK YOUR WORLD !
 Hello folks.I persoanlly think this is the best video game movie ever made . not that many video game movies even come close with the exception of final fantasy VII advent children.I saw this movie in theaters back in 1995 , when I was only 9 years old . this was also during the year of Mortal Kombat 3 . the thing that made me happy was that my all time favorite kombatant , Rayden , was played very well by Christopher Lambert . rumor has it that he might return in the upcoming 2010 Mortal Kombat Movie . which would rock if that happends because Christopher Lambert is perfect for the role.Robin Shou as Liu Kang was in deed convincing . although in the next movie it wasnt.it was infact that this movie was inspired by notjust the 1st mortal kombat game , but the second as well . remember near the end when they go to outworld , that was in Mortal Kombat II . same as Sonya being chained up.the one and only problem I have with this movie is that reptile had bugs for blood or something . I didnt really get that part at all . why did reptile have bugs for blood ? can anyone explain it to me?but still , I give it 5 stars . just because it brings back good memoires and still rocks to this very day.Mortal kombat the first movie still stands as the all time greatest video game movie ever made .
 The fast pulsating beats of the techno soundtrack made the martial arts routines jump out at you in this flick . Wilson and Soto provided the much-needed Hollywood babe factor . Whoever played Sonja in the sequel has did n't look as good as Wilson . What striked me the most -LRB- besides Wilson and Soto -RRB- was the plot of the disillusioned martial artist seeking revenge for his murdered brother , realizing he can only win through finding faith . Most of the other plotlines take a backseat but add a refreshing feel to the whole piece . Robin Shou is a martial art genius . What he does in this film that is new in the whole martial art movie genre is that he incorporates fast paced strikes and blocks for the martial art impaired -LRB- Wilson and Tagawa -RRB- and high jump kicks and flurried punches with the first dude that he fights on the island -LRB- you know , that guy with the dope braids -RRB- and Linden Ashby . It 's a shame Ashby did n't do the sequel . He would have made MKII so much better . Tagawa makes an excellent villian . Get the movie and it will double as an alarm clock
 Ah , the joys of video games . After the success of STREET FIGHTER , hollywood had another adaptation of the equally popular MORTAL KOMBAT video game series . The result is a fun martial arts film that is reminiscent of such karate films where the action was based in a tournament , films like ENTER THE DRAGON , BLOODSPORT , BLOODFIST , you know what I mean?Liu Kang -LRB- Martial Arts champ Robin Shou -RRB- , Johnny Cage -LRB- Linden Ashby -RRB- , and Sonya Blade -LRB- Bridget Wilson -RRB- are all contestants in a martial arts tournament known as Mortal Kombat , but they only belatedly discover they 've been recruited by a thunnder god known as Rayden -LRB- Christopher Lambert -RRB- to take part since the winner of this tournament can determine the fate of the earth . Since evil demon sorcerer Shang Tsung -LRB- Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa -RRB- plans to conquer and rule the earth if he or his warriors win , it is imperitive that one of the three win . They 'll be helped by comely Princess Kitana -LRB- Mega-babe Talisa Soto -RRB- , but will they prevail?MORTAL KOMBAT just throws all that at you so you can get past the plot and focus on the action , which is sort of an early combination of the fighting in CROUCHING TIGER , HIDDEN DRAGON , and THE MATRIX . There 's rarely a scene that does n't feature either gravity defying kung fu fighting , or eye-poping special effects , or both . One scene in particular features Liu Kang in a fierce battle with zombie ninja Sub-Zero , and his victory is aided via `` the element which brings life . '' Liu has another fantastic fight later with the infamous Reptile.This movie may lack a moving story to hang to action on , but it does n't matter . It movies like this that give meaning to the term non-stop action . Liu takes part in the tournament primarily to avenge the murder of his brother Chan -LRB- by Shang Tsung . -RRB- Sonya is there to hunt down crime-lord Kano -LRB- Trevor Goddard -RRB- . And Cage is a hollywood martial arts star , and is in the tournament to rid himself of the presses skepticism . As for Kitana , lets just say she looks great for someone whose 5,000 years old.In all , I reccomend the film to martial arts fans everywhere . Forget what the crtics say , make up your own mind , and you ca n't go wrong .
 Great movie . On my hi-fi system with Yamaha reciver and Infinity speakers and tv Panasonic plazma the quality was great . Enjoyed watching it and i do recomend all of you if you like action movie , well fighting movies . As for amazon.com , the quality of the package was better then bought in the store seens im from europe , the best as always . Thank you .
 I could just be partial because I grew up watching this film and loving all things Mortal Kombat , but when this came out in the 90 's it was awesome ! And guess what ? It still is awesome ! I love it . The only thing that could make this better is an unrated cut , or if it were originally rated R . But that 's besides the point.If you never saw this movie before and you watch it now in 2011 ... you probably wo n't like it and will thin it 's cheesy . But If you remember how sweet this movie was when it came out , and you remember scorpion shooting his little grappling hook out of his hand and ripping off his face to reveal a skull that breathes fire ... then this is for you .
 Learning a new language is always difficult . Learning a language that is no longer in common use is even more so . But Parson 's Greek tutor reduces the effort with fun interactive exercises tied to both of the most popular Biblical Greek books . In a matter of hours I was able to pick up my Greek NT and start reading many passages in their original language . Quickly getting into reading and memorizing scripture in the original is an encouragement to read and learn more . A great resource perfect for the layman wishing to learn a little Greek or the seminary student looking for a little extra help on the side .
 I used this CD while I was studying Intensive Greek for seminary . I found this very helpful in getting through . I found the drill format to be very useful . It did present things in a different order than our text book , but that is the sort of thing to be expected . I plan to use it over Christmas break to review before my next Greek class
 Greek Tutor is excellent and well worth using . -LRB- Fwiw my software is labeled QuickVerse , not Parsons , but it should be the same . -RRB- I really appreciate the graduated way it has you learn the material , e.g. , you finish multiple choice quizzes on vocabulary before you move on to quizzes where you have to type the vocabulary word yourself . On the downside , some of the later material is n't covered as in-depth as in a real Greek class.You can read a lot of reviews here telling you the software wo n't work on your machine . But do n't believe them ! Certainly it 's based on a dated software product -LRB- files last modified February 18 , 1998 ! -RRB- . Other reviews here will instruct you how to use compatibility mode to get it working on a 32-bit machine -LRB- worked for my Win-7 netbook -RRB- , but I 'm going to tell you here how to get it working with 64-bit Win-7 . The technique might also work with other flavors of Windows ; who knows?The software package -LRB- language ? -RRB- Greek Tutor runs on is called ToolBook , and was originally -LRB- back in the day -RRB- developed by Asymetrix Corp. . Fortunately it 's still maintained by SumTotal Systems . Follow the first link below or google them to find their Knowledge Base article ID # P2720 . From that page , download the latest TB Runtime Installer -LRB- currently v. 11 -RRB- and run it to install ToolBook.After that 's done , to get the program to work , you need to double-click the . TBK file in each chapter folder -LRB- e.g. , GKTUTOR \ CHAPT_1 \ 1_ALPHAB . TBK -RRB- -- it will now run with the current version of ToolBook . It does n't work perfectly , for example , the links in the main menu file -LRB- in GKTUTOR \ INDEX \ -RRB- wo n't take you to the chapters . That 's why you have to go into each chapter folder and double-click the . TBK file directly.Enjoy learning Greek ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This review is a little late , but here it is . I have used this for over a year . I pretty much learned how to use it by playing around with it . The tutorial was ok for a small portion , but alot was still to be discovered . I had problems at first with some crashes and freezes , but now I never get a crash or freeze . Another words , when you use it correctly it works for you . I combine videos , photos & music with ease . There are lots of options for titles , fonts , colors , fades , transitions & more . I am still learning because there are so many options to toy with . Mostly that is determined by how much time you want to put into each video . Fast and quick or really nice editing with lots of flare?I use standard video -LRB- sony dvr108 -RRB- , photo -LRB- Fujifilm f60 -RRB- and music -LRB- MP3 -RRB- . I am growing into HD , perhaps tomorrow?This is a good and stable product , I love it .
 If you are new to video editing , unless you expect to spend some serious time emersing in the art , Magix product is not for you . New people , or light users are far better off with Pinnacle Systems -LRB- AVID -RRB- Studio , now Studio 12 . I recommend Studio 12 Plus , its few dollars more , but has what everyone but heavy users want . Magix Movie Edit Pro 12 -LRB- and now 14 -RRB- has an awesome array of powerful , advanced editing features , for the lowest price imaginable . Extreme multi-track editing , fade curves , brightning effects , etc. etc. . This packages also has the best `` camera noise '' removal tool availble anywhere -LRB- takes a while , but if you have humm you went gone , this is the package -RRB- . Editing in straight DV is most reliable -LRB- I 've never had an issue -RRB- . MPEG2 editing next best . The packages burning options are functional , but sometimes buggy . If you have multiple packages , you might find you want to render to the final product of MPEG2 or DivX and use another package to burn . Truly , this package has very advanced stuff for dirt cheap . If you want to do some advanced multi clip fades with curves for just the right look , this has it . If you are new to editing , I 'd suggest Pinnacle Systems Studio 12 Plus , or -LRB- Ultimate for a few more $ $ -RRB- or Corel Video Studio X2 -LRB- or X2 Pro for a few more $ $ -RRB- . Personally , I like the Pinnacle interface best , but tastes vary . The Magix product has it all , and it is not a bad interface , but it is just not as intuitive to new editors as the other interfaces are in the products above . Have fun , go make a movie .
 I 've been using this program for about six weeks now , and have to say I 'm mightily impressed . Although quite skeptical at first -LRB- mainly due to the unusually-low price -RRB- , `` Movie Edit Pro 12 '' has won me over in a big way.Here are my observations about this software ; hopefully it will be of use to potential buyers . - The manual that accompanies the software is pretty bare-bones . It touches on several key points , and guides the buyer through a few basic steps . For the most part , you 'll want to use the included video-tutorials to help speed-up the learning-curve . - The video tutorials are quite good indeed -LRB- although for some reason they really low-resolution . My first thought on viewing them was `` oh crap , the quality is poor ... what did I get myself into ? '' -RRB- - I 'm using a PC with Windows XP , Intelduo-core quad with LOTS of extra memory . Uploading videos has been PERFECT , not a single issue there . - I 'm using this program to edit VHS-captured video and manipulate it heavily . So far I have n't run into many problems at all . - I usually run between 2-and-5 lines of visuals simultaneously -LRB- with varying fades/video effects -RRB- and find that the program is sometimes unable to provide a video-preview of my work . I presume I 'm throwing too much at it at once . By scrolling the progress-bar along the top of my project , I 'm able to see how it will look even without using the video-preview pane . - I was able to easily figure-out most of the editing tools at a leisurely pace in a matter of days . The program is pretty foolproof -LRB- the `` undo '' button is a lifesaver , and has n't failed me yet ! -RRB- , fairly intuitive , and responsive . - As has been mentioned in other comments , YOU NEED TO DOWNLOAD THE PATCH from Magix ' site in order to properly burn your projects . - The time it takes to do a mixdown and burn the DVD -LRB- five steps -RRB- varies depending on how effects-heavy the visuals are.For example , last night I did an 11-minute clip with A LOT of video effects -LRB- ie . ` blackbox ' , ` whitebox ' , many multiple fades , and up to five layers of visuals simultaneously blending -RRB- . In all , it took 94 minutes for the program to mixdown and burn those 11-minutes of visuals . - Even though the rendering/mixdown/burning of visuals can take a while to process , the results have been quite amazing , IMO.Overall I 'm quite pleased with this program . While the glitchy video-preview is a bit annoying , I find I 'm still able to work-around it and produce some excellent work . And I have n't even tried out the audio options yet ... !!! Recommended , esp . for the price .
 I have used previous versions of Magix Movie Edit Pro as well as the latest version -LRB- 12 -RRB- and have been very pleased with the extensive capabilities of it , with such features as video image adjustment , time stretching/shrinking , picture-in-picture , resizing , and now high def video -LRB- HDV -RRB- . And it handles the entire process , with extensive editing as well as well designed DVD design and burning . The audio editing capabilities even include noise sample reduction -LRB- got a noisy camcorder ? -- take the noise recorded by the camcorder when there is no external sound and use it as the noise print of the camera , which you can then use to cancel most of the camera noise -RRB- . The audio editing features are quite extensive , which , in a way , is n't surprising since Magix also authors and sells the Samplitude professional audio editing software.Add to this free email support and a price that 's too low to believe and it 's a definite winner.One thing to note is that if you are working with HD source video , you will need a very powerful system for the actual editing in HD , since HD is so demanding -LRB- no matter what editing software you are using -RRB- .
 I have had the program for a month and it 's worth having a windows machine just for this software ;--RRB- I have lot 's of experience with iMovie and this is even better.However , I had a `` Media Verification Error '' on first running the program -LRB- it thought it was a bad CD even though it installed fine -RRB- My email I sent from the support site was NEVER even answered . The viocemail left for someone in `` Customer Service '' was never answered ... after 2 weeks I waited through numerous hold times and transfers to nowhere or disconnects , I got through to Patrick in support who had the crappiest attitude of any tech support geek I have ever worked with . Get a new job Pat if it 's Soooo bad over there ... He said Yea , it 's a problem with the DVD encryption and they have an unlock tool for it -LRB- gee you 'd think they would have that in the FAQ on the website -RRB- He sent me a link to the tool and it finally worked and it said I 'd be sent an un-lock code ... waited 5 days and no email ... more hold time to speak with my buddy Patrick and he said , yea I 'll just give it to you over the phone ... . no explanation or cares about why no one ever answers their emails ... Program is great but someone who owns the company from Germany needs to kick a little but down in Florida .
 This is the fourth movie editing package that I have tried -LRB- Premiere Elements , Pinnacle , Videowave -RRB- and I would have to say it is the best by a fair margin , especially with regard to the features offered , that actually work . So far the package has proved robust to import , edit and export . Quality of the video handling software seems impressive . The package is more complex and less intuitive than others , but is more rewarding when you finally work out the way forward . The price is exceptional when you look at the depth of features.Unfortunately the program let itself down for me when it came to burning disks . In this respect the program is so useless , I am not convinced there is actually any code behind those burn buttons . I used several different export file formats and burn modes and without fail , the process failed , in a variety of different ways mind you to keep me amused but not one success . I think the only code under the burn option is a make believe timer/progress bar to make you think it is beavering away writing data to disk , when in fact the process dozes off into hibernation ... anyway , I just used a 3rd party package for burning and I am away ... so am basically happy with the product with this work around .
 This is a surprisingly full-featured editing tool with everything from titles , effects , fades , transitons , sound track and other features . There is even a feature to reduce image jitter . It can seem daunting , at first since there are so many things it can do , but if you take one step at a time and try each feature at your own pace , it will all fall into place . I 've had it for about a month and am putting together an hour-long feature which it will then burn to a DVD , complete with all the usual fetures such as scene selection , etc.It handles 16:9 as well as the old 4:3 . It works with Windows Vista , including the 64 bit versions .
 The software has been a very pleasant surprise , especially after I had to abandon Adobe Premiere Elements 2.0 for too many reasons to mention here.The learning curve was not too steep with Magix Pro 12 . After about 1 day of testing and experimenting , I had most of the program down.PROS
 This was an excellent purchase for home study high school material . Please remember like books their are minor mistakes sometimes that get by the reviewers . We would suggest purchasing the Middle School material and the Elementary School material depending on your students knowledge levels . The student can always review the earlier material .
 What a great product ! It covers tons of pre-algebra topics , and actually solves the problems that you enter with explanations on each step . Very helpful program , my grades have been on the rise since using this program !
 This DVDXCOPY version 4.0.3.8 with the de-crypter is legally for sale by at least 2 large chain electronic/appliance retailers in Canada.The back of the 2004 product box will have a photo of the Nemo DVD movie . The 2003 version will have the Monster Inc. . DVD movie , and I 've been told it also has the de-crypter . Clicking on the `` DVDXCOPY Platinum '' desktop short cut icon opens the DVDXCOPY Platinum panel . There are 6 buttons on the left side of the panel ; `` Simple '' , `` Advanced '' , DVDXRESCUE '' , `` TDF Library '' , `` Settings '' , and `` 321 Online '' . For 1-step less than 1-hour copying , clicking on `` Simple '' will quickly get you to the DVDXCOPY XPRESS panel . You will have to answer `` no '' to the `` Is this a rental DVD ? '' question , and answer `` I accept '' to their agreement in order to get to the XPRESS panel . Once there , simply click on the green coloured `` Start '' button and your entire encrypted movie DVD will be de-crypted , compressed , and copied onto a single DVD . You also have the choice of clicking on the green coloured `` Options '' button where you can specify your preferred `` audio language '' , `` video format '' , `` subtitles '' , `` temp path '' , and `` save as default '' settings.For full manual compression control , clicking on `` Advanced '' will get you to the DVDXCOPY Platinum panel . From there , you can `` select titles '' , `` compression '' , `` preview video '' , `` check for TDF '' , `` save TDF '' , `` splitting '' , and `` write DVD '' . Clicking on `` DVDXRESCUE '' will allow you to analyse , diagnose , and recover data from most DVD 's and CD 's . The software -LRB- version 2.1.2 Build 16 -RRB- will copy the repaired data from the damaged media to a new disc . I was able to fully restore a jumpy and scratched encrypted rental movie DVD without any problems . The process took less than 30 minutes.So far , compressing double layered rental , and purchased movie DVD 's onto a single layer DVD in both R -LRB- W -RRB- formats has worked without any problems.The only hassle would be to those without internet access . In order for DVDXCOPY Platinum , and DVDXRESCUE to operate , you must download a registration file from the company 's website either onto a floppy diskette , or directly onto your hard drive . You can not telephone their technical support department to obtain the registration file ; at least not from Canada .
 The software works as advertised . Easy to set up and very effective . I recovered 200 photos from an SD card that had been erased and reformated .
 I have been using Sibelius G7 since early 2003 . Over the years I had tried , and had been disappointed , by various notation programs for the computer . Most were overly complicated , were not user friendly or particularly intuitive -LRB- we guitarists prize the intuitive aspects of a product -RRB- , were limited in their scope and demanded a learning curve which is impractical for a working musician . All were not capable of producing a guitar-TAB score at the professional level . Well , no more ... enter G7.I first learned about G7 from Sibelius -- a great bunch of folks incidentally . I was just starting a new gig with an important internet client who was using Sibelius exclusively for all their music notation . Coincidentally , Sibelius had just launched G7 . I decided to give it a shot and have never been more satisfied.The easy-to-use manual -LRB- that used to be an oxymoron -RRB- is mercifully brief and succinct and gets you up to speed quickly . Then simply playing with the program and accessing the internal Help menu does the rest . Note entry is easily accomplished with the keypad or an interactive fingerboard floating in a corner of the screen . You create notes and chords or TAB effortlessly by simply clicking on the strings . Rhythms are easily entered with a preset value in another tool box also on the screen . It is easy to change rhythms as you go or to edit them later . Complex rhythms -LRB- like 32nd-note quintuplets -RRB- are easy to create with a simple selection and key command
 I 'm a guitarist -LRB- amateur but hopeful ! -RRB- and bought this new program a month ago , having seen rave reviews in a couple of guitar mags.Basically , G7 lets you write , play back and print out guitar tab and notation v. easily . There 's a cool fretboard on the screen which you can use to click notes in and see how to finger stuff . You can also input notation + drum parts , or even scan sheet music in , and download ASCII tab or MIDI files and turn them straight into tab printouts . Plus you can post your songs on the web so other people can print + play them.Seems to do everything I want and quite a bit more too ... plus it 's so easy-peezy to use ! Full marks from me !!
 This software is great.The documentation is excellent and I was up and running really fast . You can input notes from a MIDI keyboard or MIDI Guitar , as well as clicking or typing the notes in -LRB- using a , b , c , d , e , f , g ! -RRB- . You can add lyrics , chord symbols and chord diagrams , and there 's a guitar guide with it to help you learn even more . FABULOUS !!
 I 'm a Sibelius user , and I picked up G7 because of it 's Guitar Guide and Virtual Fret Board -LRB- I 'm not much of a guitarist -RRB- . This program is absolutely AMAZING , and I ca n't believe what it can do for the price ! It is in the same structure/format as Sibelius , and the files are even transferrable , so the singer/songwriter who does n't need a `` powerful '' notation software can easily create lead sheets or charts in G7 , and send them off to someone who can add orchestrations , etc. in Sibelius . -LRB- Although for some , G7 can probably do it all . -RRB- More , it 's just so much fun to work with the fret board -LRB- and SO EASY to use -RRB- , and the guitar guide is a great interactive source for learning everything you need to know about the guitar and writing for the guitar , so that alone is worth the purchase!It 's great ~ !
 Being a teacher and bandleader , and new to computers , I needed an easy program to help me prepare lessons , and more importantly to make my originals readable on the job , usually in low light situations . Some of my tunes have twists and turns , and my handwriting is n't beautiful . My computer-savvy colleagues spoke highly of Sibelius and so I gave G7 a shot . It does the work I need simply , elegantly , and most importantly , I found it easy and fast to figure out . It certainly does a lot for the money , too . I 'm very satisfied .
 I run a Master 's Degree Program in Instructional Technology and am always impressed when a program can teach well . The animated fretboard in G7 , and the ability to seamlessly go between standard notation and guitar tablature are superb . As a guitarist , I 'm stunned by the number of uses I have already found for G7 . It is also incredible for eliminating `` grunt '' work which guitarists , teachers and students have always had to go through . I almost feel guilty for having paid so little for it ... almost . If you play the guitar and do n't have G7 , you are wasting time , effort and money .
 The main problem with most of the really negative reviews is people 's expectations , of being able to simply throw together a music score without having to learn much , are just plain unrealistic . All the notation programs have quite a learning curve on them and this is no different . -LRB- Sibelius is a major supplier to the music industry - it does n't produce rubbish - it ca n't afford to -RRB- . Most of the bad reviews seem to be one-offs - reviewers who 've hardly ever reviewed anything . Who know 's what 's going on.I 've used G7 since it was launched in 2003 and it was a bit difficult to get into , but after a month I could find my way round it fine - and having learnt this one , I find I can get around other products as well.As G7 is now off the market -LRB- although I have upgraded mine to the latest ver 3.3 free from the Sibelius website -RRB- I would recommend you take a look at Notion Progression . Just taken a demo disc for a trial and found it very similar to G7 and simpler in some areas ways -LRB- and half the price -RRB- . Very nice alternative if you 're shopping for a guitar specific notation application.Notion Music Progression - Windows and Macintosh
 Hi Guitarists and Composers , I purchased G7 a week ago . I was looking for music software to write and design a guitar chord book . My students have been asking me to put out a guitar chord book for years . With all the hundreds of music software packages out there , you would think many packages would allow one to make and print out a simple chord chart . But G7 is the only program I could find that would let you create and print out pages with chord diagrams only , or that let you easily mix chord diagrams , notation and TAB on the same page . G7 comes with built in chord libraries or you can create your own . G7 is not a desktop publishing program , but it does enough different kinds of text boxes that one could do any kind of guitar book or guitar lesson handouts with G7 alone . I am using G7 with Windows Vista and it works fine . If you have tried other notation software that assumes you are a keyboard player or is so complicated it would take you years to do a lead sheet . Give G7 a try.Happy Guitars . Happy I purchased G7
 I am holding onto my G4 Mac . Do n't need a G5 to change my whole life and cause me to upgrade thousands of dollars worth of software applications just to conform to the new OS for the G5 . Everything seems to work fine right now , so why would I need to change anything ? Tiger OS System takes care of everything for me and after 25 years of computers , I do n't need to upgrade to something that has to have all the bugs worked out for the next 2 years . I think Apple is more concerned about iPods than making a better Macintosh . I visited an Apple store in Ft. Lauderdale and could not get help with information about the new G5 computer . They just tried to sell me an iPod . The iPod is the last thing I will need on this earth .
 Love this OS ! Recently installed it in my 17 '' G4 and it works great!It took a little longer than expected to install but it was well worth the wait.Just make sure to run Software Updates to get the latest OS X and browser updates instantly installed on your system .
 I purchased a PowerBook last year , so I was forced to start using OSX . Up to that time , I was using OS 9.2 on my G4 tower . Within a month of using OSX on my notebook , I almost completely stopped using my desktop computer because its operating system was so outdated . Finally , I updated to OSX on the tower . Now I have two great computers to work from.OSX rocks !
 Easy to install ... easy to use , and best of all I was able to upgrade my HP printer software -LRB- free download -RRB- making it much more compatible with my Mac !
 Love this operating system upgrade for my iMac . The widgets are very convenient , forexample when composing an E-mail in spanish you can translate or spell check . Alsobluetooth is much improved , but linking with a bluetooth headset is still for some reason -LRB- Apple blames the adapter and the third party blames Apple -RRB- not possible . Creating personal ring tones for free on my iMac was a lot of fun with my bluetooth phone . All in all , this upgrade yields a lot of polish on the best operating system available for the home user , in my opinion .
 I was upgrading Pro Tools -LRB- recording software -RRB- and needed to upgrade my Apple Mac operating system . This was exactly what I needed . After ordering I was waiting for both this software and the Pro Tools upgrade . I was getting anxious since I was ready to begin recording again -LRB- have n't in about a year and a half -RRB- . Anyway , I sent an email to John Kreutzer -LRB- the third party vendor I was ordering from -RRB- . He was exceptionally kind and answered letting me know it had shipped a few days before and that I should get the software the next day . Well , low and behold , it was at home when I got there that night . A day before promised !!! That 's refreshing these days . It installed with no problems and I updated from Apple any patches that have come out since then . It works flawlessly and I am happily recording again and thoroughly enjoying myself.I would highly recommend this to anyone that needs this upgrade . In this case , Pro Tools has not certified it 's product with Leopard yet so this was best for me.My thanks to Amazon and to John for making it happen timely.Doug
 This IS the fix for all the tics . Mac has such a great product line that the family is hard pressed to let go of our original PowerBook G4 . Full capabilities are restored by installing this OS -LRB- video playback , web pages and most importantly iTunes -RRB-
 The disc arrived well-packaged . I hesitated for some weeks before trying the upgrade . Finally I attempted and completed the upgrade successfully , and am very pleased with the results . Thank you .
 Apple Mac OS X Tiger 10.4.6 -LRB- Mac DVD -RRB- -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- After years of being afraid to upgrade my iMac OSX with 10.2.8 software , I was surprised and happy to have the upgrade process proceed so easily.All that I had read and been told by people concerning the upgrade made me fear that any and everything could go wrong ; it did n't . I 've only had the software on for about a week and I have n't really looked into the new things I can do because of the upgrade but I do appreciate , now , that I could upgrade several applications which had stopped working because the 10.2.8 software was too old for it.I 'm still grinning from the results.Thank you Amazon for having the product available ; a happy client !
 Needed this upgrade , tried several places to get it including Apple but found it here.Was everything advertised , came promptly and I am completely satisfied .
 My Dual 1.25 G4 -LRB- Windtunnel -RRB- Tower w Tiger still is alot faster than my recently purchased -LRB- sorry Apple -RRB- HP DV2000 laptop w duo core .
 Tiger is a great operating system . The last poster 's problem was ordering the wrong item , not a problem with the operating system .
 I upgraded my mini to Tiger and have n't finished learning the new features . The dashboard is nice , and more useful than I expected.I 'm a little disappointed that the upgrade seems to have broken my file sharing with the Windows systems in our home . That is , I can not connect to shares that are on the Windows systems . These shares did work before the upgrade . I 'll fix this when I get a chance ; I do n't need to share files that often with the Windows systems anyway.I was happy with 10.3 , and I 'm happy with 10.4 . I expect this stuff to work and it does !
 This is a product that I actually N-E-E-D-E-D in order to keep up with the technology required to operate my new Epson Scanner & Printer . Over and above that there are too many features to address specifically that make my Mac work faster .
 While one could argue that there are better this or better that in other computer operating systems , Mac OS X is the very best overall OS and has the best user interface of any.However , the description for this product should note that it is only for the PowerPC variant of the Macintosh . This package will not work with Inter-based Macs .
 I have been working with computers for 33 years . I have programmed OSs in assembler so I think I can say a few words about the operating system of a computer with a modicum of authority . While Mac OS X `` Tiger '' is n't perfect , each time I have to use WinXP I thank God that there is an alternative -- Mac OS X `` Tiger '' ! There are so many aspects of Tiger that are just right vs so many aspects of WinXP that are just WRONG ! It 's scarry to think that Microsoft -- with 15000 + programmers working on a project to essentially copy the Mac OS -- could miss so many points in it 's effort to clone the Mac OS . Imagine how bad it would be if they doubled the size of their staff ?!? WinXP -- and Word 2003 for that matter -- are the true weapons of mass destruction . Just get a Mac ! And thank you Amazon for allowing me to say all of this !
 Unfortunately , while Apple continues to try to find ways to make this OS unique , it has been breaking some things that worked . The printing function has been especially poorly supported during the 10.4.x sequence . Problems that never surfaced in Panther in print functions are now frequent . Most other functions seem to work OK . Since I am not surfing 90 % of the time like a lot of other folks , but crunching numbers , I do see a lot of the solidity of the OS . I just wish they 'd stop breaking things that worked before . Networking is solid and adding new HW is a snap . The frills associated with internet and related communications are non-integral for me .
 I also have not had time to discover all the new things on Tiger . I upgraded from Panther on a souped up G3 imac special edition DV . Instead of buying a new computer for thousands , it cost me about $ 300 . So far I 'm finding it well worth the price . It 's faster and Tiger is running well . There have been no problems and I 'm reading the book Tiger for Dummies to get a better handle on things . I am a veteran Mac user and while I am familiar with Windows , prefer it immensely .
 Having been an avid windows user -LRB- from 95 to XP -RRB- my fascination for OS X snuck up on me slowly . Having to run a mac only scientific application , we got a powermac in 2001 that came with 10.0 , the very first flavor of OS X. RIght on my first day with OS X , I figured out all the PC equivalents to personalize it to my taste and even set it to share files with PCs in our windows network - just plug and play , no IT help EVER required -LRB- Windows XP Pro wo n't do squat without the IT guy comes and binds it with his magic password ! -RRB- Imagine you going to a completely foreign place and start communicating with the locals BETTER than the locals themselves ... that 's how it was ! That was when I realized the legendary ease of use and the silent power of OS X.I have OS X on three machines now and one is mac mini as a home server -LRB- OS X ships with everything you need - apache , PHP , PERL etc to run professional server at home ! -RRB- OS X never requires a reboot - except when software update wants a reboot . They run for months sans choking up like PCs that are up for a few days . Besides running your own apache server , you could train an electronic slave called Automator to fetch your newspaper and print the pages you want every morning before you wake up ; get organized with industrial quality apps like Mail , iCal and Address Book ; get any of the several thousand Widgets to satisfy your fetishes ... and I am only beginning to understand the power of this OS . The possibilities seem endless . Trust me - you will not miss windows - you will not regret if you switch . I have not touched my Vaio in years.Speicifically to address one reviewer below : No matter what your field is , you might like , enjoy and benefit from OS X. I know people in many of those categories he classified as ` better off with PCs ' that use a Mac as their personal computer -LRB- some of them boot windows in it so as to earn their wage as IT specialists for large windows networks - go figure ! -RRB- Unlike what he claims , IMAP access with Apple Mail is fantastic , easy and delightful . Have n't had a single issue with two and half years of accessing my mail from a MS exchange server . If you have a mission critical application that only runs on windows , even then Parallels can launch Windows XP inside OS X in 10 seconds and you are good to go . I do this for using my MS Streets and Trips . The only deficit in software on mac platform , in my opinion - no good mapping software .
 I 'm a convert from the Redmond tribe , but the conversion has been painless and actually quite enjoyable . Like many , I use Windows machines on the job , but come home to an iMac at the end of the day.Mac OS X Tiger goes about its business with a quiet composure that barely hints at all the magic happening behind the Aqua user interface . The blocky Apple System font has been replaced with eye-pleasing Lucida Grande Sans Serif . Window control buttons use color to convey their meaning
 The upgrade went smoothly and Tiger 10.4.6 appears to be as stable as 10.3.9
 I upgraded OSX 10.3.9 without a hitch ... well I did have to rework a few items -LRB- drivers for my 2496 sound card and a few apps. , etc. . . -RRB- to function however it was n't that bad . After upgrading I can now use my wireless network printer . -LRB- Yuppie ! -RRB- This OS kind of looks the same as 10.3.9 but it has many new features I like and use . I highly recommend it.I mainly use my computer for Music -LRB- Digital Performer 4.6 -RRB- and home video projects -LRB- Finalcut Pro 4.5 HD -RRB- I also use it for surfing the Internet , Design and Word documents among many other things . My Mac is and has been the main item of my home recording studio . -LRB- G4 800 Quicksilver -RRB- I am very happy so far with this upgrade and recommend it to all G4 users waiting.Hope this helps , mvh
 Very easy to install . Watch for print drivers that will need updating . So far system has been running fine .
 Do I really need to review this ? It is by FAR the best OS out there -LRB- until October when the new one comes out ! -RRB- . LIttle to no crashes or problems . Easy for beginners on a computer . Wo n't scare away the timid . Makes setting up your computer a breeze !
 I installed it on my mac in minutes . It even recognized my external keyboard on a USB extender on the first try . Dashboard is fun and the other updates are worth the price .
 First off , I gave it 4 stars because for windows users - 5 star product , but for mac users - 3 starswindows users - if you 're still using windows , you are missing out on no more troubleshooting problems , great user interface and next gen features like spotlight , dashboard and of course the great iLife . Tiger is about two times better than vista ultimate , and combining that with the expensive price , tiger is 8 times better . Even though vista copies many of the features in tiger , they are far from being as productive and easy-to-use as tiger 's -LRB- not to mention tons of bugs and problems -RRB- . SO GET A MAC AS SOON AS POSSIBLE !!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 OS X is solid , stabe , and easy to use . But do n't think it 's not powerful -- with the Unix core you can get as far under the hood as you care to learn about .
 I always dread the updates on my computer , because it 's Murphy 's Law for me . Something always goes wrong . However , I was very pleased with Tiger . I followed the instructions and installed it without a hitch . I 'm thrilled with the new `` goodies '' , too . I like Dashboard that allows me to check up on the weather , time , and other options at the click of a button . I use the dictionary and calculator often , because they are so easy to access . Mac did a nice job on Tiger 10.4.6 .
 Even a generation or two down , it 's functioning great on my older G5.I updated as far as possible for my safari upgrade to still keep Classic running , and all worked like a charm.Love it when products do n't disappoint ! Seems to run a BIT hotter , tho .
 yeah its great . get rid of ur piece of DOO-DOO windows operating system and pick yo self up dis ! aight piece yallz . and remember once yo go mac ya neva go back !
 I upgraded to Tiger after using Panther for years . It 's a great improvement .
 I started with Dimension LE bundled with Cakewalk Home Studio 6 XL , but upgraded to Pro when they ran an upgrade deal . The more I use Dimension , the more I like it ... it 's now the primary synth in my virtual rack . Free upgrade sound packs and a software update are available on the Cakewalk web site , be sure to download . The grand piano is particularly striking , as are all the string patches in the Garritan Pocket Orchestra ; very realistic sounding.The manual is pretty weak in terms of describing how to create new sounds beyond the presets -LRB- there are whole books available on that topic -RRB- , however the synth is capable of quite an array of sounds and includes a large number of built-in effects that can be chained together . The envelope generation editors allow envelopes to be applied to just about every facet of the sound module ; thus using the included analog waveform samples -LRB- saw , square , etc. -RRB- you can actually make some pretty interesting analog synth-style sounds ; check out some of the presets to see how this is done.So right in the box you get a very nice sampler synth , that also can be programmed like an analog synth using raw waveform samples and the effects/oscillators , capable of stacking up to four samples at once each with separate envelopes and useful effects , that is even capable of firing MIDI sequences/loops as well , with MIDI controller/note mapping any of the settings in the patch ... this is pretty much a `` work horse '' synth.As a result I find I reach for Dimension as my first choice when adding a virutal synth . It 's simply a great , versatile , all-round synth with a huge library of presets -LRB- counting the free downloads something like 8 _ Gig _ of samples ! -RRB- and an amazing amount of control to find that perfect sound . The user interface is indeed a bit daunting , so I would probably recommend getting one of the books available on Amazon if you want to dig deeper than the presets -LRB- of which counting the free addons must be around 2000 or so presets -RRB- . It may not be the perfect sampler synth , or the perfect analog-sound synth , or the perfect loop player ... but it does a very decent job of all three of those with a high degree of controllability for the musician , so it 's quite a nice `` 1-stop shop '' once you get to know it .
 I bought this along with Sonar PE and love it . The piano sounds are amazing . You seriously ca n't tell they 're not real when played back . The other sound are cool also , except - guitars . But when are guitars ever good on a synth?Great buy .
 i run this plug in off of sony acid 6 pro , it doesent appear to be a stand alone program so its going to relay on other program . but the program plug in is very nice . there an engine where you can plug in a sound and it maps it to the keyboard controler . with the large library of sounds plus the engine make it unlimited expandability and functionaly . its not overly fancy but it get the dirty work done.its not perfect but for what it cost and what its does , its a plus . the interfece on the on screen plug in are a little bit covoluted but i suppose over time i 'll figure out all the small things .
 Nolo 's WillMaker returns to its roots by changing its name back to the original . WillMaker Plus 2004 is an update to Quicken Lawyer 2003 . You still get a bunch of general-use legal forms -LRB- such as complaint letters , in case , say , you do n't like the software ! -RRB- , but what the program really shines is still in estate planning . Through a Q&A process , you can write your own will . I recommend you make a list of your major assets before starting the will-making session , because that 'll make things a total breeze . The program includes clear instructions to guide you through the process . You can also create other estate planning forms for things like living trusts , power of attorney , etc. . I have always felt the price for the program was a bit high , and still think so , but if you want a comprehensive suite of will-making tools , this is simply the best .
 I must say that the current developments in Florida and my experience with Quicken software is what pushed me to buy this product . And I am very happy with it as it meets my requirements . Here are some of the reasons why : : -1 -RRB- Detailed explanation for each step as you create a document . What each option means ? What is the impact -LRB- from legal point of view -RRB- ? Where are the contradictions ? 2 -RRB- Legal Manual :
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I use Quicken 's Home & Business and it is pretty glitch-free . The reviews on Quicken 's WillMaker Plus 2004 -LRB- which includes all the areas addressed in my old Living Trust , e.g. , two types of Living Trusts , a new Will in concert with the Durable Power of Attorney documents -RRB- were impressive , so I bounced for the software . -LRB- ... -RRB- . I am NOT familiar with doing this sort of thing and legalese can be VERY intimidating but WillMaker Plus 2004 makes it so EASY , and until you indicate that you have printed and signed a document created in this program , you can return and change anything over and over again . If you need to amend any information in the future , the program will set you up to do this . Yeah , you still need forms to transfer you home , for example , from your name to your Living Trust name , to change your financial institution 's beneficiaries to either the Trust name or `` Pay on Death '' recipients , but I found I could order these forms on the telephone and they were mailed to me . I actually did it myself in 3 days . What a feeling of accomplishment!Lastly , if you doubt your ability to create a binding Living Trust with it 's requisite components , you can run it by an attorney -LRB- 1 hour 's charge applies -RRB- just to make you feel better . You 're still financially ahead by a country mile . The least expensive fee for drawing a living trust here in Portland was $ 1150.00
 Great program ! Well worth the money . Compare the cost of the program to the cost of an attorney , and it 's a no brainer . The program walks you , in an interview fashion , through the process by asking the necessary questions , and 15-20 minutes later you have your legal document . Satisfied Customer .
 Beware the company managing the rebate offer , ExpressGroup . I sent all of the information in , they somehow were able to log my information into the computer , but still note it as insufficient - and then never notified me of any issues . After faxing a copy of the documents , and a follow up call , they will be sending the rebate in 8 - 10 weeks . One would expect that a company whose sole job is to handle rebates would do this correctly . My experience is consistent with stories I have heard of companies like this that will conveniently lose information knowing the buying public will not follow up.Beware of ExpressGroup
 I have been using Sonic My DVD sence the first DVD I made , it was V3 .0 back then and it came with my brand new hp PC `` Top line in 2002 for $ 2500 `` I got to say I tried to switch many times because of the small buges it has , but every thime I try a new soft ware , I come running back to Sonic , as bad as the bugs it has , It is the easest one to auther A DVD , the rest were to hard to figer.sence then I moved from 3.0 to 3.5 to 4.0 , they all have small bugs , but not hard to figer , now I will try V6 .0 , we will see.It is very important for they buyer to know , My DVD is Great to Auther DVD `` Make movie DVD 's '' but for making any other format of DVD , it comes with a nother software called `` burn it now '' IT IS A VERY BAD SOFTWARE , so for Data , music or photos , get a nother program .
 It a graet expansion to an already great game but it makes me think that all these expansions are pointless . I mean why couldnt they just put it on the game . but anyway great expansion !!
 you need to let the prople drop into the a couple of ffeet above the pool
 RCT3 Soaked is the first expansion pack to be realeased and it solves some problems that have occured in the orginal RCT3 . There are loads of new features and they all are very fun . Some of the things that are addressed are the tunnels . Like in the first and second edition , you can build tunnels right through walls . Also instead of having to click on a single person to view their opinions . There is a new button to group them all together like in the orginal RCT . This makes it easier to plan what you need to do to fix problems . The new feature gives you a concensus on peoples opinions . Also the mixmaster has been improved greatly . Now you can add water shows and lazer lights to it too . But the real improvement is the preview screen where you still select it , it will show you a preview of what it looks like . This feature is great since in RCT3 orginal . You had to put the fireworks in the schedule and then preview what it was by playing the whole fireworks segment . This makes it a lot easier to put fireworks together.The new features in soaked are very good like you can build a water park altogether or add it with our original park so you can have a water park within a theme park . There are slides , flumes , and a river pool or lazy pools . Also a killer shark and dolphin show are here . It 's like RCT 3 meets Sea World . There is also a neat shuttle hop on hop off transit shuttle . It looks like Universal Studios Backlot tour vehicles . They can be used as shuttles but you can place ride events like erupting volocano and make a ride out of it . It really makes it seem like the Backlot tour at Universal Studios . Many features plus a couple of new carnival type attractions and beach stores like sunscreen store keep this expansion pack fresh until the next expansion pack in Sept/Oct . Of course , there is still room for more rides and attractions not yet released in this expansion pack , they are most likely saving those for the next expansion pack.Great buy of any RCT 3 fan .
 This game is great , but in some ways it lacks detail . Though it serves it purposes , it needs a wee bit of work.Heres the good and bad -LRB- thiis design is partially following after spotlight reviews -RRB- of the gameGood :1 . If you like waterslides , youll never want to play RCT3 without this EVER again . It is very addictive , and adds a lot of features .2 . The types of waterslides have variation.Starting from a tubeslide , to a lazy river , to a master blaster , and so on and so forth .3 Pool complexes have nice construction features . Like spas , wave machines etc.Bad :1 . Although its nice to add a slide to your pool , thats where the slides are ONLY going to go . There is NO slide end runways , or pools JUST for the slide -LRB- you could make one , but people would just jump in who have ` nt even gone on the slide . -RRB- for any of the slides.Excluding the H20 Slide -LRB- AKA Master blaster -RRB- but then youd have to make it in a complete circut .2 . It seems the peeps have never heard of a speed slide -LRB- you know , a tall body slide with one drop -RRB- . You try making one using the body slide creator and all peeps will absolutley hate it . I havent tried the highest it can go , but trust me . Mine was pretty high .3 . The peeps lack just about any sense of danger . they will just swim right when someone exits a slide in the way they get out . Also when creating a body slide they let you go completely vertical . -LRB- like a full 90degrees ! -RRB- Kinda unrealistic.This game is definently a winner , despite its flaws.So , buy it .
 The Soaked expansion adds loads of new features to RCT3 , including the ability to add water parks , waterfalls , lazer and water shows . There 's also many new rides and coasters.Paticuarly cool is watching the peeps play in teh swimming pools : - -RRB- Anyone who does encounter a problem should visit the Atari forums , the developers are known to hang out there and there 's lot of frindly fans to meet .
 My whole family loves this game ! It is much more fun than I thought it would be . We have every Rollercoaster Tycoon game available and they all just keep getting better . I love how realistic the situations are . I would recomend this game to anyone who likes the Tycoon type games .
 This is my daughter 's favorite game . It is educational , progressive , and alot of fun .
 I would say this is a pretty good expansion pak ; it adds new elements to the theme park and some of the additions gives a theme park countless possibilites . This expansion gets a 5 - star fun factor for its creativity and effort . But overall , I will just give it a 4 star because it still has glitches and many has experienced lagging . But when compared to the RCT2 's expanisons -LRB- time twister and wacky worlds -RRB- , this one is a winner by far . Just a reminder , there 's another expanison coming out in October call Wild !
 If you have both soaked ! and wild ! expansion packs , you will be able to have laser light and water jet shows in the lion show/tiger show , and youalso have either a choice to make a coaster in a waterfall , or outside.Also , on the peep creator , you can see there is a new kind of clothing - a swimsuit of course ! you also get to toggle if there is a cuddly waterproof animal , and you get to put in a shark show to add to the tiger/lion shows . did you know that it 'll be fun with wildif you had a enxlosure for a whale , squid , crab , shark , or even fish ??? well , here 's a chance to find out both of the expansion packs together !!!
 There are A Few Changes from rollercoaster tycoon 3 and the wild ! expansion pack.One of them is a waterfall , which is diffrent from wild ! which also may have diffrent terrain surfaces.In Soaked ! you can createwaterfalls with nice smooth edges of the terrain , and take it up from a hill instead of wild , like so.In wild ! you have to create a sharp , griddedterrain , then put a pit on the top , then put another downward 4-7 Grid size1 square away from the original pit , then fill both pits up with water , then do the waterfall thing.so the wild part is really downright with thewaterfalls.next thing New and have changed are the pools.instead of having terrain just downward hill-way like , filled with water , then trying to make a path , then drop peeps down there and letting them drown , insteadyou can make a better pool in the soaked ! expansion.the Aquariums , even though they have crappy amount of fish , it is fun to mix up aquariumswith the animals , -LRB- if -RRB- , you have the Wild ! expansion together with soaked ! . The Canobie Party Thing is Diffrent than the Reptile/Amphibian house , orNocturnal Animal house , or the Insect house.instead of giving a tiny splash only with a splash rapid , you can give a better on with the whitewater ride.It is also fun to mix up a shark \ whale show with a lion \ tiger show from RCT3 Wild.Mix Laser Lights and Water Jets with a lion or tiger show ! . NOW There is TONS Of fun with these expansion packs.if you Thought RCT3 the original pack was n't that fun , Try These New Expansion Packs : Soaked!Wild!Gold!Platinum !
 This game is great , I have had so much fun designing the water themed parks , I can not wait for the WILD expansion to get here.This program is also good for exploring the Physics of rollercoaster designs also . So any budding designer might be able to create rides for Disney , Busch , or Six Flags et al. . .
 I had been wanting to get this for awhile now and I finally got it about 2 months ago , and so far it 's proven worth the wait . The addition of pools , water slides and all the other beachy themed objects is great , but on top of that , they included some other extras that should 've been in the main game . The best example is the addition of tunnels . Just like the previous titles RCT1 and 2 , you can now integrate paths and coasters through tunnels to make them more exciting . You can even make tunnels underwater ! Another example is the ability to make waterfalls which drastically improve the look of your park . Overall I am very satisfied . This is a great addition to an already great game .
 I really liked this edition , now sure the bad things from the original game are still there but this makes it WAY more fun ! You can have water rides and pools and a bunch of new rides and coasters all together . If you are thinking about buying either this expansion or Wild buy this one !
 Pretty decent expansion i expected a little bit better only one new drink and food stall a few new accessories stalls they have made like you can get sunlotion and such ... also find it neat that peeps can now get sunburn so that sunlotion shop was a very good idea ... got a handful of new thrill rides and roller coaster rides which is awesome cause i love thrill rides ... also a new category of course since this is soaked there is a new icon for water rides flume ... rollersoaker ... and many more this expansion nobody should pass up on it is a wonderful game hopefully this october when the next expansion comes out they add more food/drink/accessories stalls ... more of the gentle rides and so forth .
 Really fun . It needs some of these things though : Capped Ring/Raft SlideKiddie AreaSplash Pool -LRB- peeps get into your splash pools , thinking they 're regular pools ! -RRB- GogglesConveyorbeltsMore Ride EventsBut I wanted an octopus ride REALLY , and I am planning on getting WILD soon .
 Great game ! The waterslides and swimming pools have great detail !
 Really fun . It needs some of these things though : Capped Ring/Raft SlideKiddie AreaSplash Pool -LRB- peeps get into your splash pools , thinking they 're regular pools ! -RRB- GogglesConveyorbeltsMore Ride EventsBut I wanted an octopus ride REALLY , and I am planning on getting WILD soon .
 O M G THIS GAME IS SOOO MUCH FUN !!!!!! Wicked water rides cool concession stands and yay the coaster cam is BACK now ride the water rides !!! I like the graphics ther so goodand sweet . and nock peeps of ther feet with water canens and feel the mist on your face !! . If you like makeing water rides beter then roller coasters then get this game NOW !!! . Open the water park of your dreams just like i did . P.S. you MUST get roller coaster tycoon3 first in order for this game to work .
 It 's a great addition to the main exspansion , and it will keep you thinking of all the other variety of ways to design the ultimate water park !!
 This game is easy to use and is enjoyable . Although it is difficult to use at first , but after you go on it more you will find it easy to work .
 I allready have RT3 . . I been addicted to it . . than this water park comes out ... It took me a bit to kinda figure it out even with the directions . To connect the slide to the pool u got ta tweak the slide . . so that means a little construction after u make the pool . Sometimes u got ta make the end tilt up a little bit . As soon as it is conntected and u drag the stairs straight up to connect it you can add extra 's to the pool , like a life guard or diving boards , or even a wave runner . U just have to make sure u put down an extra path . To open the pool u got ta make an entrance and from the entrance u can control the wave runner the cycle of cleaning of the pool , from low , med or high cleaning . It is a lot of fun.I highly recommend this to anyone !
 If You Loved Roller Coaster Tycoon Without The Expansion Wait Till You Get This ... OMG !! So Many Fun Rides !!!
 our daughter who lives away requested this as a Christmas gift . she was ecstatic to receive it . thank you so much !!!
 This game is fun . The pool making feature is fun to play around with and I really want to make a giant water park . The problem is that 's the only thing I like . There are like 7 Missions which is disappointing . And the although the pools are cool , there 's really a limited amount of stuff you can make . Pools ? check . Stairs ? Check . Lounge chairs ? Check . but besides the basic pool items , this thing lacks much content . I mean there 's what , 4 styles of slides ? overall , it 's a good game but nothing great like the original or Wild !
 Soaked while its been out for a little while -LRB- over a year -RRB- , added more content to a very good tycoon sim . I feel it doesnt get the attention it deserves both from people who were dissapointed with it as well as the designers who have abandoned the RCT franchise for Thrillville which I think is a bad move.RCT3 came along way with its previous hits RCT2 and the original RCT . The graphics are delightful , the amount that can be chaged to your liking is good as well . The play factor is good , and the retail version was stable considering many titles out there that just had enormous bugs that hurt the game . Granted the original RCT3 had some minor bugs its a wonderful game . It certaintly started the huge flux of tycoon games -LRB- starting with RCT 1 -RRB- . In short , you are given the opportunity to build water parks as well as pools , water rides , and theme objects associated with Soaked . You are also now allowed to build underground and thru mountains which in the orginal RCT3 you could n't . The Soaked expansion adds more scenarios associated with the Soaked theme . Also within the mixmaster you can create laser light shows . I believe you can also create dolphin and whale shows . Something I missed in the orginal RCT when you can place wild west shows and dolphin shows . I only wish we could of had the option of creating statiums or mini-stadiums . Minor problems which havent been addressed . The people known as peeps while their animations are good and almost lifelike , they are a little cartoonish . I also wish that the time would model real-time or at least slow down . Seeing the park get dark and the lights turn on then 3 minutes later the sun comes out is not realistic . If the time was slowed down to mimic real-time we could have the option of fast-fowarding . Also when rides are created or paths as well It would be nice to have the effect of construction going on -LRB- allowing areas to be shut down -RRB- . The mechanics are too slow in getting to do repairs , and when you have a large park its tough to maintain your rides thru inspections and getting them fixed . i wish we had the option of closing the park down to do all repairs and inspections which is what real parks do . None of this 2 full days and bam your into the next week or next month like certain games . Real-time , 365 days in a year and buisness hours would be great . If Im at my computer at 6pm it would be nice to see my park when I load it at 6pm and the sun not as bright . I oculd have an announcement that the park is closing in a few hours and so fourth . Also if you say , `` well what about in the winter monthes '' , a window can pop up and ask if you want to fast foward to opening season.So much can be done , and there is a great foundation , but it 's a total shame how Frontier and everyone ese involved has turned their backs on this highly addictive and good buisness model . It 's the one tycoon game that got it right . With a little more tweaks and added realism this game can be a huge money-maker and put it along side Civilization 4 . I gave it 4 stars because it 's a great game but just needs a little bit more . The 4 stars has nothing to do with the company throwing the game to the side for Thrillville . I hope they change their minds and continue what is a terrifc game that needs a little TLC and added realism . I love buisness games as well as strategy games . First thing in my mind when I buy a game is the realization factor .
 If you have Windows Vista , beware . I bought both expansions , wild and soaked for RCT3 but after installing , RCT3 disc could not be read even correctly even though it was in my laptop drive . When I go to start the game , it states please insert RCT3 disc even though it is there . RCT3 works well alone but the expansions seem to wipe out the read to start the game with the extras . I did contact Atari customer service to see if there is a patch or something that I need and am still waiting for their response .
 Versa Check is a great product ! Easy to use in a printer or copy machine ! We save a lot of money buying our own check and printing them vs. buying from bank !
 This product comes with check printing software that is easy to set up and use . The check paper is of high quality and all checks have been processed with no problems . We will be using this indefinitely .
 This product comes with check printing software that is easy to set up and use . The check paper is of high quality and all checks have been processed with no problems . We will be using this indefinitely .
 We are still running Office 2000 on one of our computers ; we are really fond of the kitty office assistant . The version we had did not include Power Point so I needed to add that program to the suite . This program was shipped in perfect condition with all of the paperwork , has been installed and is working in perfect cooperation with the other programs in the suite . It is interesting that Microsoft was still able to update that program with all of the updates that had come out in subsequent years . We have tested the program and it has passed all tests . Even the important one of adding the kitty office assistant .
 I had this item in the pass but loss the code but you made a dream come true . The fact that I needed this software to make my fliers and other documents this was a blessing . Thank you for have this item in stock .
 much needed so I could re-install my new word program after i foolishly installed windows 8 , fast and clean , no problems
 I needed to replace my Windows Word 200 , without the expense of a new purchase . This disc was in excellent condition , arrived in record time , and allows me to use my Dragon program on Word . I would not hesitate to purchase future disc 's through this site . Five Stars in all aspects .
 Seems ok to me , works with no problems . anyone getting pop up ads from microsoft , you can change settings in your computer for this
 I purchased this software because of a great price and I wished to upgrade from Word 97 . It came as expected in great shape and ready to be installed . Works great with Vista and interfaces with all my saved files . Fast delivery and no problems . A great experience
 No real complaints to do with the shipping or handling of the product . Was shipped fast and had no problems with any of that . It 's nice to go back to the old format , instead of 2007 . This was required for a class I had to take to learn how to use Word and was exactly what I needed .
 I ordered a new software for my Windows XP PC and realized I needed Word in order to install it . My computer came with Word Perfect -LRB- which I dislike very much ! -RRB- When I needed something quick and easy to fix my issue , I came across this older version of Word that works like a pro ! At $ 20.00 from an amazon seller I could n't ask for more . Amazing product !
 I could n't find my word 2002 version so I ordered the 2000 and I am very pleased with it , although it 's an older version . Fast shipping and great price .
 I was very pleased with my purchase and the price that I paid . I received it before the estimated time , which was great because I had some letters that were waiting to be saved .
 My order went smoothly . The product arrived in a short time and is just what I was after . Although it is the 2000 version of word , it was what I was use to and had been looking for it for a while . Until I remembered about Amazon ! And there it was , afordable , fast delivery , and works well ... Thanks Amazon
 I ordered this item with the hope that it would work . It worked just like I wanted and the price was great . I received it quickly and I 'm very happy with it . I would buy from this seller again .
 This Word Perfect was just what I wanted . I was surprised at the speed that it arrived !
 Thank you for the prompt service . I was needing it for a class and it arrived quickly . Thanks again Vicki Greeene
 This seller is amazing . I received my product within 3 days , brand new , no problems . I was surprised by the speed of his processing . Wow !!! Thanks for superlative service . I will definitely use this seller again .
 For anyone looking for the best operating for their home , I 'd recommend this . Most people have been raised on Windows software , and this is the best operating system Microsoft has out . I 've tried every version of Windows -LRB- except 2000 DataCenter Server , but I have yet to meet someone who has -RRB- and this worked the best on my system and my peers systems . Use this OS unless you 're more experienced and can handle Linux .
 I installed Windows 98 as an upgrade from 3.1 What a difference ! Win 98 found all of my hardware and installed the device drivers without any intervention on my part . After running it for a month , the system has not crashed once , although Internet Explorer 5.0 did hang up when the telephone connection was lost . Even then , I simply shut down the dead program and Win 98 kept going without so much as a blink . The interface is very intuitive and I can usually do what I need without consulting Help . If I like it so much , why not 5 stars ? For one thing , I feel trapped into using the FAT16 file system and am therefore limited to drive sizes of 2GB each ; splitting my hard drive into pieces . Microsoft provides a utility to convert to FAT32 which lets me have much larger drives . However , if after converting to FAT32 I want to repartition the drive , I will lose all of the data on my hard drive and will need to re-install everything . -LRB- I have seen a utility for $ 70 that will repartition the drive without losing the data . -RRB- Second , I have found several references to Frontpage Express in the online Help that is supposed to be included with the other Internet applications . However , Frontpage Express is nowhere to be found , either on the CD or as part of the install procedure . Microsoft 's web site has been no help either . All in all , I am very happy with Windows 98 . I would not switch to Linux if they gave it to me . Actually , they do give it away and I still will not change . -LRB- I had to get that in after reading all the Window-bashing reviews . -RRB-
 If you have Win95 and you are happy , you can probably skip this upgrade . But if you are running low in disk space , or want better driver support , USB support , more stability , 98 is a good choice . 2000 is n't here yet and should be considered a replacement for Win 9x not an upgrade . As for the ` experts ' , the statement that 98 is just 95 with Internet Explorer is plain wrong . If your system clock falls behind , you have a hardware problem .
 Granted , Win98 is not perfect , but if you do n't like it loadLinux or the MacOS and quit whining . Have fun with linux . It 's onlyabout ten years behind the times compared to MS or even the MacOS . Also , if you think you have a hard time configuring hardware in Win98 you 'll have a blast in Linux . Linux is just hype , I 've installed Slackware and Rehat . Under the pretty desktop -LRB- Gnome -RRB- it 's still just a Unix look alike . I say have fun with Linux and stay back ten years , for the rest of us we will progress with the only `` real '' OS 's for desktops out there i.e. Win98 , WinNT , and of course Win2000 . And no , I do n't work for Microsoft and still ca n't afford to buy thier stock . But , if I had the extra cash I would . You could n't ask for a better investment . I 'm sorry for the rest of you , if good ` ol American competition scares you . Nobody has even stepped up to plate with Microsoft as of yet ! I hope it happens , but it does n't look promising .
 I have reviewed my item and I liked it , but I 'm not able to use it because it 's a 98 computer and I need a hard drive put in it , and a mother board . But I will use the software when I get those things put in . Thanks alot .
 This product is great ; if you want your computer to freeze up every 5 seconds .
 Running Windows 95 and that means Windows 98 is illegal in your country and you are in the land of needing a new computer fast , feeling that you might have a box that looks like it is running windows 3.1 and to be honest now is your chance to move to Windows 2000 for a more solid operating system . Even NT users found more stability in Windows 2000 , 98 users mostly gamers or downloaders , seeing the blue screen of death often , while Win 2K users doing something a little more software intensive like multimedia , graphics and servers that 98 could not manage . So came the day of the duel-processor , having an NT Dual 500mhz , upgrading to Win2K and you still had a fast machine , 64mb and 128mb games cards never really impressing you that much to get a better machine , a games console maybe cheaper and better , XP a little slow for you and besides , 2K was compatible with nearly everything and you could duel boot linux for fun . The only reason to buy a computer between the release of XP and now was if you did not have one and even then plenty of second hand units going around.Year
 I read through the presious reviews and found they fall into two groups . The first group is Microsoft hate mail . The second group consists of honest reviews . If you remove the hate mail from the overall star ranking you 'll find that Win98SE gets about 4.5 stars . I installed this as an upgrade to Win95 . The install went perfectly . The computer almost never crashes . In fact , about the only time I reboot if is when I shut it down because of a lightning storm . I find this OS faster than WIn95 and more stable . It also has a lot of nice features such as baing able to reorder and move start menu items with out openning explorer to do it . My system is modest by todays standards -LRB- AMD K6-2 / 350 and 96 MB ram -RRB- . I highly recommend Win98SE . I think that anyone that gives it an honest review will say the same . Ignore that hate mail . Give your PC a boost .
 My computer was made for Win98 , but I wanted to test the upgrade on a older Compaq computer with Win95.So I bought a old computer at a computer show , and bought the upgrade of Windows98.It was very hard to upgrade to Windoes98 like the others have said , and once loaded ran worst then the full version that came with my newer computer.So Then I uninstalled the upgrade and installed Windows98SE cleanly from the cd that came with my newer computer.The install from the full cd version was more stable but yeah it still has a few `` normal Windows headaches '' . So the bottom line is stick with the full version of Windows98/ME and for Godsake do a clean install !
 I am a IT Professional and Network Administrator . WIN98 SE is a GOOD OS ! The Plug & Play and drivers are much improved , and it IS FASTER and MORE STABLE . Please do n't bash the OS because you hate Microsoft . It 's not perfect , but it is definitely a very good OS and worth buying , especially for the Home/Game user . For you LINUX gurus out there , LINUX is a good platform also , but has not matured enough AT THIS TIME to satisfy the average home user 's needs . If you 're looking for an upgrade for WIN95 , definitely check out WIN98 Second Edition .
 Win98 Second Edition installed flawlessly and has been performing with nary a hiccup in months . Be careful of believing Microsoft bashers ' opinions on this and any other MS product.It starts-up and shuts-down faster , it 's compatible with and includes drivers for many more new plug and play devices.Don ' t forget that `` Internet Connection Sharing '' is a new feature in this version , allowing multiple PCs in a household or small business to simultaneously use a single Internet connection . That could be worth much more than the upgrade price alone .
 If you have Win95 this upgrade is worth the money . Setup is a breeze , the new networking features are nice and the added hardware support out of the box is worth the money alone . All my old apps still run great and they seem to run even faster now -LRB- I think they did some work here -RRB- . No crashes or hangs so far , overall a solid upgrade .
 Boy , I see a bunch of whinners out there . I do not see anything wrong with win98 except the occasional crash . But guess what guys ! I have Linux on my second computer and it crashes just as much as Windows does ! I average one crash every month with windows and about the same with Linux . Look , Windows is far ahead of the competition in useability and hardware support . I sounds like the ones complaining have outdated machines or just do n't know how to properly maintain a computer . For new users , get win98 , and let some knowledgeable person show you how to maintain a computer , you will thank me .
 My experience with this product overall is pretty good . The system is reasonably stable and the performance with some graphics-intensive games has been excellent . The shuddering effects I used to experience with very demanding games is mostly gone , although if I really push things to the limit I can still get it occasionally . I may not be able to blame this totally on 98 , because my video card , although a decent nVidia adaptor , has only 8 megs of memory . With a fancier card with 16 or 32 megs of memory I 'm sure things would be even better . Overall , however , the several improvements made to speed up memory processes seem to have worked okay here .
 I was very happy with the product and especially with the seller who gave wonderful service and prompt delivery !
 Being a MS-DOS , & Windows 3.1 user for years made Windows 98 Second Edition a whole new world to explore ! I like the way Windows 98SE has USB capability and a nice Software Table Synth MIDI ! The ability to use my computer for Video Editing , Watching TV , Recording my own CDS etc has impressed me by leaps and bounds ! I 'm a satisfied user of Windows 98SE -LRB- or Windows 4.1 if you want to get technical ! -RRB-
 After spending time reading almost all of the reviews that have been left here , I have a few things I would like to say . First , to remain credible , I do not work for Microsoft . Second , I am disappointed with some of the people 's comments ; no one wants to listen to someone complain about a company that you may not like . Either be constructive or do n't bother to post your opinions . I do , however , believe that Microsoft did a good job with Windows 98 . Does Win98 crash on me ? Yes . I make no illusions about that . Is it the perfect operating system ? No ; but is it the best choice for most of the users in the computer market today ? Well , I think so , but it depends who you talk to . For the basic user -LRB- the people that this operating system was truly designed for -RRB- , Win98 is a good product that is relatively hassle-free . No matter what anyone tells you , keep this in mind
 I have been reading the reviews about Windows 98 SE , and people say it sucks . I disagree ! I admit that Windows 98 SE does have a couple of bugs , but it for sure has less than Windows 95 . The only problem with it is that sometimes it hangs during shutdown , but that is only a minor problem . Its more stable than 95 and has more features . It is easier to use and is faster too . The upgrade went great and only took about 30 min . For all those people with `` name brand pc 's '' that have trouble upgrading I have one too . Its a Compaq Presario 8760 , with 166MHz and 64mb of ram . Windows 98 SE also comes with a new version of DirectX and even has Microsoft Plus included . It features more 3D icons , and has a mini-desktop in the taskbar . Windows 98 also has an improved start menu and help capabilites . It even comes with Windows Update which goes on the internet and shows you new files you can get for it . Oh yeah ... the startup is alot faster -LRB- about 50 sec -RRB- . Windows 98 also has better system tools and network capabilites . So if you are using Windows 3.1 or 95 , and your computer ca n't handle the newest version of Windows -LRB- ME -RRB- than go with Windows 98 ! Its worth it .
 This software package is supposed to be the improved version of Windows 95 , true it is reliable but there are no new features that jump right out at you , I upgraded my home PC from Windows 95b to 98SE because of constant freezes in 95 and for the most part I have been pretty satisfied with it 's performance . it does include newer versions of Internet Explorer and it has a better driver database but other than that it 's ok . If you are using 95a or 95b , I recommend that you buy this upgrade it will have your system running better with new utilities and it will be easier for you to install hardware with the new drivers database . The memory requirements according to Microsoft.com say 24mb , but I recommend 32 and up the more you have the faster it will run .
 I have started to seriously use Windows with version 3.1 , then I used Windows 95 which was a quantum leap of improvement . Windows 98 is more elegant , more stable , fun to use . It is a Godsent whenever you try to add new hardware . When I had to reinstall it , because I had bought a new drive and motherboard , the support service was excellent .
 Easy to install , systems works faster and better . would recommend to Windows 95 users .
 Windows 98 Second EditionThe `` Getting Started '' manual has a ` Contents ' for its six chapters , a ` Glossary ' , and an ` Index ' of eight pages . ` Appendix A ' explains how to use a mouse . ` Appendix B ' is `` Accessibility for People with Disabilities '' , page 103 lists the problems -LRB- no mention of color blindness -RRB- . `` General Windows Keys '' are on pages 108 to 112 . The ` Preface ' tells how to use this manual . Chapter 1 teaches about Windows 98 in its 21 pages . Chapter 2 is titled `` Installing Windows 98 '' . Certain optional features require a 14.4 modem , a sound card and speakers , a DVD-ROM drive and decoder , and a compatible TV tuner card -LRB- p. 24 -RRB- . Upgrading is explained -LRB- pp.25-26 -RRB- . Chapter 3 explains `` Using Your Desktop '' . It is similar to Windows 95 with enhancements -LRB- support for USB ports used by most printers -RRB- . Chapter 4 tells how to customize your desktop , the display on your monitor . The `` Active Desktop '' can display Web pages -LRB- p. 56 -RRB- . You can watch TV on your computer -LRB- p. 62 -RRB- . You can use multiple monitors -LRB- p. 66 -RRB- . Chapter 5 explains `` Using the Internet '' . Chapter 6 has many technical topics `` Advanced Issues '' . The FAT32 file system is more efficient in using disk space -LRB- p. 80 -RRB- , supports a large hard drive , and is more reliable . The many topics here can inform you about options available for a computer used by other people -LRB- `` Home Networking '' -RRB- . Windows 98 SE can be used on a 486 or equivalent -LRB- like a 586 or 686 -RRB- . Later versions of Windows require a faster Pentium . This system does not support USB Mass Storage devices -LRB- memory sticks or some USB devices -RRB- . There are Unofficial software drivers to update Windows 98 SE to support USB Mass Storage devices -LRB- like memory sticks -RRB- . The site address is
 Needed this for an old pentium II pc . Seems to work well no problems .
 Received product on time . Product was exactly what i needed , and exactly whatwas stated it was .
 The software is not `` useless '' ... unless you order it without bothering to read the System Requirements.It 's pretty rude to give a piece of software one star because you , as the purchaser , were too clueless to make certain it was compatible with your Mac before you ordered it.The System Requirements -LRB- and there is a link to the full requirements in the listing -RRB- clearly state this version is for `` Any PowerPC processor-based , Mac OS compatible system -LRB- at least 120 MHz recommended -RRB- `` NOT Intel processors . All new Macs come with Intel processors.Anyone who uses a computer - REGARDLESS of the operating system , so I include Windows users here - should know enough to make certain the software is compatible with both their OS AND their hardware before buying it.Only older , no-longer-manufactured Macs have PowerPC processors.Also , this is Office 98 ... that 's 1998 folks . This is 2011 . Do you always order the 13-year-old version of a program for your new computer?Also , the specs indicate this is for System 7 and up , meaning it 's a Classic Application - meaning it wo n't work with ANY version of OS X.Sorry , but the one-star review of this software is what 's worthless . Maybe buyers could start reviewing the actual applications ... and Amazon could start removing reviews that provide no helpful information at all , but instead only prove the buyer screwed up ?
 I have an iMac that has system 9.2 on it . It used to have Office 98 word , until a somewhere down the line one of our students dragged it to the trash can . I was glad to find this program for a relatively cheap price to load it back in .
 I have owned MS Photodraw V2 for almost 9 years , having first purchased it with MS Office 2000 . Like the other reviewers , I use it on a daily basis and I am still amazed with its functionality and the quality of the results . I also own Adobe Photoshop and use that occasionally but for most picture editing projects , I use MS Photodraw . Being able to crop , resize , add special effects -LRB- such as making a picture an animated gif or putting 3D into a picture -RRB- , cloning parts of an image , erasing/adding areas back into the pic , and adding text are just small examples of how I continue to use this product . Little did I know 9 years ago that I would still be using any computer program from that time period , but when Microsoft made MS Photodraw , they created a timeless jewel that continues to provide professional results .
 I first bought this program when it was first released to modify digital photos . Little did I realize that I had purchased -LRB- for far less than the going rate today -RRB- the best to EVER come along . It did take time for me to maximize the full benefits of the program and over time I have purchased others since there has been no upgrade for PhotoDraw 2000 . For example Digital Image Suite is relatively inexpensive and it definitely has some improved features but it lacks many of the best PhotoDraw 2000 features . I use both programs for images , saving and closing in one in one program and opening in the other . PhotoDraw 2000 saves in its own format so one needs to save as PNG or other format to work two programs so it can be cumbersome for the lesser motivated . Overall if I had to choose one program the winner would still be PhotoDraw 2000 .
 I have had this program for 10 yrs and originally ran it on Win 98 2nd ed , then XP , now on Win 7 . The only problem on Win 7 is that photodraw ca n't recognize large jpegs . A workaround is to also load Photodraw into virtual xp , read in the jpeg , save it as mix -LRB- Photodraw native format -RRB- , then move the mix to photodraw in Win 7 . I have photoshop loaded but the ease of use of photodraw has inhibited me from bothering to learn photoshop .
 This is the best of the best Microsoft for photo easy to work lots of special features
 I use Photodraw on a daily basis , too , for my web graphics ... for the last 9 years . I have tried other editors , but nothing is as useful to what I do with images as Photodraw . I am amazed , too , that I 'm still using it , but I absolutely love it . I so wish MS had never let this one go .
 If you 're a PC person and want to do graphics like those Mac people with Photo Shop , this is the program for you . Nine years after I originally bought this product , I still use it on a daily basis . Those Photo Shop people have to do multiple tasks to get things done , when PhotoDraw V2 gets them done in one click . The ease of use of this product made me a believer in its capabilities .
 I found this guide to be very helpful by providing a fully-searchable set of the episode scripts . It sounds like wcaver was using the feature search -LRB- which is somewhat less than useful -RRB- , rather than the full text search -LRB- which finds every instance of a word in all of the scripts -RRB- . However , it is n't perfect . For one thing , if you click on any word in the script or synopsis , it does a text search for that word . For someone who is used to clicking in a window to bring the focus there , this is very distracting . For another thing , the guest star information is incomplete ; only the `` primary '' guest stars are listed , and the actors who played minor roles are not listed.Still , for the price this is a very handy product .
 If You 've ever wondered about a script for DS9 , This is the thing to get , it has scripts , Promo Videos and pictures , and even has some cut scenes in the scripts -LRB- not videos however :-LRB- -RRB-
 If you 're a fan of Deep Space Nine then do n't miss out on adding this incredibly detailed book to your library . The glimpses into the making of the episodes and the characters are fascinating . This is the kind of book you relish over time and it 's worth every dime .
 I always felt that DS9 suffered from the `` Jan Brady/Rodney Dangerfield '' syndrome
 Only on this CD are all the 176 scripts to all the episodes . There are a few photos and production notes but you do n't have to search the web for them anymore . They are all here . Will they ever produce a version for Voyager ?
 This is the best companion I have ever seen . This CD has it all , scripts , episode summaries and cast and character info . The absolute coolest thing on here is that each episode also has the video trailer that you can actually watch and see the real TV trailers ! Excellent ! I HIGHLY recommend this !
 The main reason to get this DS9 companion is due to the fact that it has every complete DS9 shooting script on one convenient CD-Rom disc . The core of DS9 's success lay in its excellent writing , and creative character development of its principal players
 THIS IS LIKE A CD-ROM OF THE DS9 SECTION OF THE STAR TREK CONTINUUM
 Great brand new product , fast speedy service if you need to buy this product this is the place to go .
 I still want to use this Operating System , because of OpenGL support for 3D application and games , starting with Windows 2000 or NT , microsoft has modified it 's driver which make the OpenGL low grammer , I think microsoft is trying to eliminate some free programming opensource for everyone , I like to use this operating system if someone continue to use it for such game as Quake 3 1.16 freeze rail and AMD software cool program runs fine , I hope someone makes Operating System from this windows 98 base to add features without making programmers reprogram their software to support the OS , let me know if u can make windows 98 look modern and cool with new win98 os win98@LeMinhMan.com
 Windows 98 Second EditionThe `` Getting Started '' manual has a ` Contents ' for its six chapters , a ` Glossary ' , and an ` Index ' of eight pages . ` Appendix A ' explains how to use a mouse . ` Appendix B ' is `` Accessibility for People with Disabilities '' , page 103 lists the problems -LRB- no mention of color blindness -RRB- . `` General Windows Keys '' are on pages 108 to 112 . The ` Preface ' tells how to use this manual . Chapter 1 teaches about Windows 98 in its 21 pages . Chapter 2 is titled `` Installing Windows 98 '' . Certain optional features require a 14.4 modem , a sound card and speakers , a DVD-ROM drive and decoder , and a compatible TV tuner card -LRB- p. 24 -RRB- . Upgrading is explained -LRB- pp.25-26 -RRB- . Chapter 3 explains `` Using Your Desktop '' . It is similar to Windows 95 with enhancements -LRB- support for USB ports used by most printers -RRB- . Chapter 4 tells how to customize your desktop , the display on your monitor . The `` Active Desktop '' can display Web pages -LRB- p. 56 -RRB- . You can watch TV on your computer -LRB- p. 62 -RRB- . You can use multiple monitors -LRB- p. 66 -RRB- . Chapter 5 explains `` Using the Internet '' . Chapter 6 has many technical topics `` Advanced Issues '' . The FAT32 file system is more efficient in using disk space -LRB- p. 80 -RRB- , supports a large hard drive , and is more reliable . The many topics here can inform you about options available for a computer used by other people -LRB- `` Home Networking '' -RRB- . Windows 98 SE can be used on a 486 or equivalent -LRB- like a 586 or 686 -RRB- . Later versions of Windows require a faster Pentium . This system does not support USB Mass Storage devices -LRB- memory sticks or some USB devices -RRB- . There are Unofficial software drivers to update Windows 98 SE to support USB Mass Storage devices . The site address is
 works great if you want the updates make sure you downoad the internet explorer 6 short cut on a different computer and burn it to a disk then put it in your cd drive on your 98 computer then after getting ie6 you can get the updates
 GREAT PRODUCT , THIS SAVED ME FROM GETTING RID OF AN OLD MACHINE.THANKS A LOT .
 This item arrived quickly . It arrived in excellent condition . It worked exactly like it was supposed to . The item met a special need very well . Thank you Amazon for having it .
 Not bad . Windows 98 will work on most modern Intel computers . It can run both the old and new applications for the most part . Go to CNET.com if you have driver issues .
 i just upgraded to windows 98 SE from Windows 95 OSR 2.5 , and must say its pretty stable ! usually after installing a bunch of software and windows would just give me grief . after formating my harddrive and installing windows 98 SE and installing all my old programs i havent had a problem since . Although its great Windows ME has already been realeased so for the price Id go for that Since its newer and has some more stuff with it . But windows 98 sE is great !
 This is by far the best operating system that Microsoft has ever created . I do n't know why some of these reviews are complaining of problems . I use this operating system on most of my computers ; as soon as I buy a system I immediately format the hard drive and load Windows 98 SE . In 10 years I have never had a problem . Most of the problems that I read are attributed to manufacturer hard coding for a particular operating system , and simple hardware problems.Windows 98SE stopped problems that occurred in Win95 where a program could freeze your system . Even that Win95 later became available in Fat32 , the first versions were in Fat16 . Win98 started out using Fat32.Also , the reason why it is touted as the best gaming system still out there is simple . It takes up less memory and hard drive space to operate . All later operating systems produced by Microsoft are extremely resource intensive . One last note , all modern viruses are being created for the new operating systems . Therefore , Windows 98 SE is safer , faster , and more reliable than ever . Good luck .
 If you ca n't get by comfortably with your PC using this operating system , then you probably need to take some classes . 98 SE is as solid an OS as you will see in the marketplace . Its plug and play is truly impressive , and overall it has very few problems , and fixes many oddities that cropped up with 98 1st edition and 95 . Users of the Mac OS , unless they are blinded by Microsoft hate , will find windows 98 refreshing because , unlike every Mac OS made since 1990 , it does n't freeze every time you have more than two programs open . So load this baby up and get busy !
 I ca n't believe it had never been opened . It makes my computer run faster than windows 7 . I can finally play all my favorite games !
 I installed Win 98se within Win 7 OS using VM Ware emulation software in order to run a legacy DOS application . It works very well !
 I thought that Win 98 was a halfway decent OS when it came out . I had thrown away my orginal about 3 months ago just to find out that I needed it for 2 new installments of XP Home and Pro that I had . I also found it to be cheaper through Amazon than ebay .
 hi win98 2nd edition is greast easier than win95 at first my computer was hangin up but there were alot of conflicts i took it to our local computer shop now it is just as fast if not faster than win95
 Perfect for older computers ! Great home use and its powerful ! Easy to setup and use . Has lots of cool themes for different looks and sounds ! Great Buy !
 I ordered this product on a Monday and received that week on Friday . Shipping was on time and the shipper even sent an email to let me know he received my request for the item.Very Good !
 Seller was very fast and efficient . I would deal with him again.He was exceptionally helpful with my questions regarding the product that I purchased from him . A GREAT GUY !
 Very prompt and helpful . I would purchase from him again . He was fast , efficient and helpful .
 This is the best software ever , but you might need to download some upgrades like the media player , outlook express and the internet explorer but that 's easy i recommend this better than the windows 2000 because is ... and the difference from the 98 version is only some upgrades that you can download at ...
 Windows 98 Second Edition is as perfect a balance between stability and compatibility as Microsoft has so far achieved . The Milenium Edition -LRB- ME -RRB- Upgrade only curbed the compatibility a bit and slowed things down , and Windows 2000 is stable as a rock but lacks support for lots of software and hardware.Oddly enough , Windows 98 -LRB- the first edition -RRB- was the worst version of Windows in a long time , but Second Edition put things back in perspective quite nicely .
 Ever since Win 3.1 became obsolete , I 've been complaining bitterly about how '95 and the first version of '98 have been so unstable , have more lock-ups , software conflicts , blue-screens of death and many other problems . Win 98 second edition seems to have plugged most of the holes in that particular dam , and I 've had a lot less headaches . It also offers a few new features that enable password/text memory and some other little goodies that made the second edition a better deal . Between this O/S and Microsoft Office 2000 , my world has been pretty stable , and I 'm breathing a sigh of relief !
 Windows 98 Is a huge improvement over Win 95 and compared to what 's out there it 's the best . Linux is getting better but still not user friendly , OS/2 is dead , and the MAC OS just does not have any software so compare to the rest it 's the best . If you are going to install it on a server or workstation I would recommend Windows NT , or Windows 2000 , if you know what you are doing linux . One thing about Windows 98 if you play with it too much trying to tweak it , it will crash so buyer be ware . Windows 98 will fill your HD will full of junk , but once again compared to what 's out there it 's the best . User friendly , has allot of support and allot of software .
 I am 54 yrs old and have avoided computers all my life because I did n't think I could ever learn to use one . I had an opportunity to play witha friends PC which had Windows 98 on it . It was wonderfully easy . In a few minutes I was clicking right along . It could n't have been more user friendly . This PC has since been updated to Windows 98 SE and then fun and ease of use is even better . It 's an old PC and has n't crashed once since this program was put on . I highly recommend it to everyone for ease of installation and smoothness of running . Lots of sofware available to shake hands with it too . Keep computing .
 Stable for general use and dual booting a PC , if you need to run programs that need DOS but also want Windows , try this .
 After reading just some of the ` horror stories ' of Windows 98SE written here , I have to say BUNK ! I 've used Windows 98 since it was introduced , upgrading from Windows 95 . I upgraded to Win98SE when the Second Edition became available . I Still use Windows 98SE today.I have used this OS on countless laptops/notebooks , and Desktop and Tower PCs in various makes and models
 I needed a new copy of Win 98 in order to load it on a Virtual on my computer to run old software . This was a completely new copy and worked great .
 Be aware that if you ever wish to try out Linux , or if Windows XP is no longer recognized , your Windows XP upgrade will not work . So do you go out and buy the full version ? Well , I am not in favor of paying Bill -LRB- Gates -RRB- three times for the same thing . So I bought a second hand Windows 98 Second Edition . I Installed 98 . I was then able to install my XP upgrade . Well , actually you do n't need to install 98 . You can boot off the XP disk , and when it asks you , swap it with your 98 disk , to verify your upgrade . Swap back the XP disk and it will install .
 Members of our family -LRB- children and adults -RRB- have used this product for several versions -- 4.0 , 6.0 and now version 10 . It 's always been easy to use , and the student quickly gains speed , accuracy and confidence . Our 11-yr-old son will use it this summer to help with middle school . The games will hold his interest . The music playing in the background is an effective way to help the typist maintain a consist fluid rhythm .
 No need to search for a more perfect typing program -- this is it ! Mavis Beacon , et al , can not compare - I know , I 've tried it . In fact , TT10 is first-rate b/c it does n't skip a beat . If offers every possible component to make the child/adult student feel comfortable with the learning process , as well as , confident with the outcome of it . It is very well organized , direct , and lots of fun , i.e. , it includes an optional & varied music selection to accompany your busy fingers along the way . BY FAR , THE BEST PROGRAM ON THE MARKET !
 Typing Tutor 10 is an excellent program for kids and adults of all ages to practice thier skill levels in typing . It has 8 games that are very addicting to help you type faster . It is very challenging and you want to excel in your typing word score everyday . You can type segments of books or magazine articles geered to your talents and skills . This program is worth purchasing and is absolutely the best money spent for learning keyboard skills .
 Typing Tutor was very helpful.In school I was taking a computer class and could n't type too fast.I must have been 15 words per minute.After I used this I typed at 55 words per minute.It 's great !! It has music to relax you and if you do n't like the music you can turn it off.You can set everything how you like it.It 's good for the whole family and you can use it at any level you are on.If you want to become a great typer in one week , this is the CDrom for You !
 Typing Tutor 10 is an educational CD-ROM software hallmarked by easy-to-use lessons complete with keyboard and handguides , split screens , backgrounds , music , and web-like navigation . The program introduces beginning students to the keyboard and the Internet . They learn to type the keyboard and numeric pad characters using the traditional `` Home Row Method '' , as well as become familiar with both the look and feel of email and Internet sites . As they advance , students increase their confidence and dexterity with customized lessons and challenging games , all enhanced with animation and rewarding interactive feedback to motivate them to build their skills and advance at a rapid pace . In addition to classroom instructional use , Typing Tutor 10 is also ideal for adults new to the use of a computer keyboard and needing to acquire competency and confidence in its use for their computer programs , projects , and usages .
 I was typing at a speed of 15 adjusted words per minute before using this software now my speed is 41 . I think this statement speaks for itself.The games are appropriately targeted at increasing speed and accuracy .
 Loved the music selection , loved the selection of games , the font size was readable and clear -- this program is much better the Mavis Beacon program I tried.However , the software would ` hang ' during the games . It indicates ME operation , but the packaging indicates Windows 95/98 . I was advised to try anyway . If you have 95/98 , then this is a wonderful program . The games are great . My favorites were the Shopping Cart , Letter Invaders , and Cricket . Letter Invaders I could beat -LRB- until the software hung -RRB- , but the Crickets got me every time . I liked being beat - I 'm a skilled typist of avg . 63wpm . Gave me accuracy to aspire to!I 'll be waiting for the next version -LRB- I hope there is one -RRB- to see if it runs more efficiently with Windows ME .
 TT10 is a simple and very effective training program . This program is user friendly , intuitive and a great tool for learning and improving touch typing . The colour scheme within the screens , graphics and font size are nice and the Navigation is simple and intuitive . I have not completly explored all the lessons but am very satisfied with the software and my progress so far . The games are funny and provide a good break . The product is marked for Win 95/98 on the package but I did not have any problems on Win ME so far .
 I enjoyed working with this product . The games are fun . I would purchase from this product line again . It improved my typing speed and accuracy .
 THIS IS THE FUNNEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED IT.iT ALSO HAS RELLY FUN GAMES THAT RELLY FUN TO PLAY .
 the best typing.im 11 and i really want to learn how to type i love going on the computerso i really want to learn so plz
 Simply an amazing work of art . It 's actually kind of sad how much Macromedia has us wrapped around it 's genius little finger . If you 're into vector graphics , this is your buy . Since , Illustrator 10 is bugged and Freehand is compatible with FLash , a new king shall rise.All hail Freehand 10 !!
 This is one of those tools that I never knew I needed until I had it . I write constantly and often search -LRB- wander , cast , roam -RRB- about for a word that says exactly what I mean . I have no less than 5 other powerful software dictionaries and/or thesauri -- none comes close to VT. . This tool allows me to quickly and painlessly brachiate across my dendriform lexicon and infallibly coming to rest on the very word I need!I consider this an indespensible aid for upwardly mobile authors , marketting professionals , public speakers , teachers and students .
 If you love words , sit at a computer most of time and would rather read a screen than a book , you 'll love this software . Truly , this is for the visually motivated word geeks . It 's compatible with Windows and Mac . I use both and I 've loaded Visual Thesaurus on all computers that I use . Settings are customizable . You can print exactly what you see on the screen . I like using the thesaurus in place of a dictionary in order to expand my vocabulary .
 Eureka!Finally , a vocabulary and language tool for those of us who are visual-spatial learners . Seeing a word laid out with synonyms and antonyms has been immensely helpful to me . Sometimes I just ca n't quite portray the right idea and need to fish around in the word map until I see just what I 'm looking for . I do n't think I 'll ever need to refer to my paper thesaurus again.It 's great fun to learn about alternative meanings of a given word too , and other words in the family . Who knew that clicking around a word map would be so interesting ? The word-of-the-day emails are a good way to get the brain going in the morning . Apparently this is the perfect resource for writers , students , lyricists , bloggers , and just general folks who are interested in language like me.It 's genius that the software has a plug-in for Microsoft Word , making it extra easy to look up a word without having to open up the software . That feature alone is the reason why I use the Visual Thesaurus every day.I recommend you try the online version at the Visual Thesaurus website if you want to see how it works before you buy the CD-ROM . It 's a good way to get a feel of the program since the software ca n't be returned after it has been opened.If Amazon reviews were like grade school , this software would get an A + from me . I suppose five stars will have to do .
 Visual Thesaurus is the perfect gift to yourself or to someone you know who would like to expand their vocabulary . I find myself at times when I 'm writing lost for words not just any words but the right words to describe what I think is essential to what I 'm trying to convey , this product clears up the fog and gives you a variety of words that fit perfect in every scenario . I highly recommend it .
 Based on the concept of `` thinking maps '' , a visual organization method utilizing the right brain 's spatial approach -LRB- similar to Edward De Bono 's technic and the `` Inspiration '' software -RRB- this Thesaurus is revolutionary and a very useful tool for both learning and work .
 Visual Thesaurus is an innovative software product with a friendly graphical interface . It redefines the process and improves the effectiveness of using a comprehensive thesaurus dictionary . Visual Thesaurus is so much fun to use that I often find it hard to stop tracing the word links long after an appropriate word match has been found .
 I purchased this product because it seemed interesting . Originally I thought I would use it for my creative writing . But it has become a daily tool for many things . It is very good
 Microsoft Office 2000 may be the best version made . Works with Windows 95 through Windows 7 . Is much more compact than later versions .
 Very pleased with the CD . It was hard to find but I got a good deal because it was used . I saved money getting it used . it works just fine .
 Perfect - Can use the same database as 2003 without the upgrade . Just what I was looking for .
 This is the older version of MS Access . It was the version used by my clients , though . All came ok and worked well . The picture shows the box but this is just the disk , that was ok for me . There are help files on the disk.MS Access 2000 mostly uses Access -LRB- Jet -RRB- '' . mdb '' files , but it can also link to other database systems as long as there is an ODBC driver available . So it can be used with MS SQL and other systems , as a front end.I have heard that Microsoft is `` de-emphasizing '' Access , but it does still work .
 We wanted to have the ability to legally input data from different computers and were using this on other computers . To remain compatible , we needed to have this product in particular . I was glad to get it . I wish it was more like a Word program in flexibility with the input , but it is simple and easy to use .
 Order came fast and it worked great . Had key number and all . No problems . Do n't know what else to say . Bye ya 'll .
 It 's Microsoft Access at a great price ! I tried to use OpenOffice 's database software at home , but it just did n't work for me -LRB- it was so different than Access , and it lacked many simple/handy features that are standard in Access ... like easily adding records to a table using copy/paste -RRB- . I originally used Access 2000 at work and now use Access 2007 at work . There is n't a whole lot of difference between 2000 and 2007 ... FOR THE HOME/PERSONAL USER . So , if you are doing a personal/home project by juggling spreadsheets and manual entry , give Access a try ... it has saved me a bunch of time . And if you write error checking queries , then it will do quality control on your data too . Very handy .
 I have this product installed on my desktop and laptop , both running Windows 98SE . It really is a life saver . Several times , after doing something wrong , or after a machine crash , was I able to reconstruct my system and recover lost files . A must have for any serious computer user .
 This product allows one to quickly copy a video file from DVDs or other parts of one 's hard-drive into a much smaller '' * . avi '' file . Doing this allows one to keep more video files on the hard drive , copy the files to a hand-held device such as PDAs or media players , or `` burn '' new DVDs or video CDs.This reviewer has used this product to place video files on a Treo 650 and Zire 72s to watch my favorite TV shows on the subway while riding the subway/bus to and from work.This product is useful for this purpose , but not sufficient . One will need to load a video player on the handheld . For this purpose , this reviewer has used the freeware TCMP available via the web . Additionally , it is difficult to send the large video files to the SD card on the Palm . I have found that software fixes such as shareware installer programs and disk `` mounting '' programs less than effective . However , an SD Card Reader/Writer - some as cheap as $ 10 - seems to be the best approach for moving the file to the SD card . This reviewer has not tried the other hand held video player - MMP - but TCMP is a very effective bare bones player that seems to accept a wide range of formats.The only drawbacks with Pocket-DVD Studio are that it is a very bare bones software application . It tends to lock up frequently after copying files . It requires a DVD reader application to work , one is not inherently embedded . Of note , version 3.6 is available directly from the manufacturer now.Bottom line
 Product Description By Creating Keepsakes . By Creating Keepsakes . Who says you ca n't have it all ? `` The Best of Creative Lettering '' Super Combo CD contains all of the fonts , fillable alphabets , lettering tools and scrapbook graphics on `` The Best of Creating Lettering '' CD Vols . 4 and 5 , the `` Sports and Outdoors '' CD-plus bonus fonts that will only be available on this CD . You 'll love using these awesome features
 To consider an out-of-date software package like Bookshelf 2000 , you must deal with the fact that encyclopedias , atlases , and especially almanacs do n't exactly age like fine wine . I will therefore spare you a discussion of these parts of Bookshelf.Once you have made your peace with that , Bookshelf is still worthwhile for the dictionary and thesaurus , which resist aging . You can save these to your hard drive -LRB- for quick access -RRB- and keep the CD handy for the style manual , quotations , and timeline.The dictionary is an `` updated '' iteration of the late , great Third Edition of The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language , not the Fourth Edition released in 2000 . A lot has happened to the English language since the Third was released in 1994 . The updating is selective and runs from ' 94 - ` 00
 2006 and I 'm still using this little beauty . Clean interface , great dictionary/thesaurus , and an indispensable style guide . A searchable quotation database and an adequate world map feature add to this haiku of a program.Microsoft dumped this in 2001 and replaced it with Encarta . Too bad . I wish they still made software like this ... it does more with less .
 I 've utilized several iterations of Microsoft Bookshelf for several years and still find it an essential utility for any kind of correspondence . From simple emails to reports to resumes ; Bookshelf with the QuickShelf function in the tray provides a fast and easy check for spelling , definition , synonym , etc.Although designed for earlier Windows OS , it does function fine with any NT 5 platform . Even after > 10 years since being released -LRB- an eternity PC-wise -RRB- this little gem still shines !
 I run Bookshelf 2000 on a desktop PC that I built myself , with XP as the OS . Since XP does n't have a built-in dictionary , as Mac OS X does , I installed Bookshelf . Note that you can copy the entire contents of the CD onto your hard drive , so that you do n't need to insert the disc every time you run the program.Even in this age of easy access to web information sources such as Wikipedia and other sites , I still find Bookshelf to be very useful . It 's nice having a serviceable atlas , quotations and dictionary at your fingertips . If you can buy it used at a reasonable price , I recommend picking up a copy .
 I believe this is the best product Microsoft ever made . It is the only software I have found that includes the original Roget 's Thesaurus from 1911 . The new Roget 's is useless to writers . This one allows not just synonyms , but word associations , examples , and so on . The interface is quick , clean , and fast .
 Item was as described . This version of Bookshelf is not as exciting as Encarta and is also not as intuitive as many other MS products .
 Too bad Microsoft has n't updated this piece of software . I 've found it to be a very useful program and use it often . Better than Encarta , in my opinion .
 Hello all who are wondering
 I received this program quickly . It was in excellent condition and runs great on my Windows Vista computer .
 I have used this product before so I purchased for myself . I still like this older version over the newer version . I wish MS would slow down when it comes to making a product `` look '' different and if changing an existing product , at least keep the same terminology in the menus and options . It is very disturbing when installing a new product and can not find the options/functions you have used from the previous version.Otherwise this product is very good to use .
 The software works very well . I did not realize that `` old '' meant that it was a version for Windows 97 . I am running xp pro and there were some issues with that , but I have resolved them and the solftware is running just fine .
 This was a great buy and I do n't regret it one bit ... loving my software and putting it to good use .
 Works as expected . This software is OEM and requires you to uninstall the previous version or same version as I was replacing due to having a copy not original copy . After installing I have noticed that it does take a lot longer to load up each program , but that could be my computer , not sure at this moment . If you are installing this because of the same situation I had do n't worry about loosing any of your data when you uninstall the other/old version .
 I wish Amazon would require sellers to list as OEM version . Consumers should know ahead of time .
 Yes , some businesses do n't need to run the latest expensive version of Office , just to write letters or do small presentations . They still run the older software , and still make money . And save money too .
 Exactly what i ordered and exactly what was described . I like the old school programs and that what i have with this product .
 Microsoft Office 2000 ProfessionalI ordered this as a Christmas present for my son . After I ordered it , I found out it was not what he needed . Craig was very accommodating in letting me return it for a full refund . Thank you for your great service.Diana A.
 I needed this on a machine I am running Win XP on do specific programs that wo n't run on Vista or Win 7 . Works great .
 I have been using Office 2000 since it was first released and have lost count of how many computers on which I have installed it . Office 2003 is pretty good , but IMHO , the more Microsoft `` improves '' Office , the more difficult it becomes to use . This purchase is a replacement copy for a well-worn , much-loved set . Highly recommended !
 I needed an old version of Windows 2000 Professional , and could n't find it anywhere , and all the young techie types would just say , why do n't you quit living in the past and get this super fast program . I wanted to get documents that were saved from an old computer that crashed . Now you know , and for the rest of the story ... I do n't know why I thought about it , but I just thought hummm , I wonder if Amazon would carry that , and I was shocked they did . I did n't get ripped off on the price because it was `` classic '' , nor did I find the product covered in mouse drippings , smell of mold , or anything else like that . It actually looked brand new just as they said.The conclusion
 It works and thank you for making it available for such a reasonable price . I previously had this program for which I paid full price when it came out , but the discs got scratched and I did n't want to pay hundreds of dollars for it again . Thank you once more : -RRB-
 Good edition of office for anyone who needs a good office program but does n't want or need to pay the price for the latest edition of the product . This will do the job with some bells and whistles but not all the flash .
 Satisfied with the product , the condition of the product was as advertised , the price was right . and the delivery was excellent . What more can a person hope for?Ed Olson , satisfied customer .
 When I ordered it and got it in , it 's definitely what I needed for my computer so I can easily type documents , make powerpoints , or do other things as well , it may be an older version but it 's much cheaper and it does what I need it to do so I definitely have no complaints with this product .
 This product is very good . It 's easy-to-use and quite powerful . It let 's you do almost everything the Microsoft Office 2002-2003 let you do except for very small , unnoticeable editing changes and -LRB- Of course -RRB- the very limited ClipArt . It is also a bit stale compared to 2002-2003 versions and ca n't even be compared with 2007 , especially when it comes to PowerPoint.So it is junk compared to the older versions , but if you ca n't afford anything else , this is the best to go with :-RRB- .
 Complete and Powerful PC Care
 I have enough of Roxio . Roxio is a piece of crap . Avoid Roxio in all causes.I am using Digital Image Suite 2006 for photo and Vegas for movie now.I downloaded the demo from Sony . After playing with the demo for a day or two , I was sold.Vegas is easy to use , fast , and reliable . No crashing . Will not turn your state-of-the-art PC into a 486 . Can read files in Unicode . Lots of useful features.This is my first time to use this product . No manual needed if I only want to do simple thing . However , I do need to do some reading if I want to do something more complicated.The package comes with two products . Vegas Movie Studio is used to edit/build your movie . DVD Architect is used to assemble and burn your movies to the DVD.DVD Architect is so easy to use . A newbie like me takes no time to make a DVD with multiple menu and chapters.The package also comes with two tiny manuals , one is for Vegas and the other one is for DVD Architect . The manuals only show you how to use the softwares . They do n't show you how to make movie.On the down side , the package comes with a useless training DVD , a bunch of video and sound special effects , and a stripped copy of ACID Music Studio with no useful function but to pop out ton of ads to ask you to buy the full version . On the other hand , if you want , you can set up Vegas to use any music program you like . I set it to use Sound Editor from Roxio . -LRB- Unlike the rest of the Roxio , Sound Editor from Roxio is actually pretty good . -RRB- But Vegas is not prefect . It wo n't let you burn MPEG1 DVD . So , do n't bother to try to burn your VCD movies to one 4.7 g DVD . It will convert the MPEG1 files to MPEG2 files.Buttomline . This is a great reliable product . Your money will be well spent .
 I have used Adobe Premier and Final Cut with Macintosh computers and I am very impressed with VEGAS Platinum with HD . I do n't have an HD camera so I ca n't comment on the HD features . I have the Canon GL2 . The editing is powerful , and through using the s to seperate events and then delete the material that I do n't want I am able to edit just as well as I edited in Adobe , and all the other unique and easy to use feature really make using this software a breeze . The thing that has really impressed me is how stable it is . I used adobe Premier with the same computer and really had a lot of slow downs and crashes . I give this product a big thumbs up , and the DVD software is simply amazing . I have n't used the full Vegas 7 but when I have the cash I am considering the jump .
 This is my third video editing program and Last . Finally I found one that actually works the way they said it would.I always bought Soney Electronic products so I went by name to purchase this program . My biggest problem in the past was adding media , even properly formatted . No problems like that anymore.There are a lot of options and effects to add which are easily found . There is a tutorial you can use that shows you on screen how to deal with a task not known . Being it has so many effects and options to apply to you video it is a little difficult at first but like everything else you get familiar with time . On screen help online , and a manual is gives.I made a movie 1 hr after installation . Get IT .
 I had purchased the previous edition and like it . This addition adds more easily understood features and allows for easy movie making . Fun to work with and I highly recommemd Sony products and DVD equipment . You will not be disappointed.Perry LyleJupiter , FL USA
 I really like the game . What gets on my nerves is that shovel on the the math part telling me what to do . She wo n't give me a chance to do what I need to do . I mostly play the rhyming game with salt and paper . And I also like to find Joe .
 i have found band-in-a-box to be a very useful tool for creating backing trcks , learning improvisation and practicing my instrument . the interface may be clunky , but i have found it to be quite intuitive . the video demonstrations make it very easy to learn .
 Our two year old LOVES this video game ! I like the educational part where she is learning/relearning her shapes , colors , and numbers . I also like the higher levels that use patterns . The game is engaging and keeps my daughter 's attention throughout . I strongly reccommend it.She has her own computer , so we do n't have to worry about spy ware or anything like that.I hope you enjoy it !
 She wants to play it almost everyday . : - -RRB- I find it to be suited for her age , its not too simple or boring at all .
 We have a 4 year old that absoultely loves this games it keeps her busy for hours and she has learned alot playing it . She has already learned to recognize different shapes and is learning her numbers . I would recommend this game for any toddler .
 My daughter is 21/2 and we 're introducing her to the wonderful world of computers . She loves Dora -LRB- What little girl does n't ? -RRB- , so this seemed like a great way to get her started . Although this game states that it is for children 3 and over , I think that this is a good game for younger children as long as you can help them out . This is basically a collection of very basic games which cover counting , shapes , colours , etc. . If your child already has the skills to use a mouse and is well versed in shapes and such , then I agree with some other reviewers that this may be too simplistic , but for a younger child - especially one who loves Dora - this adds just a little bit more interactivity to the `` Dora experience '' and can help get him/her more comfortable with using a mouse .
 We loved this game ! Got it for our 3 year old and it is absolutely worth it ! It is very easy to do and user friendly !
 My 31/2 year old son loves this game . He is able to be on level 2 already and can do most things on his own . He is learning while he has fun .
 Our four year old still plays this game a lot , even though we 've had it for several weeks . Some of it seems repetetive to me , but then , kids are quite willing to go over things again and again . this is a good mix of letting her have fun but also learning since its content is quite educational . At age four , she is already becoming computer savvy , in part due to this game .
 I 've used a lot of print shop programs , but this one is the best I 've tried . I 'll soon be ordering more of this brand . It 's quick and easy to use .
 This pack contains three software games for preschoolers
 These extra garage band loops have really added to my ability to create my own arrangements . I have no musical training or any particular musical aptitude . I thought , at first , the price was too high , but the price is worth it .
 These extra garage band loops have really added to my ability to create my own arrangements . I have no musical training or any particular musical aptitude . I thought , at first , the price was too high , but the price is worth it .
 Fans of astrology and tarot products will delight in this new and original program which also helps to provide answers to life 's challenges as you confront them . You begin by asking a question and then use nature 's four elements to get instant guidance and answers in the form of a reading . There 's a glossary , screen saver and even a personal diary to store your past readings . Highly recommended for its originality . Even if you already have other fortune telling programs there 's no overlap here .
 These extra garage band loops have really added to my ability to create my own arrangements . I have no musical training or any particular musical aptitude . I thought , at first , the price was too high , but the price is worth it .
 Acid Pro 4 is Sonic Foundry 's highest level loop and sample recording program and in this respect it is excellent . It 's beat matching capabilities along with time stretching of samples without them sounding odd or losing the correct pitch is excellent . Indeed , this is a professional product.There are dozens of Acid loop libraries , many exceptional , some aweful . But if you have a sound editing package you can pretty much make a library of your own sounds . This package comes with a light version of Sound Forge 6 which makes customizable Acid loops easily . You also get a modest library of samples to start out with.For those who have never played an instrument or written a song , look , nothing will make you a fantastic arranger overnight but you will learn how to make good sounding music just by trying things out . This is a fairly new concept in music , the non-musician as composer and it 's refreshing to see.For the playing musician you can record tracks over the looped samples you 've set up . You can also use VST instruments , for the uninitiated virtual instruments that run in computer memory . They range from free to -LSB- quite a bit highter -RSB- + but even the free VST instruments are of high quality and worth searching for . Some beat expensive commercial software in terms of flexibility and sound quality.So , if you know how to play music and want to get things done in a quick way buy Acid Pro 4 , start making your own loops , it becomes easy to hear others working with library samples , play over your loop based composition and even drag in virtual synths to polish off a mix.Acid Pro 4 also allows Direct X processing and effects plugins which make it possible to go from Acid to CD . You get a good starter set of DX plugins but will still need mastering quality plugins if you want to go from Acid to CD.The con , and it is highly dependent on your needs is the midi implementation and how it interacts with VST instruments . It is confusing and has not become any more intuitive since the upgrade was made available to 3.0 users.In fact , but for the VSTi support there is n't much need to upgrade . If you are new to Acid Pro chances are you wo n't be dissapointed .
 I 've tried FruityLoops , Sonar 3 , And Cakewalk , and Acid Pro has the best mouse-driven interface of them all , for me at least . Laying down tracks , moving them around , tweaking envelopes , and chopping loops are incredibly easy . The right-click function puts all the major actions within easy reach . Also , changing pitch is just a matter of clicking on the loop and hitting the + or - key on the keyboard , and it happens in real-time . All the other sequencers I 've tried put a ton of buttons on the interface , making for a relatively high learning curve , even if you 're familiar with this type of product . Who wants to dig through the manual just to figure out how to split a loop at the cursor?Also , there 's acidplanet.com , where you can create a profile and upload your music to it , listen to other people 's music , and rate them . There 's tons of categories and charts to follow , and it 's all free . I do n't know how they pay for all that bandwidth , but they were recently acquired by Sony -LRB- which is why you 'll see different box art for Acid depending on where you find it -RRB- . Unfortunately , MIDI instrument functionality is * not * intuitive . Acid seems to be more geared to WAV file loops , rather than incorporating your own original instrumentation , though it does support soft synths just fine . If you 're an artist with MIDI hardware looking only to record your own stuff and sequence it , Sonar is a better choice , I think . But for those of us who like a little bit of both , Acid is great.You can check out a demo version on their website , but it has more limitations than simply not letting you save a project . You can only listen to 2 minutes of sequence at a time , and rendered sound files have noise added to them , making them useless beyond personal evaluation -- which is the point , I guess , but they should at least make that clear up front . -LRB- Note
 If you have ever laid in bed at night and wished that you could produce and mix your own music , well you can with this program . I have an older version , and it 's so easy ! You will be making your own music so fast you wont belive that talent you just pulled out of nowhere ! Buy it , you will love it !
 I purchased this software previously and use it often . It has been a real blessing to me . For the small price amount you will not go wrong purchasing it . The Audio Bible Drama is great for the whole family , the Virtual Hymnal is great for the Praise & Worship enthusiast who loves that Old Time Gospel , the Bible Verses program is actually a daily calender with it 's own personal organizer program built right in and the Virtual Holy Land Tour is great for anyone who would love to visit the Holy Land but does ` nt have the resources to do such . This software -LRB- or any other -RRB- could never take the place of actually being there , but it is worth looking at . Again , for the price this software bundle costs , I highly recomend it .
 This is a fabulous tool for teaching your student/child multiplication tools.It is very helpful and easy to use .
 AN EDUCATIONAL COMFORT ZONE FOR KIDS . MY CHILDREN WERE ENCOURAGE BY THIS PRODUCT TO CONTINUE ON AND ON UNTIL THEY GOT A PERFECT SCORE ON THE GAMES . AT THE SAME TIME THEY DO N'T EVEN REALIZE HOW MUCH PRACTICE THEIR GETTING IN ON THEIR MULTIPLICATION SKILLS . I JUST LOVE IT !!
 My daughter went from having difficulty in math to being one of the best in the class . Never had a problem with it crashing . Definitely worth the money -- worked better than a lot of programs that cost more .
 Great games . Wish there were more and that the HandheldCE computers were supported more .
 I love it ! I have n't found other Java development environments with the features , integration , and robustness of VA.The visual composition editor is an engineering piece of work , and `` wiring '' -LRB- connecting visually Java beans properties , events , and methods -RRB- is not only fun , but what I understand component based development should be.Project-oriented organization and the repository simplifies Java classes management , versioning , team sharing , etc. . Smart guides -LRB- wizards -RRB- are simply addictive , going from servlet and JSP development , to Object-to-Relational model building -LRB- either direction -RRB- , EJB support , connectors for MQSeries , SAP R/3 , Lotus Domino , CICS , etc. . I 've found myself writing less and less Java code ... Integrated with other IBM and non-IBM tools , like WebSphere Studio or Rational Rose , and including a WebSphere test environment for servlets , JSP , and EJB testing , it 's the one-stop environment I was looking for.The online help is a * must * until get acquainted with this kind of environments , and VA it 's not an exception . Too much power under the hood to handle it just by trial-and-error ... Anyway , the learning curve is better than reasonable , considering the richness of the tool.Not surprising , I 'm recommending VA Java to anyone serious about Java enterprise development .
 This is the 1st Firewall product I have used , however I did review several others before choosing BlackIce . I purchased this product for home use . The reason I especially like this product is that it logs as much information on the `` intruder '' as possible for future referance . The installation was very easy -LRB- Windows ME -RRB- , as well as Internet updates . I have experienced no problems or conflicts with any of my computer gaming or my LAN . This product is as important as your your Anti-Virus software and it should always be running if you are online .
 This is n't for the average person who wants to slap on a firewall and forget about it , but for the person who really wants to know what is going on ... I also love NIS ; I use themfor different purposes .
 I found it very easy to install and use . Within minutes i was alereted to some ` port probes ' which were listed in detail . very easy to use just install and forget it !
 In the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , news reports about the internet becoming a potential `` terrorist '' target made me concerned that some protection in addition to my anti-virus software might be in order . After some research , I decided that Black Ice Defender would be the preferred product -LRB- over Norton and McAfee firewalls -RRB- . After purchasing and installing it , I no longer believe that users who connect to the internet via a dial-up modem are at any significant risk of having their systems hacked into . In the two weeks since I installed this , most of the probes directed at my connection have been routine ones from my own ISP . If you use a dial-up modem to connect to the internet , RELAX . Save your money or use it to satisfy yourself with some more useful toy .
 This product works as advertised and provides excellent protection . I have had the internet hack sites try to break into my home machine and they fail every time . BlackICE is also configurable to meet almost any requirement . I do not understand the negative reviews as we have numerous machines running the product . I would much rather BlackICE stop a possible attack than let it continue .
 I received a Compaq Presario Notebook last Christmas as present . I began learning how to use it 's various features . I have taken free trials of various internet services such as AOL to see which I would like best . I consider myself a computer novice and it was months before I realized that I needed Anti-Virus protection as well as hacker protection . So far I 've subscribed to McAfee for my AntiVirus . For hacker protection , I downloaded the free basic ZoneAlarm program and then bought the CD software from Black Ice . I find that ZA and Ice work OK together . ZA acts like a doorman and whenever I 'm on the internet and I want to download a free program , ZA always answers the knock and asks me if I will allow admittance . After allowing admittance I have found out that while downloading free programs , my Black Ice Defender will allow downloading but will block attempts by the downloading program to access my files and send back info to its source . I get a free download and my personal computer info stays in my computer and is n't allowed to be sent back for anyone 's scrutiny . I feel that I have a guard at the door and a guard on patrol . I think the combination of the free zone alarm program and Black Ice Defender make for a dynamic duo that can stop hackers in their tracks . I recommend Black Ice as well as Zone Alarm but Black Ice keeps a detail record of all hacker type attempts as well as pointing a finger back to where the attack came from . I realize that one man 's meat is another man 's poison and that there are some computer users that may not like Black Ice . All I can say is that any defense is better than none and Black Ice is tough enough for the job needed .
 This program is very effective and easy to use , especially for the novice computer user , although I think even more advanced users think it 's great . I was really suprised to see how many attacks were initiated on my system in just one hour . I recommend that everyone get this program , you 'll be shocked at what you see going on . Do n't think you can just buy things off the net without many people trying to access your computer . After the first day , I got rid of individual hackers who had computers set up to monitor the web for personal computers . Price wise it 's definately worth the peace of mind .
 I work in a Govt Sector and we find the software Black Ice Defender Efficient Compared to Alarm Zone . We detected Approx about 100 scan were made on our systems thru The ADSL Line -LRB- Digital Line -RRB- Users were trying got access our Confidential Data but could n't get in . We were impressed that the software was actually working , Our Organisation Too writes in-house firewall programs for out system , but this One was really great . This is one software that is good to have around .
 The only reason I do n't give BlackICE a full five stars is because it does n't offer some of the privacy features of personal firewalls such as Norton Personal Firewall -- which provides controls for cookies and ad banners . As some of the reviews have mentioned , during testing some ports were found to be open . This indicates to me these individuals -LRB- Steve Gibson included -RRB- do n't know how to configure the firewall software to achieve the desired level of protection . BlackICE has two features ; a firewall for blocking traffic , a intrusion detection system for catching malicious types of traffic . It does n't contain the application checking that some firewalls do but application checking is easily bypassed by a good backdoor or trojan application . Intrusion detection systems are a little more difficult to bypass . It is possible if you do n't have the latest virus software , and you install an unknown application on your machine , that you could have a trojan resident on your computer . Since BlackICE does n't block outbound traffic the slave software -LRB- trojan -RRB- would communicate with the master server but the intrusion detection system would most likely catch this and warn you of it . If you want a simple firewall use Tiny Firewall . If you want the benefits of a firewall with an intrusion detection capability choose BlackICE . If you are a home user who is concerned about privacy go for Norton Personal Firewall . And , in all cases , keep your firewall , anti-virus software and anti-virus definitions up-to-date .
 I used Black Ice on my WIN 98-2 system and liked it . When I went to WIN XP it was simply a matter of getting the XP updates which work fine -- although I did have to add one line the blackice.ini to get it start automatically which was suggested in the FAQs . As far as program protection goes , all one has to do is let Black Ice profile the computer to see what installed programs are present and that takes care of that . Their support on the question of starting up disabled was responded to quickly and correctly . Some people will crab if their bread is buttered on the wrong side !!!
 I bought BlackIce Defender and im happy with it . It logs all hacks directed at you and logs them . If you want STEALTH this isit !
 I had to respond . One of the previous reviews is incorrect . It states `` but if you get a more involved probe , like a SubSeven probe , BlackIce Defender does n't block it . Instead , it lets the probe happen , then tells you that someone was looking for something but could n't find it . '' That 's not true . If you set BlackIce to `` Cautious '' or above , it does it 's job and blocks just fine . If you leave the protection level set for `` Trusting '' , you 're going to manually have to do what BlackIce does quite nicely automatically . If you do n't like all the blinking notices it gives while it 's running , just exit the client piece , the daemon still runs and does it 's job .
 With DSL , a static IP and extended up-times , I felt it necessary to have some ` protection ' on my machine . After reading all the reviews on Amazon , and the descriptive literature on Black Ice and its competitors , I was inclined to go with Black Ice . When I learned it was also the ` defender of choice ' for my employer , I was pretty convinced . Installation was a snap ; updating via their website is quick and easy ; I have had no anomolous failures -LRB- Win98-based -RRB- of any sort since . The product 's ` Attack ' and ` Traffic ' histories are interesting reading - I seem to be probed by web crawlers pretty frequently . In short
 This software is excellent , easy too install and simple too use . It went to work for me right away and blocked some attacks from web sites that I thought would have been clean . Recommend for everyone on the Internet . *****
 I 've been using different versions of BlackIce for about 3 years now , and I 'm thoroughly satisfied with it , albeit with a couple of mitigatable concerns.The first concern is the system 's defaulted application protection . This should be turned off at all times , as the program will continually spam you with requests to block applications , which include such basic system processes as explorer.exe , rundll.dll , and Windows Media Player . The memory function , which is supposed to help the program learn which programs to block and which to allow , does not work , and never has . Turning this feature off is an absolute must . The other annoying feature , is the yearly subscription this thing requires for its license . I bought the **** thing , let me use it . Fortunately , this is an easy fix.Black Ice does require a good bit of setup , as you 'll have to spend time blocking off ports commonly targetted by hackers , as well as blocking ports and addresses as they are scanned or scan your computer , this does take some time , and I recommend having a second firewall setup while you ` teach ' Black Ice.Without application protection , however , the program runs quickly and smoothly in the task tray , giving you messages on the tray icon for different levels of attack activity . You can also set Black Ice to play a . wav file to alert you . It detects many different types of attacks , such as Subseven port probes , PC Anywhere port probes , syn-ack shenanigans and others , even giving you a rundown of what each attack involves via the web.All in all , I recommend this program , but only for the computer user who is serious about taking the time to protect their data . This program is not for the faint of heart .
 I purchased a copy of Black Ice , on my friend 's recommendation . I am extremely pleased with its operation . It provides effective knowledge of who is trying to mess with my system and it effectively blocks their access.My friend also suggested that I upgrade to 3.5 cbf which acts as Tripwire -LRB- for Linux -RRB- . It keeps track of valid programs and warns users when any other program appears on the scene . I downloaded the upgrade without incident after providing my SW license.Like the other reviewer , I also connect through a modem , but even at that people are out there trying to hack my computer . Because of BI , I know and they ca n't get in .
 I have been using this product for over a year now and its done exactly what it advertises . They make numerous updates in order to keep the technology current -LRB- much like anti-virus ... you have to stay current in order to keep blocking new methods -RRB- . I run it on Windows2000 Workstation , NT Server , Windows 98 and Windows Me and have had no incompatibility problems whatsoever.Overall I would have to recommend this product .
 Attention Zone Alarm Users : Zone Labs just does n't cut it . Their firewall is `` software-based '' ... all it does it tracks your software that uses the internet -- hardly safe.Black ice , however , lives in your PORTS so it knows which traffic is good and bad regardless of what software is requesting the traffic . No annoying messages like Zone Alarm -- just peace of mind .
 I 've been a user of BlackICE Defender for quite some time now . I 've used it for many network sercutiry jobs , and businesses in the past . In true tests I 've proven to different companies the vulnerabilities of BlackICE vs. the competition.One of the problems is that if you plan on buying this product and you belive you can just throw it onto your HDD , you will come up short with your home/office network . This product takes a bit of configuring with different ports and IP addresses . Once you 've done all of this though , you have yourself a VERY good product that will not only block exploit from being run on your computer , it will simply terminate them and erase them in the progress due to it 's application protection option.BlackICE is worth every penny ... if you know what you 're doing with it .
 As for the person with AOL , Black Ice should n't run with AOL . After all , AOL is constantly selling your info . anyway . Only YOU can stop that problem . I have been using Black Ice Defender for over two years now . I think this is the best firewall out there other than using a router to block ports . I have never been hacked and my PC runs 24/7 . It is really easy to use and gives detailed info . on the attacks on your computer . The software even describes what the attacker is attempting to do ! I highly recommend this software . It will prove to be a highly effective tool in keeping unwanted visitors out .
 After reading the warnings from previous reviews I bought this for my daughter and once I got it running , she thoroughly enjoyed it . I did have to update the ActiveX controls or DirectX v. 10 on my PC through Microsoft 's website and I also had to update the video controller for our NVIDIA GeForce 7300 video card through NVIDIA 's website . Once this was done it worked fine - the 3D imaging is nice and the program runs without any delays . My PC needed these updates anyway so be patient if you run into any difficulties during the first attempt at running the program . It 's worth it ! Also , I found it at BestBuy for $ 14.99 !
 This is a really cute game . My 7 year old enjoys playing it . He requires help in reading some of the text . An option to have unknown words pronounced by the computer would be a welcome addition . So far , the biggest drawback is the length of time required to walk to town for supplies , etc. .
 I am 9 years old . I have read most of these reviews and some of the people do not know how to get from bunnies to cats . I had already treated lots bunnies and read ALL the animal books and still did n't get cats . You have to build the cat pen before you can get cats . I have gotten to horses now and I really like this game . We have a brand new computer and I do n't have any problems with the game .
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas . She really likes it . I tried it out myself and spend over an hour playing with it . Time went by so fast . I really liked it myself . Sometiems I couldnt get the women to go where I wanted her to go but my daughter told me if I zoom it in closer it works better . Much fun .
 My daughter is 6 and we both love this game . We have played it for hours . Barbie has a dream of building her own animal hospital in the country , you but furniture and learn how to treat the animals as Barbie becomes a country vet with her own horse she rides in her free hours . We love it !
 O.K. I bought this in the Triple Treat 3-in-1 Version . My daughter who is 8 got frustrated with it at first because it did n't come with an instruction booklet and she did n't take the time to go through the tutorial as she should have . I sat with her and did the tutorial and then we did the first scenario in the easy mode . She then realized how muchc fun the game was . When you click on the video camera to the bottom right the vet moves at ease anywhere you click . Yes , you get rabbits but you then do the 2nd scenario and they add cats after you have learned all about rabbits . There are many advantages to this game where you have to be sure to get to the customers before they leave , eat , rest , learn about animals by reading the books on them , playing with and feeding the animals that have to stay in the hospital , etc. . Your reputation increases if you diagnose animals , decreases if you ca n't . And , from reading another review I find out that if you upgrade and buy a dresser you can change the vets clothes . And , my daughter and I were trying to figure out why the vet could n't sit on the bench and after reading another review found out that a hired helper uses the bench . I have n't done all that 's involve in this game yet but ... get this ... I started the game at 12:00 a.m and stayed up until 4:00 a.m playing it . I love it . Be patient and do n't give up !
 i did n't really like it it was a slowing moving game your basically raising dogs and earning points i thought it was more of a time management type of game like the diner dash type version of an animal hosiptal . i 'm not into slow moving games like that . but i will tell you this the reason why i gave it a full set of stars because even though i do n't like those kind of games is because i did play it and i will tell you i loved the graphics they were so real like and bright and it was cute so i 'm sure for someone who likes those kind of games it is a very good game i can rate based on my experince and i really must say the graphics were excellent the pictures were nice and bright and kinda jumped out at you very lifelike .
 The following review is by Isabella -LRB- 6 yrs -RRB- one of the younger members of Dream Factory . `` your animal friends need tender love and care . play with fuzzy bunnies dogs cats and horses . its up to you to get them on the road to recovery . I really like to take care of all these animals . `` Parental comment ; another in a series of ` Pet Vet ' teach/play computer games . Take care of some adorable animals . Learn about various illnesses and try to cure them . Pretty stimulating stuff for young minds . I think ` Farm Vet and Zoo Vet ' are her favorites .
 The Pet Vet Animal Hospital CD Rom is great ! My niece , who is 7 , loves it . She plays vet all of the time with a vet kit which I made up for her out of real items from our veterinary practice . This game is a great compliment to it .
 Very good game ! I would recommend it even if you have the original pet vet game.The graphics are in 3d , much easier to see than pet vet . You just click where you want the vet to go instead of making the vet walk there using the arrow keys . You can zoom in , scroll camera , or rotate camera . There is 3 game play options ; easy , medium and hard . There is also a scenario mode or free-play mode.There are 6 different animal species , including horses , ponies , dogs , cats , rabbits , and piglets . No guinea pigs in this game , unfortunately . You feed them , play with them , examine them , pet them , and even teach them tricks . There are over 100 animal ailments to treat.You have to maintain the vet 's energy by eating and her fitness level by resting or sleeping often . You can upgrade the hospital or the animal enclosures . You can even buy items like a mini kitchen , stereo system , or TV . You can go to the store to buy medical equipment , toys , books , feed , a female horse , or even hire help.The two things I dislike about this game are you ca n't actually give the animal medicine or buy it ; you just click the button to check-up on animals . Also , time goes by too fast .
 I gave this game to my 7 year old daughter who has always dreamed of being a veternarian when she grows up . She absolutely LOVES this game . I have enjoyed playing it with her . We have to make money to buy feed , enclosures & supplies . She must budget , watch the time , eat , rest and sleep . Also , she has empolyees that help out and the funniest part is when the employee falls asleep on the bench in front of the clinic . When the vet falls asleep time is fast-forwarded and the animals look like they are doing a JIG in the enclosures . My daughter and I think this is just hilarious and laugh every time . This is an interactive game my daughter loves . Now if I could only get her away from it . Very addictive and fun for my 7 year old !
 I have never reviewed a product , but after reading some of the things said about this game -LRB- trying to research answers for some of the problems we were having -RRB- I felt the need to review this to help those considering buying it to better understand and get past some of the complaints of the quick-to-give-up . I began this game with frustration also . Every complaint that I have read I have experienced . But I have the advantage of being married to a computer business owner . :-RRB- First we had upgrades to make , specifically for our video card . We still experience glitches now and then like her sitting beside a chair instead of on it , but the game runs smoothly now without the `` getting stuck '' complaint.The complaint that you only get bunnies -LRB- this took much research -RRB- has turned out to not be a problem either . There are four skills that you will be working on
 I 'm 9 years old and play this game frequently . I love to play it . It 's not frustrating at all and it 's totally exciting with many adorable animals . I did n't like her wardrobe in the beginning but then I bought a dresser and changed her outfit . The Pigs are fun to treat !!!!! They 're smart !! The rabbits are soft and adorable ; having my favorite animal being rabbits . I play this game for at least a half an hour a day and ca n't wait for the next time playing it !!!! Get this game and try it out !! It 's the best !!
 I did have to adjust my graphics acceleration to get the game to run smoothly , but it 's a fantastic game.You get a building with your waiting room , exam room , living room , and bedroom . You build animal pens outside , buy medical equipment , buy books to learn about caring for each species , and need to manage your time to make sure you examine animals , sleep , eat , and for all animals that require a hospital stay you need to feed , care for , play with , and clean up after.It 's a fun and well designed game .
 You get to interact with the animals and have to built up to be able to treat all the animals . I love playing with the animals that stay over night . Must do a good job so that you keep getting more customers . In the end you can have your own horse . Some of the graphic could be better as and different sound bits so they do n't say the same thing over and over . Still a very fun game !
 I did n't think she would like it , but she picked it out and I have to make her stop playing it to go to bed , etc.It sounds boring to me , but she enjoys taking care of the animals , and spending money that she earns.The one thing I do n't like about it is you buy the animal feed and have to wait for it to arrive all the while it keeps telling you that your animal is hungry which worried her to the point of tears . That is frustrating , but I guess it also makes the game more interesting .
 This game is a well structured simulation of an animal hospital . You play as the doctor and examine the animals . Our kids liked testing the animals and then caring for them . Rather than mindless fun , we think the creators were thoughtful and that their goal was to further animal kindness and education about caring for sick animals . There is a business aspect to the game which adds to the fun factor . By being successful in your practice you make money . Then you can go shopping and so on . The graphics are wonderful and we loved the look of the animals . There are a bunch of different breeds for the dogs , cats , rabbits and the little foal is totally killing us with the cute-ness factor . To sum it up , it 's a fun , addictive and educational game that seems to hit all the right spots adding up to a great game .
 Sibelius 2.0 has arrived , and it is the best thing to enter my musical life since my decision to start studying the cello . It is amazing what it can do , and how easy it is to do it . It took no more than a quick perusal of the -LRB- aptly named -RRB- Quick Tour in the manual to get me started most effectively . Though I have found the program so fascinating that on more than one occasion you could have caught me reading the manual in bed , and honestly
 I have been the Director of the Hattiesburg Public Schools Orchestra Program in Mississippi for the last 15 years . Over the years I have experimented with several different music writing and editing programs , usually giving up in frustration at the complexity and time-consuming effort they involved . But Sibelius is a shining star and truly stands alone . My staff and I use this program almost daily , and have found that it is the best and the easiest program we have ever used . It is teacher-friendly and therefore benefits us as teachers as well as our students by allowing us to be creative and letting Sibelius do the rest !! It is the easiest and the best !
 I 've used Sibelius for a couple of years now , having checked out the other music programs around , and I can assure you it 's a truly amazing piece of software . The guys who designed it -LRB- composers themselves , apparently -RRB- have thought of everything . I 've been able to write everything from piano pieces to jazz charts to full orchestral scores really easily -LRB- and I 'm no computer expert -RRB- . Basically I 'd recommend this software to anyone who currently uses manuscript paper - it may be pricey , but I reckon it 's worth every cent -LRB- and so do my friends who 've bought it too , on my recommendation -RRB- .
 Sibelius has been my score writter of choice since I purchased it 18 months ago . As a professional musician , teacher , and copyist , I have found this program invaluable.It is easy to learn and speed increases with many one key shortcuts that are intuitive . Three methods of input , mouse -LRB- slowest -RRB- , keybord -LRB- faster -RRB- , MIDI keyboard -LRB- fastest -RRB- , are available to the user . The program follows all modern conventions in music notation and allows the user to change these as desired . The newest version -LRB- 1.4 -RRB- supports importing scores from Finale , a great help for professional copyists that have scores in that difficult program 's format . It can also import MIDI files and transcribe them to a Sibelius score , and save a file in MIDI format .
 Sibelius is the best music software on the market . Before deciding to purchase Sibelius I investigated many of the notation softwares out there . Despite its hefty price , Sibelius is truly the only software for writing music . It is easy to use and can do practically anything desired . Whether a proficient musician or a novice , Sibelius helps one produce music in an instant . It is simply the best there is !
 I dabble in composing
 I 'm a professional studio musician and composer in Los Angeles and have been using Sibelius for about 3 years . For creating high quality , totally professional looking music and scores , Sibelius is the best . I constantly have other pro musicians come up to me after seeing the charts I 've done in this program , to tell me how incredible they look . I 've even had other copyists tell me they were going to bail on Finale when they 've seen the results I get . There have been many times where Sibelius 's ability to create Graphics , including PDF 's have saved me , and my clients thousands of dollars . Now instead of printing 500 pages of backup copies for a show , I can give the client a CD with PDF 's they can print from any computer , or e-mail anywhere in the world in a second .
 I attend school for musical theatre , and when it came to planning my recital , I needed music in different keys ... and I needed them pronto . My school computer lab uses Finale , and I could not make heads or tails of it after sitting down for 4 hours and getting through the first system . I have always considered myself somewhat computer savvy and have a knack for figuring out programs on my own , so you can imagine how this frustrated me . Then my friend introduced me to Sibelius 2 . First of all , I was able to completely scan in one piece with MINOR corrections on each page -LRB- 1 or 2 per page that took about 3 minutes to fix -RRB- and then I learned the interface for the program the week before my recital jury in which I now have ALL my pieces in the correct keys , with lyrics , marking , etc. . I did this on my own with no manual . DO I reccomend this to everyone ? No , but if you are looking for the simplest , most powerful music software out there ... here it is folks , I have become so adicted that I now plan to fully orchestrate my SENIOR recital . Is the manual big ? Yeah ... do you need to read it ? NO ... use it when you run into something that you ca n't figure out on your own ... other then that ... GO TO IT !!!
 Musical notation is my JOB , and Sibelius is a dream come true.It took me a while to decide where to go after being an Encore power user for so many years , but when I saw Sibelius 2 and was able to get my hands on it for just a few minutes , I fell in love with it immediately , ditched Encore , and put Finale -LRB- where I thought I might end up -RRB- and the others out of my mind entirely . -LRB- I actually have Finale , and I 've had to do jobs on it , but it 's never given back anything but frustration . Now I stress out at the thought of having to use it , and I rarely accept jobs on it because I 'm given plenty of work on Sibelius , and I can get twice as much done . -RRB- Sibelius , the program itself , helped me to make the decision to choose it as my professional choice for musical notation -- copying , transcription , arranging , and composition.Sibelius is competitively priced and worth every penny . It 's created by musicians and composers who understand what music needs to look like on the page . It 's extremely intuitive and easy to use and learn . The Sibelius employees are mostly musicians and music educators who understand your concerns and are eager to help and please . The program has an incredibly fast learning curve if you 're new to it , it 's cross-platformed , and it just keeps getting better.I 'm here , waiting for version 3 , and could n't help but give my opinion about version 2 . Buy it ! It 's unbelieveable ~ !
 From a 13 year old composer/arranger in San Diego
 I 've been using Sibelius in my professional composing and orchestrating work for almost three years . It has changed my work habits in important ways . What was hard labor , done with a mild sense of drudgery has become fun , interactive work . My creativity has been freed-up and my sense of what I can accomplish in a given time has expanded dramatically . It has also availed me of new relationships based on use of the program which been an important boost in my career . I recommend Sibelius to anyone who is serious about upgrading their professional capabilities .
 This product is one of the best designed , most powerful and user-friendly software applications I have ever used . Bar none - in any saftware genre . It is a pleasure to use . If you know how to read and write music , you can start using Sibelius because that is how it is designed . There is hardly any learning curve at all . You do not have to translate your musical knowledge or transform your thinking habits to fit into a new way of doing things . Sibelius is to music notation as Word is to writing . You buy it and you use it . I have used Finale and you can do a lot with it . But it will give you headaches . Some of their programming and interface design decisions make no sense . In fact they are counter-intuitive and counter-musical . I would buy Sibelius over Finale for the layout features and part extraction alone . Again - in Finale these are things that you might be able to do after you have used the program everyday for six months . In Sibelius - from day one.And I must rebut some earlier claims . First of all their tech support is great . Courteous and professional . And it is toll free ! Amen . Also the manual . You will love this manual . Some earlier reviewer said `` manuals '' - plural . Not true . There is one manual and it is exceptionally well written . It is actually fun to read . Yes - I am talking about a software manual . No , I am not insane . Great manual . And they are committed to never ever replacing the manual with electronic help . -LRB- they have electronic help if that is what you like -RRB- The fact that it is used by people like Steve Reich , John Adams , Michael Tilson Thomas , Alf Claussen , Ray Charles , etc. does n't hurt either . And to the previous reviewer - I would hardly call these gentlemen wannabes ! Also Boosey and Hawkes uses it , Oxford University Press uses it , etc. .
 I do n't know what they mean when they say that the platform is `` no operating system '' . I will purchase this from another website because it is not clear what you are getting here . Anyone buying needs to know what platform this software will run on . Other sites list Windows WP , etc. .
 Oxford University Press produced this CD-Rom version of their dictionary , and it is superb ! Installed onto your hard-drive , it is easy for the user to look up their choice of 350,000 words , phrases and definitions . This is a great tool for students , teachers and writers!The dictionary will display on your title bar as a drop down menu . It is actually designed to work as a module with other dictionaries produced in CD-Rom format by Oxford University Press . I use it frequently in combination with The Pop-up Oxford Thesaurus , and recently added The Pop-up Oxford-Hachette French-English dictionary . You can use as few or as many of the dictionaries as you like.With so many countries now participating in the European Union , it is essential for anyone who lives , studies or travels in Europe to be multi-lingual . Increasingly , it is important for American users to learn and use other languages -- particularly Spanish , and there is a dual-language version of this as well . The interlocking dual-language dictionaries produced by Oxford University Press work smoothly on a word document , as well as on a web-page . I have used other dictionary programs , but find that the English dictionary by Oxford is superior to the American Heritage dictionary available on Microsoft 's Bookshelf . The American Heritage contains more slang , has shorter entries and is definitely designed for an American user . The Oxford University Press English dictionary lists both American AND British uses for words , has more definitions and the entries are more specific , with less slang .
 I was very pleasantly surprised by how well this dictionary integrated with all the other software . It does this by appearing as a little search window in the title bar of any software.Most times you can search for a word by simply highlighting it and then double-clicking . When this does n't work , highlight the word and then press cntl-F11 -LRB- you can change the hot-key if you wish -RRB- . Plus , it does all this without consuming a large amount of memory.I highly recommend this dictionary .
 Works just as advertised online or off.It 's one of the most ingenious and useful little products I 've ever installed . I also installed the Selectsoft Oxford pop-up thesaurus
 Despite the fact that you do need to type in the correctly spelled word or the search engine , because it 's not intuitive , wo n't take you to the nearest match , I still find the Oxford dictionary of English very useful . It is practical and always available on the right corner of the screen , if you wish . If not you can minimize it and just click on it whenever you need it.I really like the pop-up that allows you to still be on a word document , a web page or even Messenger and still be able to look for or verify a word without having to minimize you current document . It 's a time-saver . It is 355,000 words and takes very little space on your hard drive . I use it in association with the Oxford Hachette French dictionary and it 's great to type in a word and obtain both its definition -LRB- with examples , phrases and information about its origin -RRB- and translation at once!I am now considering buying the German and Spanish versions . I believe that it is a pretty fun and easy way for me to refresh my knowledge of these languages without too much effort since when you type in a word the system gives you definitions and translations for as many languages as you have installed on your computer and all that in that same little window on the right corner of your screen . It 's multitasking and it 's great !
 Folks , Adobe After Effects is well worth the money they charge . The interface is very powerful and unbeatable . In 5.5 you now can work with basic 3d in a very powerful way , you can work with files from and for the internet , the plugins are insanely powerful , the application is very stable , there are about eight thousand ways to do everything with this extremely intuitive and amazing piece of software . For those who are going to use it as a toy , it may be a bit of an expensive one , so make sure you can afford it . But my whole career -LRB- a not unsuccessful one -RRB- has been built on using this fantastic application . It would have been worth it to spend ten times the price .
 Oxford University Press makes some of the best dictionaries in the world ... and now they are available on CD-Rom ! The Pop-up Oxford-Hachette French Dictionary is the CD-Rom version of the Concise Oxford-Hachette French-English dictionary , with 175,000 words , phrases and definitions . Omitted from the CD-Rom are the sections on French grammar , pronunciation and correspondence , but all of the word entries remain ... ready for your hard drive!This is a fantastic tool for students and translators who write and research on their computers . The program is simple to install and use , and uses up very little memory on your hard drive.Oxford University Press makes dual-language dictionaries for every major European language , for every country participating in the European Union . The CD-Rom versions -LRB- Pop-up -RRB- can be purchased in module form ... You can buy as few or as many as you like , and they interlock and work together as one drop down menu on your title bar ! A terrific idea , especially for those who are frequently corresponding or translating from one language to another!I first purchased the English dictionary and English thesaurus in this series , and recently added the Oxford-Hachette French-English dictionary . I am so thrilled with these , I plan to buy my college-bound niece the English dictionary and English thesaurus for her computer.It is relatively easy to find the English dictionary and thesaurus , the French-English , German-English and Spanish-English dictionaries in North America . If you are interested in other European languages , you might have to pay a bit more or import them , but it will be worth the effort !
 I will get it for my son 's PC but I ca n't find a dictionary like this for Mac . You would think someone would make it . I wish it were easier to search CDs in Amazon by operating system or to link a comment to a product
 Access to this German-American Dictionary is very simple . Yet more , the definitions are complete and give additional information about any given word or phrase that one puts in the space provided . I have found it very helpful .
 I had a really difficult time trying to decide between Macromedia Freehand 10 and Adobe Illustrator 10 . Especially since ZDNet gave a bad review to Freehand , I was really confused.I played around extensively with the demos of both software and this is what I concluded :1 . It all depends on why you need an illustration software . If you are primarily involved with desktop publishing , go with Illustrator because its way more powerful and has really nifty tools . Try imagining a software that includes the features of both Fireworks and Freehand - that 's what Illustrator is .2 . However , if you are involved in web publishing or just want the very basic illustration toolset to work with software like Macromedia 's Fireworks and Flash , get Freehand . Of course , barring the perspective grid , whatever you do in Freehand , you can do in Illustrator but transferring images to Flash is not always painless .3 . The other factor to consider is price . I think Freehand is heavily overpriced and costs almost the same as Illustrator which is ludicruous . If at all possible , get Freehand as part of the Flash and Freehand Studio where the price is more reasonable . Or you can get Xara which is cheap and yet has a great feature-set . Overall , Freehand is a pretty good software with decent features and would sell a lot more if Macromedia was more realistic with its price and target users .
 Freehand 10 is a good program . It 's more simple than Illustrator with just about the same features and tools . It has it share of bugs though . I 'd have given it a lower score if Illustrator was n't its only real competition .
 The title speaks for itself , this is a reliable piece of software that all starting out animators should use . It is user friendly and VERY reliable . I enjoy using it , and I ca n't get enough of it .
 Pretty nice stuff . Illustrator with direct Flash support , but without filters . Illustrator 10 is buggy though . Take your pick .
 Because I have the Oxford Dictionary of English and the Hachette Oxford French Dictionary and love the way they work , I decided to purchase the Oxford Thesaurus of English and I am very glad I did . The list of synonyms given is incredible!It is complete , clear , interesting , and very easy to use . The way every good thesaurus dictionary should be .
 I got it within 10 days from US to Australia . If I need extra one , I will definitely buy it from them . But , this software barely works with Vista . Even I made it 's updates from internet .
 This thesaurus is an excellent tool for the student or writer . It is easy to install and use . Since it installs on your computer , the CD rom is not needed once installation is complete . After installation the double click function can be turned on . To find a synonym , you highlight a word and double click . A pop up window opens which gives multiple meanings of the word and various forms of that word
 As a graduate student working on a thesis , I use this thesaurus constantly , as well as the companion Oxford English software dictionary . Both will be linked together in one pop-up bar that `` docks '' onto your title bar . Together they are extremely useful , and there are various foreign language dictionaries , too , that can be added . You purchase them individually , but then they are designed to link together on your title bar , and work in combination with each other.If you purchase the thesaurus without the dictionary , I imagine that you might get some entries that produce `` no results found . '' It 's also possible that if you are researching a very specialized subject with a specialized vocabulary , you might also find some entries too obscure to produce an entry . For me , I enthusiastically recommend these , and I also purchased them as a gift for a niece entering college.The dictionaries were especially designed for people who must translate frequently between the various European languages , as there is a great need for this with the European Union . If you are doing business with someone in Spain , and must then send on a communication to someone else in Italy , but your native language is English , these dictionaries will work in combination with each other.I find the thesaurus a valuable addition to the other dictionaries that I purchased with this system .
 I use every dictionary and thesaurus I can find to buy . I really love the Oxford Thesaurus and their dictionary also . It rides as a pop-up , meaning when you double click a word Oxford pops-up in the upper right-hand corner of the monitor with your answer . Love it to pieces !
 Since I am a writer , I use the reference daily . It is very convenient online compared to flipping pages through a book which can take up valuable time .
 The only con is that when you install the Thesaurus on your machine , it goes straight to the Start menu , so it loads every time you turn your pc/laptop on , even when you do n't need it . Of course you can fix this . Otherwise , perfect and very thorough in its content .
 Needed a better for my free word processor . the on ethat came with the free word processor was not very useful , most of the words that I wanted to find was not in it . This Axfort Thesairis in English is a blast and was the answer to what I not only wanted but better . Thanks for having it .
 From Writers Guild member Bill Simon , the creator of HollyWord : Dear Fellow Writer , In earlier times , writers used pen and paper - and some still do.When the personal computer came along , writers who could type sent up a cheer . Not only a faster and cleaner way to get a first draft , but we could readily make changes and still finish with a clean draft.But for screenwriters , it was n't so easy - all those margin changes , and retyping the same character names over and over , and the rest . The first screenplay formatters were a help , but they were expensive , complicated , tricky to use , and often maddening.Enter HollyWord - the screenplay formatter for people who do n't want to know about computer complications - people who just want to write.You 'll be up and running in minutes after you get the program . Since HollyWord runs under Microsoft Word , there is much of anything new for you to learn . Install HollyWord , open it , and start writing your script . HollyWord AUTOMATICALLY does all the complicated formatting for you.You just write - HollyWord does the rest.My products all carry an unconditional guarantee . You ca n't lose!Bill Simon
 This is probably the best software in the world , for one reason only . You can easily create other multimedia software with it . Games for kids , adults , presentations for the boss , greeting cards , web based applications . The user interface is a bit difficult to get used to because it has its own programming language . You can click and drag , AVIs , MPGs , JPGs , GIFs , WAVs or any other file to create whatever you want with it . The big downfall about this software is that Macromedia comes out with a different version of the Shockwave studio once every three months ! So you could pay for this , then another will come out !
 I used the previous incarnation of Director when it was still on the Amiga -LRB- a very very long time ago -RRB- and recently , for a new job , I began to work with it as it has been rebuilt now . I was surprised that it was just as easy to use as before , but it was still deep enough that you could really get into it and get some truly amazing and powerful results from it . I would reccomend it to any developer , despite the high pricetag its much more than worth it for the use you will definately get out of it .
 ha ! another great piece of work from the nationally acclaimed company of macromedia ! It rocks ! a little bit expensive , but very much worth it ! you can do ANYTHING !!!!!
 I didnt get all these games when i ordered it but a few came in the pack i got with additional ones -LRB- was probably sent the wrong one -RRB- but I love it and the games that are previewed here that i got are loved as well . my daughter is learning alot from this
 Director 8.5 is the best thing that has happened for a while . It will help me so much on my game making and it is helpful for other stuff like animations . With its new 3D part you are able to import 3D models and use them in your score . With the 3D models you can create easy 3D games . It is worth getting and has changed Director totally . comparing them from the older versions it is alot better and because you can upgrade it from Director 6 to 8.5 it just shows how Macromedia are the best . Thanks everyone who helped to make it .
 My boys 9 & 10 like playing the multiplication games if they win they get to play a cool game that comes up after they win . This CD really keeps their interest .
 I like this program for my below-level 3rd and 4th graders . There are a lot of activities for kids to do , as well as stimulating games that provide `` brain breaks '' for the kids . The program gives good verbal and visual instructions for each activity that make them easy to understand . The program may actually be slightly easy for average achieving 2nd and 3rd graders , though . I was very excited to receive the activity book that was included , but I was slightly dissapointed with the low level of difficulty of the activities . Overall , I would recommend this product for student or kids who need help with phonics skills .
 I have been using an earlier version of this software for a few years . It is superb . I highly recommend it to anybody who is writing reserach paperr or any other documents where source attribution is important .
 I found this version of EndNote significantly improved with PDF files integration , functionalities and the software interface .
 I teach kids on a K-4 level and they all love this game ! Phonics , letter reconision , even ABC order . My students fight over this one . Better for younger students/children just learning to read or with a minimum reading background .
 My 3-year-old son really enjoys this . It 's easy to navigate , colorful and fun . AND it does a nice job of teaching ABC basics .
 We found it to be entertaining and educational for our four-year-old , she loved that Winnie the Pooh was teaching her to count and was delighted with the games.We found that it was simple for her to play with little assistance from us , which gave her a very grown up feeling.We have recomended it to our friends with children in that age group .
 My 3-year-old son loves the Winnie-the-Pooh games . He 's not as big a fan of this one as he is of Pooh 's ABC 's ; it 's a bit `` over-his-head , '' but I 'm sure we 'll get more use of it later on . The Winnie-the-Pooh Preschool game is by FAR his favorite . -LRB- I would also highly recommend it ; VERY entertaining and educational , and that was how he learned to use the mouse . Great skill building activities . -RRB- Any of the Pooh titles would be a good buy .
 This game is an absolute riot ! My 5 year old son and I have had hours and hours of enjoyment from it . A little difficult at first -LRB- it took us about 3 months to get through the entire game the first time -RRB- , we have now honed our judo kicking and charge jumping skills to perfection , and we 're still having fun with it . It 's good clean fun -LRB- you get to beat the bad guys without too much violence -RRB- and a lot of laughs . So help Kuzco -LRB- who has been turned into a llama -RRB- beat the `` scary beyond all reason '' Yzma and her dim sidekick Kronk , so he can find the potion to become human again and reclaim the throne ! Boo-ya !
 I think that tarzan is cool I went on line and found a tarzan demo it is so fun to play . I like to tree surf .
 We picked this title up at a garage sale , and it is now my girl 's favorite . I suspect more sophisticated gamers would scoff , but that is n't where we are at . We 've only had more educational stuff like 3rd grade adventures and some lightweight activity centers like Toy Story . This game is pure fun - surfing down the trees , throwing dirt at animals that have the gall to get in the way , and ` ground pounding ' to break into caves . Aside from start-up difficulties , there was none of this `` Dad , I ca n't get this to work '' so common with kid 's titles.We did have trouble on first trying to use it - the CD insert is simply wrong , and it is not at all obvious how to get to the online help . Deep in the online help you will find the actual keyboard mapping , and things start working much better .
 I think that tarzan is cool I went on line and found a tarzan demo it is so fun to play . I like to tree surf .
 The kids played this game for hours . One of them is 5 and the other is 7 and they did n't need any help form adults .
 I think this is for ages 6-12 . I 'm 36 year and I took one month to finish this game .
 I purchased this game for my two year old son after he just about wore out Winnie the Pooh 's ABC 's . This game is easy for my toddler to navigate by himself , and I can see daily improvements in his mathematical skills.As a parent , I like this game because not only is it fun , but it is educational . My son does n't have a whole lot of games at this point , but I do think that this game , and Winnie the Pooh 's ABCs , are two of the better educational games . They have more interactive activities that challenge your child to use the concepts that the games are trying to teach , and they do so at an age appropriate level .
 Dinosaur is an adventure game , and every time you play you find something new . This is a very fun game based on the movie Dinosaur . It is exciting to play this game because you do n't know what you can do until you see it . In this game there are 14 really fun levels , and I am on 9 !
 I think this is the best game.It is a kind of game that would be for the ages 8 ann up.There is some vilance .
 This game plays like a video game , so the inability to save in between `` checkpoints '' is expected . Virtually all platform games are made this way . As long as you know that this is a video game for the computer , you should n't be disappointed . In fact , the game is really a lot of fun . The age range on the box is 8 years and up , and I believe it . I would n't get this game for children any younger than that because it IS quite challenging . But , for kids 9 + who also enjoyed the movie , this game is exciting .
 This is a great game . I bought it on my last trip to Disneyland . It 's a platform game , such as Crash Bandicoot but you can clearly see the advancements . And you get to play with Stitch and Lilo , each with their own abilities . Once you get used to one character , you get switched , now there 's a challenge.The core of the game is as known , but you also ride vehicles and collect stuff for further use . It 's not only a walk and attack game , it truly takes advantage of the 3D platform . Lilo and Stitch Trouble in Paradise is a great adaptation for PC games .
 I like Lilo & Stich , buti am still wondering what Stich said at the begening of the Moive.My dad dose not like kid moives but Iam surprised that he like it . it was realy good ! : -RRB-
 Really fun challinging game for ages 7 and up . Make sure you have a joystick cause the keyboard key function can be annoying and confusing .
 ... I love the Toy Story 2 Action Game . The graphics are great , very realistic . At four it does n't bother me that I have to use the keyboard to move , jump and shoot , although it would be nicer to use the mouse.This game is always my first choice to play !
 Our boys loved this software . We had just bought the DVD of the movie and this was a nice follow-up to the movie . Both of the boys are pretty good with simple games but our 5 yr old struggled . Our advice is go for it unless you worry about their age .
 the game is contain little toys that unable to jump i cant reach woods and swing is very dufficult and you need 3 token for level 3 i am not jokeing in level 6 you need 10 pizza plant token in level 9 you need 18 pizza plant token in zurg stage need 28 token . help toy and get token i gave 4 stars because i didt seen last level so when i am new in this game if you are new in game write these token number . now about buzz
 this game is very good you can play buzz he is good space ranger did you know what buzz mission is to kill zurg he can be dead in falling from the top of elevator it can be destroyed and save woody from the prospector doll stinky pete in plane which you seen tarmac troble the plane will not fly it will be in ground rotate in the ground it can make your head dizzing so may qukily finsh the level . there are 15 bosses . can i name them .1 = tin robot boss in andys house .2 = zurgs kite boss in andy , s nehibourhood .3 = plane boss in bombs away you need 3 tokens for this level .4 = jack boss in contriction yards .5 = joker boss in allys and gullies .6 = slime man in slime time you need 10 tokens for this level .7 = dinosaur boss in al 's toy barn .8 = imposter buzz in al 's space land .9 = space ship in toy barn encounter you need 18 tokens for this level .10 = spider boss in elevator hop .11 = gunslinger boss in al 's penthouse .12 = evil zurg in evil emperor zurg you need 28 tokens for this level .13 = prospector stinky pete boss in airport infarlition .14 = blacksimith boss in tarmac troble .15 = gunslinger boss , blacksimith boss and stinkey pete in final showdown you need 40 tokens in this level .
 this is a great game.I love.I think the movie is realy good.I would give the movie 5 stars to.I think the game is almost exectle like the movie.Stich is my favorite crarecter and lilo and her sister.I hope all the people who buy this game like it as much as i do ...
 As a parent , I am so pleased that Disney Interactive continues to put outstanding family titles in the stores-and this one is no exception ! With all of the violent and inhuman games out there , it is refresing to know that I can buy a product that is safe for my children-and also clever , and beautifully created!The graphics are beautiful-just like in the movie . The game play is fun and Stitch is just a huge hit in my house ! My kids will surely play this one over and over.The people at Disney Interactive know how to make good family games-thanks Disney !
 `` Lilo & Stitch Hawaiian Adventure '' is a collection of games inspired by Disney 's sweet animated movie . Although Disney recomends the game for kids ages 4-7 , I think some well beyond maybe beyond age 20 will find this tricky . A game at the Luau , for example , took me several tries before I finally won it at the hard level . In it , players have to feed customers , give customers checks , keep Jumba & Pleakley away from Stitch , and keep Stitch calm . Take my word for it , it 's not easy . Another game where players clean Lilo 's house is frustrating even on the `` easy '' level . I still hav n't won this one on the hard level . The best game is one where players help Stitch build alien buildings at a weird looking construction site . It plays like an arcade game , so it 's pretty replay friendly . Also , the animation of Stitch in this game is REALLY cute.One of my main problems with `` Lilo & Stitch Hawaiian Adventure '' is the game 's finale . Inspired by the film 's way cool space chase , players have to help Stitch rescue Lilo from Gantu . While the first part of this game is fun and tricky , the two levels that follow are too easy and slow . That 's disapointing seeing how this was a great idea for an arcade game.Another problem
 With every animated hit , Disney gets a series of video games based on that film . There 's the action for kids -LRB- PC 's Trouble in Paradise -RRB- ; there 's the action for teens -LRB- PS2 's Experiment 626 -RRB- and there 's the kids puzzle games . This one.It 's quite a good program , the puzzles are quite easy but they 're really original , not your classic Microsoft puzzles . The graphics are awsome , with the watercolor backgrounds that look great on the PC and of course the great characters that are spread throughout the game.One different thing about the L&S Hawaiian Adventure is that it has a progress . You do n't only advance in difficulty but you start gathering objects by fulfilling the puzzles and then comes a grand finale whith a major puzzle.I truly recommend it !
 Our 41/2 year old loves it but it has some difficult parts even in the easy . I still cann ' t pass the `` clean the room '' part even on the easy level . She gets fustrated at times but it also keeps her entertained . The diner is challenging and although she always looses along the way she is very entertained . I like it because some games are hard and others are good for her now so I think she will grow with it . With 7 games it is easy to switch from game to game by clicking a shell so you do n't have to stay at one game until you pass . My husband likes playing the hard parts and sometimes wo n't give it back to her -LRB- smile ! -RRB- .
 ok , i got ta be honest its sooo easy but its fun while it lasts . you can play over and over and it would still seem intresting . you get ride your bike and have to follow the driving rules . but the rest of the games are pretty original and simple . like when you have to serve the guests , thats pretty hard but other than that its too easy its still a good game for a 6 or 7 year old but not for a 12 year old like me . hehehehehe : - -RRB-
 Thank you Disney Interactive , for continuing to put out quality family games . It is so difficult to find decent games for my family , but Lilo and Stitch is a big hit in my house . The games were fun , the art was beautiful and the characters were exactly like in the movie-helping us remember our favorite moments in the movie.In this day when it is so hard to find any games that are safe and fun , Disney continues to come up with clever and family-oriented games for everyone.Thanks Disney Interactive !
 If your child is into the daily Pooh show on the Disney channel , he/she will enjoy this game . As with all the other Pooh software , this is entertaining and educational . My son loves it.With that said , I will also say that the game does not run properly on my son 's PC . This machine is pretty new , and its components meet or exceed the game 's requirements . The game runs slow , and the sound comes out in an `` echo '' fashion . The game works just great on my PC though!Both myself and my son were a bit disappointed that it did not work as all his other software does .
 I bought this for my 31/2 yr old granddaughter . It is wonderful for the young toddler . She can manuever through all the books and games by herself . All I have to do it put the CD in the computer.We run in it on both Windows XP and Vista -LRB- 64bit -RRB- and have not had a problem with either . I would highly recommend this software for very young children . It is entertaining and extremely easy to navigate .
 I am a writer who works at home and I needed a good `` word '' program to prepare manuscripts for the designer . I chose this one because I hoped it would be easy to use and it is . It does everything I need it to do and I am very satisfied with it .
 I use Mac OS X at home but must use Windows at school . I have really enjoyed having MS Office on my home -LRB- Mac -RRB- computer , as this enables me to do school work at home and on my preferred OS . If I 'm working on a file at school , I can e-mail it to myself at home and continue to work on it at home and then e-mail it back to school . As of yet , I have encountered no issues of compatibility .
 Microsoft Office for Mac is a great product and it 's actually needed . I think it should be pre-installed on the computers instead of appleworks or pages . If your ' e a student or you conduct business on your macintosh you 're gon na need office for mac to communicate efficiently with the majority of computer users who use the windows operating systems simple as that . I purchased it mainly for word and if you 've used the windows version of word you should have no problems using it for mac . I also used Powerpoint to create a presentation for my job , superb .
 After surveying the 0ffice 2008 and 2011 for MAC reviews on the internet , i realized that this old 2004 version works great on my new Macbook PRO with Snow Leopard . I used it to make a Power point presentation and it was completely available to my colleague , the PC user -- that 's all i need so i am keeping this !
 Works fine for my purposes , which is to open email attachments . There is a mild delay as it converts the 2004 to the updated version in which any new stuff is written , which might annoy heavy users , but technically the process is smooth.I like having Word on my Mac.Lisa Taylor
 I went back to Office 2004 for Mac after purchasing Office 2008 for Mac when I found out that Excel 2008 does not support visual basic and visual basic macros . I use VB macros in my spreadsheets all the time and could not live without them . So , if you use VB in your spreadsheets , this is the product for you .
 First off , I would like to say that Microsoft did an outstanding job on Office for Mac , something that most people are n't used to hearing . There are so many improvements from previous versions , including faster speeds , smoother integration , and excellent compatibility with windows version 95 and up , just to name a few . Not to mention the beautiful design of the templates of all the included applications . Word , excel , powerpoint , and entourage look , feel , and perform like Apple 's applications , which is a very good thing , with the added bonus of having the tools of microsoft office 's programs.I use Office for Mac especially for research papers and homework . With the portability of my Apple iBook laptop , i ca n't help but do online research wirelessly for my essays . Then I just use Word to type out and organize them . THIS COULD N'T BE EASIER ! Because our printer is hooked up to the main computer in my house -LRB- windows-based -RRB- , I just simply e-mail my word-processed essays to the main computer -LRB- a pc -RRB- and voila ! My essay is automatically converted as soon as I open the document , fully compatible ! Then it 's just as simple as printing it out and your done!Overall , I am so pleased with my purchase , I recommend this item to all of my friends and family and definetly recommend this to you . This is a must have upgrade for your Mac and it is worth every penny !
 only downside of the software is that it takes up a lot of memory and if running Powerpoint , it may close and autorecover . If you are using a Powerbook or iBook , I suggest upgrading your system 's memory first . An additional 256mb or 512mb costs approximately $ 50 and $ 100 respectfully .
 The programs -LRB- Word , Excel , Entourage -RRB- take a bit to get used to ... mainly because of the layout . If you are a `` new '' Mac user like I was coming from a Windows based platform ... everything takes time to get used to . All of the shortcuts that are on the Windows version of Office are the same on the Mac version . Moreover , once you get used to using it ... you 'll notice it 's laid out so nicely . Graphics are nice and most importantly the projects you create are compatible w / other Office -LRB- Windows -RRB- programs.So glad to see that MS took the time to create a `` suite '' of programs that are compatible for Macs .
 I do n't have any of the problems noted by the other reviewer . - Changing the fonts in HTML message works fine . - Not opening pictures and attachments can be changed in preferences . However , for security reasons , opening pictures automatically will only work if sender is in address book . - I do n't need to re-enter my password to send/check email . It must be a problem with the other user 's keychain settings . - Creating a new folder instead of replacing the one from the previous version is probably the safest way to go so that you do n't lose stuff if something goes wrong .
 Microsoft Office For Mac , Student-Teacher version , is a fine product -- and I do n't say that lightly , for I am a MAC fanatic . The one drawback is that there are no upgrades allowed for the student-teacher version . When a person is on a limited income because of retirement or disability , the price of the standard version of Office is too daunting to contend with . However , aside from that one drawback -- no upgrades -- I recommend this software product highly .
 it was very easy installing this program , and I was happy to pay less for the 3 microsoft programs that I needs , rather than pay more and get other things that I do n't need . Using microsoft on mac has been much easier than I thought .
 I love my mac , but as a student , I need my projects to be compatible with other students who are using PCs . I can email documents to classmates or professors and collaborate in group work without any problem . The features on Office for Mac are great . I 've especially enjoyed Word 's notebook format for my notes in class . It makes headings and subheadings super easy to format
 I have the trial vesion on my computer right now . I have to admit that the only problem with it is that it does often do things you do n't want it to do , but only if you pull up a file that was originally from the PC version . For some reason Macs have a little trouble reading original PC files , fixing it is no problem however . Besides that , the program is almost as neccessary as it is convenient . As the only college student -LRB- or at least one of the very very priveleged few -RRB- with a MAC laptop , typing papers on Appleworks is a son of a gun because it ca n't be reformatted in Microsoft Office . Which is awful because I do n't have a printer and all the University 's computers are PC which means I have to email papers to myself and then copy-paste into Microsoft Works and reformat the THE WHOLE THING.With M.O. for Macs I can save papers to my jump drive and bring it up again on a PC without a single problem . Another cool thing about M.O. for Macs is that it gives you more options -LRB- which is probably due to the massive ram that Macs have standard -RRB- , more fonts , more colors , -LRB- superior -RRB- templates , and things things like that.It is also as easy -LRB- or easier -RRB- as using a PC . Instead of an upper tool box , it has a lovely cascading tool box on the side that shows what each option does instead of just saying it .
 I bought this upgrade mostly for its improvements to `` Track Changes '' and its improved handling of Unicode vis a vis Office X . The other changes and improvements have n't been so important to me , though there are a few nice features in here . One thing that is very important to me in my work is the abilty to easily exchange -LRB- mostly Word -RRB- files with Windows machines . This version is better than Office X in that regard.Some other reviewers have reported crash problems . I have n't had that -LRB- it was a minor problem for me in Office X , and this version is definitely working better -RRB- , though sometimes Word or Excel wo n't quit when I want it to , and I have to resort to `` Force Quit '' . But that 's easy enough to do . I have n't lost any data using these programs -LRB- touch wood -RRB- . I might note that I have 1MB of RAM on my G4 machine . With a memory hog like this , more RAM is going to help avoid crashes and other such problems.One last note - a number of reviewers have gone off on anti-Microsoft rants which seem to me to be somewhat pointless , especially in the context of these reviews . Yes , there are a number of other office suties -LRB- and the various components -RRB- for the Mac . Some of them are pretty good . But for a lot of people , it 's important to be able to share files seamlessly with people using Word , Excel , and Powerpoint on Windows machines . This software will let you do that , with only the occasional hassle .
 This is a FULL version of the Microsoft Office suite , which is a good thing all by itself . The advantage of the Mac version , though , are the 3 licenses that come with it . This is fantastic - it allows you to install the package on 3 different Macs legally . So , if you have more than one computer in the house -LRB- and a lot of us do , now -RRB- , you can have a copy on your desktop G4 or G5 , one on your iBook or PowerBook , etc.All the bells and whistles are included , so if you are experienced with the functions of Office X , this will be a brainless migration for you.It is missing some abilities to translate some files though , which is true of the professional versions as well . It does not handle AppleWorks , OpenOffice , or even MSWorks files very well . This can be a problem if your school is standardized on products other than Microsoft . Of course , this is a common issue with MS suite - to which they always answer `` Then you should standardize on Microsoft ... '' Typical .
 This would be a five-star review but it 's not universal binary yet.Otherwise a great improvement over Office X. And the latest update allows real-time sync-ing with iCal and Address Book . That means that , since you can have Office 2004 on up to three of your Macs , you can use iSync to keep not only Entourage calendars and contacts but iCal and Address Book synced on all your Macs -LRB- and iPod too . -RRB- The Notebook note taking format is great for outlining as well as note taking.Entourage 2004 has an improved spam filter , much improved over Entourage X , which was so weak I switched to Apple Mail . Now I 'm back with Entourage.Word offers a preview pane much like the one in Apple Pages.Word also offers a print preview for all pages in the Print dialog.I do n't use Excel much except for course grade sheets but it is now easier to control the print layout.Even though I do n't use all the features , I very much appreciate the new ones.And the price for the Student-Teacher edition makes it a real value .
 This provides a seamless connection between my Windows XP Office and my IMac . It is great .
 As I was used to Microsoft & Word , especially , it helps to have it installed on my Mac .
 This product Microsoft student and teacher edition 2004 for Mac is very easy to use . It is organized with more options and it is not complicated like microsoft office for windows . What makes it even more nice is that there are more for you to do . I think Steve Jobs did a good job on this one . If anyone one of you people have a Mac then I highly recommend this one .
 I ound this product all is was slated to be . I run it on a MacBookPro and the combination is excellent . I would buy both it again if needed .
 Basically , this is very much like the PC version except that Outlook is Entourage . I happen to be a teacher so I always purchase this version of MS Office rather than the higher priced option . Most everyone qualifies for this software because most everyone is a teacher or a student .
 I went looking for an Office upgrade . Hands down , Amazon had exactly what I needed and the price could n't be beat , especially with shipping .
 great product ... no problems . . easy to use . . i just needed `` WORD '' and POWERPOINT for school but the rest of the software package comes in handy as well ...
 All the stuff you have to have from Microsoft , but it actually works ! Word does n't crash and you can go back and forth from MAC to PC and back again seamlessly . A must-have for Mac folks who have to deal with a PC world .
 it was easy to install , and seems to be working great ! very happy with the shipping , as well .
 This software has made my life so much easier since most of the world uses Office Products . I am so glad I made this purchase !
 Office on my mac works just like any other place I have used it in the past . Includes Entourage , the email system , which has been pretty superfluous for me . In general , if you need Word to be compatible with others , this product will do the job .
 Microsoft Office S&T ; Edition was just the size that I needed to run my computerand do the task in my everyday life . I like things simple and Office S&T ; is veryuser friendly . Thank you so much .
 For under $ 150 , this mac office package is a great value for the four programs included .
 I already used this on my school 's laptop . This has all the bells and whistles as the regular version , but at a MUCH more affordable price . I love the fact that it comes with 3 site licenses . I was able to let my brother load it on his new laptop , too .
 Looks phenomenal on my macbook and I really love using the different programs for work as well as university studies . Great product !
 I 've heard mixed reviews on Office for Mac . As a new iMac owner , I am happy to have a familiar Microsoft product to ease the transition . I have n't had any issues yet . Performance seems just as fast as on my PC at work . It 's taking awhile to get used to the formatting palettes , particularly on Powerpoint , but that 's not a big issue .
 The Microsoft Office suite for Mac works well enough . The main thing is that it is fully-compatible with the PC version , which makes transferring and sharing documents very easy . It runs sluggishly on the new Intel-based Macs , but it runs well enough . Looking forward to Office 2008 , which will be a Universal Binary version .
 Office continues to be a good product from MS. I 'm new to Mac 's and Office is doing it 's job .
 Office 2004 for Mac is basically the same as the PC verison , except its design is more refined and user friendly.The toolbars are essentially little pop up windows that allow you to perform tasks via expandable tabs . This makes adding objects , formatting text , inserting tables , whatever your task at hand , very simple in an always open menu with all the fixins.This is usually point in the review where I would advise to wait for the new 2008 release of Office for MAC , but thanks to Apple 's adoration of its customers , you can buy this version and upgrade to the new version when it comes out in March of 2008 for a small shipping and handling charge!You ca n't go wrong !
 I just switched to a Mac and this was my first software purchase . Coming from Windows and Office 2003 , I expected the Office 2004 for Mac to be rather similar , but it is not as much so as I thought it would be . The user interface is somewhat more of a `` Mac '' like , a clear emphasis on usability and , occasionally , flashy interface is evident . I missed few features that Office 2003 for Windows offered , like the send messages using Outlook at a scheduled time -LRB- vs. on next send-receive in Entourage -RRB- , and some of the add-ons that Outlook 2003 had , like the automatic backup feature -LRB- I did not find any similar add-on for the Entourage although a manual `` export '' function exists -RRB- . Also , a read-receipt is not readily available as a feature although there seems to be a less straightforward way to add it -LRB- I gathered that Entourage does not allow a read receipt to be sent when it is on the receiving end -RRB- . Overall , after a month of working mainly with Entourage and Word , I do like the interface somewhat better than Office 2003 . It took some getting used to but this was not very taxing . I worked less with Power Point and Excel and did not have major complaints .
 I love this product . In my office we all use Windows , but at home , I 'm a MAC guy . This lets me work seamlessly on documents from the office . It 's been a great product , and I have already pre-paid for the next addition .
 Works as advertised . No features that the average user would miss . Opens Mac & PC files flawlessly on Macbook Pro with OS 10.4 . Should also be upgradeable to offfice 2008 .
 When I changed to a MAC I was n't sure if all my files , etc. could be converted to the OS X operating system . However , Office For MAC was just like the PC version . I had no trouble whatsoever changing over my files and continuing my work with no interruptions . I highly recommend this version for people changing over to the MAC .
 Ths version is very easy to use and compatible with all of our old Word and other MS documents .
 Amazon offers the best price for a program that every student needs . Surprisingly quick shipping too !
 This product is great for mac users that want the same great word processing that is avaiable on windows macines .
 this package is great . it 's got everything i need for school , work and home . it 's way better than the pages program that comes with the new macs .
 These tools are very well done and incredibly useful . I really like the Entourage . It filters spam like a pro . That alone is worth the cost to me . Seamless install on iMac . The only real annoyance is it immediately downloads a gigantic `` update '' .
 I love this ! I have been a Mac convert and even though I `` never wanted to look back , '' I still did because Apple 's iWork -LRB- Pages and Keynote -RRB- were not my cup of tea and were heavily limited . MS Office for Mac was the answer to my prayers ! I grew up using MS Office and I have n't found a better word processing/computing programs than these . MS Word , Excel , PPT , and Entourage completed my school computing needs while I enjoy the reliability and hassle-free use of my Mac . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.I had my cake and ate it too .
 So far this has been a good product and I have had no issues with it . Not a big fan of the email program but it does work . -LRB- I just do n't use it -RRB-
 It came within 2 days and was everything I ever dreamed of . The programs and installations are amazing for my MacBook .
 This is my only concession to microsoft . All of my colleagues have PCs and they use Office for documents . My Mac is wonderful , and this microsoft product is the only thing that tends to act up now and again . It is just a bit different from the Windows version , so I had to play around with it a bit . But reality dictates the computer market and so this microsoft program is on my Mac .
 Took a very long to to arrive but it works . came packaged and easy to load . I think it came by camel riding a turtle . lol
 Great deal for the price and older version , this product came quick and very clean . Very happy with the vendor .
 Microsoft Office 2004 for Mac is an old version , but works superbly . My computer still had appleworks which takes a different mindset to work efficiently . The WORD software in MO 2004 is basic and handles every situation I have to deal with . And the price is right ...
 I use it on windows , I use it on Mac - no real difference - love it . Recommend it . period .
 This was just what was recommended and what I needed the service was excellent
 Now I am able to use all my PC based Office files on the OSX . Way better than the office 2003 I was using . Very intuitive interface . What I really like also , I can load it up in three machines for the same price . Three separate serial numbers were supplied .
 I bought this product not out of love for Microsoft Office , but to be able to use my new home Mac without compatibility issues with my work computer . I actually like using this version better than the Windows version , though it took some getting used to .
 I love Office for Mac , and I could n't work without it . I have a MacBook , and it runs quite well on my Mac . I have absolutely no complaints about Office for Mac . I have no issues going back and forth between Windows and Mac Office , so it 's great when I need to use a PC to write a document , and continue working on my MacI have also used Apple 's iWork , and I much prefer Office : Mac , however , I have been using Office for Mac since Office 98 , so I am used to the way Office works .
 This program has been a workhorse for me for the past three years . The price was too good to pass up with two students in the house . The updates have been timely and I am looking forward to the 2008 edition .
 I just did a simple upgrade of Office X to Office 2004 . Easy , straightforward , no problems . I like it . But my real reason for buying was the free Microsoft Office 2008 Special Media Edition . My order with the $ 6.99 shipping fee was sent today . I 'm looking forward to Office 2008 , but having Office 2004 will make it an easy wait . In any case , preferences are being set and tested . They will transfer automatically to 2008 .
 I love using this program . It has so many useful properties and is very easy to use .
 cant wait until other programs start writing more for MAC
 As a graduate student who has recently switched from PC to Mac , I was pleased with the smooth transition into this edition of Office and the price was much more reasonable than the other versions !
 Overall its a pretty good program . I always used it on my PC so I just had to get it for the mac . Biggest issue is that I still have not been able to find how to change the document size in Word . Also when going from Mac to PC fonts do not seem to stay . Glad I purchased it though , Powerpoint has beautiful design I honestly do n't use the other two programs so cant say much about them .
 With Microsoft Operating Systems I have been less than thrilled and I 've been less than thrilled with Microsoft Office for the Windows Platform and though Microsoft Office for Mac still has a few issues here and there , it is a strong performer and I find it 's interface and usage much better than on the Windows Platform . The Student Teacher Edition of Microsoft Office for Macintosh is a solid performer and I now have it on each of my computers . It 's not perfect but it 's a darn good product . I recommend it for fellow Mac Users .
 Takes a little getting use to but it is a great program . .
 works very well in the mac format with no problems switching between windows and apple applications
 This is a great product . It works just like the version for Windows . It is very easy to use . I would recommend buying this product for every Mac user .
 Once you become familiar with it the program is easier to use , especially embedding pics and graphics . Windows could take a few tips from the MAC program . -LRB- I know . I use both . -RRB-
 As with almost any product with my Mac , this version is much easier and intuitive than its Windows brethren . The updates are so much easier in this version , and the `` notebook '' feature really is cool . This year I have given up paper notebooks and use this feature everyday in class . It even has an option to record the lectures !
 Just got a Mac and was so worried about converting files from Word . With Parallels and Word for the Mac there is no conversion on my part . It works very nicely . I 'm looking forward to the free update which should be very soon .
 I 'm no computer whiz , but while others may miss some features available on other software packages I think the value on the student edition can not be denied .
 Anyone who has ever had a computer crash and LOST his or her software will know how frustrated I was when my iMac -LRB- OS9 -RRB- crashed and I not only lost my Words 5.2 program , but I also lost my precious PageMaker . I knew that PM like the back of my hand and could make it do everything but `` sing '' for me . I even did all the typesetting and lay-out of my own newspaper with PM ... and made the fanciest , most professional brochures , business cards , flyers , bookmarks , Christmas cards , etc.With the crash , I had to buy a new computer ; since I had been using Apple computers since 1984 , I decided on another Mac -- iMac OS10 . The promotion indicated it could use OS9 software also , but I never could get those programs to work with it . So there I was -- writing novels with NO Words program and NO PageMaker -LRB- or its equivalent -RRB- for the promotional aspects of the writing business . In fact , in the meantime , `` InDesign '' became the new industry standard , making PageMaker relatively obsolete.By the time I purchased the new computer , I could not afford to buy a Words program and/or InDesign , so I had to wait to get new typesetting and graphic programs.I got by with a simple TextEdit program which came with the new iMac , but could n't send my novel manuscripts via InterNet to publishers . The manuscripts submitted to publishers must be in RTF format in order for them to be compatible with all computers , so I was very limited.Around that same time , my grandson Johnny was taking computer courses at school , so I qualified for this Student-and-Teacher version which is more economical than the non-student version and was a better fit for my budget.I could n't be happier with it -- and Johnny 's tickled pink!Although I do n't use the Excel portion of Office 2004 for Mac , the Words program has been superb ... the best version I 've ever used . And although PowerPoint is n't as great for my purposes as PageMaker had been , I no longer publish my newspaper , so it gets me through the things I need to do.I 've had no problems whatsoever and I 've been using it for over a year . I 'm delighted to have WORDS back . It 's like having a reunion with a long-lost friend . I ca n't live without it !
 I upgraded from the earlier version of MS Office for Mac . The student and teacher edition has full , unabridged versions of the 3 basic software packages that I use most -- MS Word , Excel , Powerpoint . Many of the other reviewers of this product complained that it made their Macs `` crash , '' like having a little bit of Microsoft `` trailer trash '' software polluting your otherwise pristine Mac system , but I have n't had that problem -- not even one crash on my Mac Pro -LRB- Intel -RRB- system . I wonder if the crash problems are related to insufficient RAM -LRB- I have a lot -RRB- ? Or maybe this package does n't work as well on a non-Intel Mac ? I dunno , but I have n't had any issues and recommend it highly . Also , Microsoft is offering the upgrade to the 2008 version for only $ 10 additional.I decided to upgrade after using the `` free trial '' installed on my Mac when I bought it from Apple . I have used the previous version -LRB- Microsoft Office for Mac -RRB- for years , so it was easy for me to see what a huge improvement this was . There are some features , like moving tools that used to be in the toolbar to a separate `` pallette '' , and the screen-feel and workflow are VERY different from the latest Windows version , which I use at work , but the upgrade is a very good one and it 's worth going through the learning curve.I 've used plenty of other word processing software through the years , and I still llike Word the best , and this is the best version of Word I 've ever seen . By the way , I think that the Mac `` Pages '' software is also very good , and is probably my second choice overall . But this is better.They say that a broken clock is still right twice a day , and I think the analogy holds with Microsoft . This is a VERY GOOD software package , runs flawlessly on my Intel Mac , and is probably the state-of-the-art for what it does . I recommend it without reservation .
 After using it for about 3 weeks , I can say that the Word program does not open a file as quickly as on a Windows operating system . I can live with that because Mac is a much better OS . I have used Excel Mac a few times with no complaints so far . I would buy again or upgrade to the full Office for Mac version .
 I have been a PC and MS Office user for many editions . When I recently bought a Macbook , I debated buying MS Office for Mac and partitioned my harddrive to accommodate my Windows software . Then I saw a rebate posted at Amazon and decided to buy the software for the Macbook . This Office is fantastic ! I had a seemless transition with my previous documents and spreadsheets and this version is MacElegant ! I recommend !
 I 'm a long time Windows user who switched to the Mac . I need a good spreadsheet , and thus got Office . I 've tried Apple Pages , but I think Word is better . Keynote maybe better than Powerpoint though .
 Just switched from a PC and I am totally enjoying these two Microsoft products for a Mac .
 easy to install , good interface with mac
 I have the trial vesion on my computer right now . I have to admit that the only problem with it is that it does often do things you do n't want it to do , but only if you pull up a file that was originally from the PC version . For some reason Macs have a little trouble reading original PC files , fixing it is no problem however . Besides that , the program is almost as neccessary as it is convenient . As the only college student -LRB- or at least one of the very very priveleged few -RRB- with a MAC laptop , typing papers on Appleworks is a son of a gun because it ca n't be reformatted in Microsoft Office . Which is awful because I do n't have a printer and all the University 's computers are PC which means I have to email papers to myself and then copy-paste into Microsoft Works and reformat the THE WHOLE THING.With M.O. for Macs I can save papers to my jump drive and bring it up again on a PC without a single problem . Another cool thing about M.O. for Macs is that it gives you more options -LRB- which is probably due to the massive ram that Macs have standard -RRB- , more fonts , more colors , -LRB- superior -RRB- templates , and things things like that.It is also as easy -LRB- or easier -RRB- as using a PC . Instead of an upper tool box , it has a lovely cascading tool box on the side that shows what each option does instead of just saying it .
 I am/have been a long time PC user and used Microsoft PC based applications extensively with variable results . Having recently dipped my toe into the Mac world I needed to obtain the MS Office application for Word , Excel and Powerpoint applications that I could shuttle back and forth to work where we are mired in PC 's . I was really surprised at the commonality of the MS Office applications bewteen the two operating systems and the seamless interoperability of the files . The stability of the applications on the Mac platform is excellent and have yet -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- to have one of the applications crash or hang . Overall I would highly recommend the Mac MS Office application due to it 's interoperabilty , fast learning curve and unparalleled stability .
 I am using a new G4 Powerbook , 1.33 GHz clock , 256 MB RAM , and with no simultaneous applications running except for Office 2004 I experience the following : Word 2004 Mac -LRB- version 11.1 -RRB- is sometimes very slow to perform certain functions
 Based on the new features listed by Microsoft , I could n't see a reason to justify the expense of the upgrade since I already had Office X for Mac . I ended up getting it recently anyway and WOW - it is amazing . MS 's advertising does not do justice to the new features - whether you use it on a PC or a Mac . First of all , it looks better - that may not seem important but I have to admit , I did appreciate the new sleeker look of the programs . But most importantly , it 's new features are really worth the upgrade . The new Notebook layout in Word finally combines all the benefits of the old-fashioned paper notebooks and tabs with the power of computer word processing . Audio notes are amazing and quick . It 's unbelievably easy to create and install charts and graphs with Insert-Object-MicrosoftCharts . Excel can do statistical analysis . Entourage can really integrate projects across all the MS applications with the new Project feature . It 's impossible to explain in detail all the features . Word was unparalled as a WP program even before this upgrade and now it 's even better and all of MS Office is better .
 This software is great since I moved to Mac in My professional career . Now the only IF 'S and buts I can tell u are the following :1 . PowerPoint files are not always transparent -LRB- u need to copy the entire presentation sometimes and recopy it only in the Mac side -RRB- 2 . Entourage
 Microsoft Office is the software of choice for teachers and students at my school . I teach students as young as second grade to use Word and PowerPoint . We urge Microsoft to continue providing Office for Macintosh .
 Pros . Better iterface setup than Windos version , easy to use , and alot for the moneyCons . No Microsost accessI 'm over all satisfied with this product . Amazon did it 's magic and got me the program on time and at a reasonable price . It 's the same thing as Microsoft Office Standard , so do n't let it 's title scare you since it sound like a trimed up version / .
 I think this is a great buy ! No need to spend over $ 300 for the other versions . Also , the program , created by microsoft , is 100 times better on a Mac ! No complaints ...
 If you must rely on Microsoft , use it on a Mac . I do n't get crashes , I don ' t get an hourglass , I do n't hear any disks spinning non stop inside my rig . I 'm a life long PC guy but I 've recently started using Mac and it 's pretty sweet . Word is set up better in the Mac version than PC .
 Office for Mac seems to work OK , I have n't used it very much as yet . However , I feel sure it will meet my needs .
 great product - easy to install - easy to use on my Apple - I love it . Thanks
 Microsoft Office 98 for Macintosh was a better `` Office '' than the Windows version . This one is holding that edge . I 've noticed some small but useful tweaks .
 I do n't use it much and when I do I use Word , but so far so good .
 Works great . Microsoft Office files in Word , PowerPoint and Excel are fully compatible with Windows version . I highly recommend it .
 Documents , . ppt & spreadsheets done with Office for Mac transfer easily -LRB- and readable -RRB- to PC . Can use my Mac and not worry about incompatibility .
 I was not aware of this until I got the package delivered . It seems an omission in the product description but for the price you pay you get the keys to use the product in up to 3 computers , which makes this a fairly good deal if you want to bring up to date the versions of Office running in different computers at home .
 MS Office for Mac has almost removed all education requirements for its 2004 student edition . Now you only have to claim to live with an educator/student and they do n't check . 2007 edition replaces 2004 , but this still works just fine .
 It turns out that Word for Mac is just as good if not better than Word for windows . Maybe this is just becasue i like the mac OS more ... Amazon had the best deal i could find because of the rebate .
 Office 2004 for mac is a much better version than his brother , Office for Windows . Is hard to believe that Microsoft actually know how to create a program that actually works ... LOL !!!! Nikko
 For those who do n't need the full MS Office suite , this Student-Teacher version ca n't be beat . Even with this `` light '' edition you can still produce professional-looking docuements and presentations . It 's a great buy !
 I balked at buying this for our new Mac at first because I did n't want to spend any more than I had already put into the new computer , but this purchase was well worth the money . I 'm a full time student and use word docs regularly - OfficeMac is simple to use - have n't had any problems so far . Also - Amazon 's price was $ 25 cheaper than what I would have paid at Best Buy -LRB- only mac dealer in my area -RRB- - so double score !
 I have been using Microsoft Word for years , and have recently made the switch from PC to a Mac . For me , Word is easy to use and so familiar . I am still acquainting myself with all the things a Mac can do , but I found IWord '08 was not doing it for me as I frequently exchange documents with Word users . This version allows me to do that . As I learn more , I 'm sure I 'll be better at getting the most out of this product .
 The microsoft office for mac is wonderful ! Its very similar to the office for windows , so it 's not hard to getting accostumed to it . On the surface
 After haveing used Office 04 Student & Teacher for our old Dell , we have been using the Mac verion on our new iMac 20 . If you not used to the interface of iWorks , I suggest getting the Office for the Mac . One main reason
 this is great product , it is very similar to the windows version . The programs work great and I have had no compatiblilty issues at all . All around its a great product .
 I think anyone with a Mac will need to buy this sooner or later . It 's a necessity for me right now .
 I recently switched to a Mac and needed the office software for school . I 've found the office suite to be very similar to the Office 2003 for the PC . One thing that bothered me was in Excel the selected cell was outlined with blue instead of black as it is on the PC version . I eventually discovered how to fix it , you simply go to your system preferences , view , and change the highlight color to black for the whole system . Everything else was great I can easily send documents developed in Office 2004 to my computer at work running Office 03 , and with so many people using Microsoft Office it really is an essential product that works . It also made my decision to swith very easy .
 Just what I wanted to be able to write good business letters with Word and also do graphs with Excel .
 Compared to Microsoft Office for PC 's , this product is pretty comparable to the MAC version .
 I bought this version for my Mac after I upgraded my PC to Office 2007 and saw the stupid new interface for the PC.Microsoft
 Recently moved to the Mac after years of the other guys . I like the look and feel of Office and bought it to make it easier to share documents from my previous system . The software installed quickly and correctly the first time . It has worked perfectly ever since and has opened every Office document I have thrown at it . I am upgrading to the 2008 version , because the price was right , but the 2004 version does everything that one would need it to do .
 I 've only used office products on a pc before so this is all brand new for me . I do multiple powerpoint presentations on a regular basis and I must say that the speaker tools for this product are amazing , I am getting the upgraded 2008 for $ 5.00 with this purchase as well , good value play . If you do presentations and are n't using this -LRB- powerpoint -RRB- or keynote w a mac you are n't tapping your full potential . I do n't use the other applications enough to review them fairly .
 I love office , but all my experience with it has been on a PC so it has been hard to switch to the mac version . Everything is laid out differently but it is at least a universal document format so I can work on it wherever I am .
 Recently purchased Microsoft Office 2004 Student and Teacher edition to get the Word software for our new MAC . My wife uses the Word software for her manuscripts -LRB- she is an author -RRB- and it is ten times better and easier to use than Word for a PC . She had used Wordperfect for over 30 years and knew she could not use it on her new MAC and she really disliked Word for her old PC . She is very happy with it and therefore I am very happy with it .
 You ca n't beat the deal on it , that 's for sure.I got so sick of not being able to open attachments on my mac . So happy I got this.My only complaint is that it does not have `` publisher '' . Otherwise , it 's great .
 It 's not that Office Mac 2004 is such a great product -LRB- although it is a good product -RRB- ; it 's that by buying it I will get an Office Mac 2008 for a grand total of about $ 2.50 . I already had a bought a copy of Office Mac 2004 several years ago , but I could n't pass up the offer.It 's the first time I have bought something from Amazon and the experience was excellent . I bought Office 2004 on Friday 11/23/07 with free shipping . I received the product on Wednesday 11/28/07 . The 3rd business day after I bought it and about a week before it was projected to be delivered to me .
 As a grad student and future teacher , Microsoft 2004 Office for Mac Student and Teacher is a must . It makes writing papers and lesson plans easy and enjoyable .
 This is n't the newest version of Microsoft Office . I would have purchased the newest , but I saw how it still has problems . Once the kinks are out of the the new version , I 'll purchase it for my MacBook Pro .
 Let me set the back story ... I have been a PC user since 1982 . I have used windows since NT 3.51 and always considered myself a Microsoft guy.That changed this year with the release of Vista and the subsequent release of Leopard . I changed over to Mac and did n't look back . That being said I felt I needed some familiarity with my computer . I could have just used my windows version of Office with Parrells , but I figured I bought a Mac I should use mac programs ... Fast forward to today . I simply love office on the Mac -LRB- and my Mac too -RRB- . The program performs exactly like I am used to with my windows version -LRB- except it does n't crash -RRB- If you are a recent convert I highly recommend getting this product and 2008 once it comes out .
 I 've been a user of Office for the Mac for years . This new version provides all the features I expected with some great improvements to solve problems I 've run into in the past . I love the Compatibility Reports to make sure my documents will display correctly on a Windows machine .
 This product is exactly what I needed to use my mac computer to do `` office '' tasks and read WORD documents . The edition gives three codes so you can load on up to three computers . You get WORD , EXCEL , and POWERPOINT .
 I do n't know why I resisted buying Office for my Mac . I love it ! Now my files can be easily sent in emails and read by PC users and I can accurately translate docs I receive . What a blessing !! Do n't wait to get this product ; buy it now ! You will not regret it .
 I am a recent convert to Apple and I LOVE it . This software makes the transition even easier from PC to Mac . It works just like it does in Windows , with a few extra perks .
 I love the Mac and being out of the PC mode ... -LRB- spyware and viruses -RRB- ... . and I LOVE this program !! ... It enables me to be apart from the problems but be in the loop for all other users ... I LOVE IT!@! ... Thanks Microsoft you did a good job ... highly recommend !
 This program is everything that you need in Micosoft Office for Windows . If your swithching to a Mac from PC , you will not be disappointed by any means . The program runs extremley fast and comes in neat little box even . Highly recommended !
 I use both platforms of Office and the mac version takes a little to get use to . Both versions -LRB- PC/Mac -RRB- have features or work differently but the basics of the program and compatability are great .
 In a world dominated by Microsoft , you pretty much have to have Microsoft Office on your computer . I have a MAC for a reason yet even I had to give in and get the program so I could have MS Word and Power Point , primarily , but it helps to be able to open , view and edit files in Excel as well . All the programs work as you 'd expect them to . Microsoft Office for Mac helps bridge the gap and makes a MAC as versatile in the work world as it is in the world of fun .
 Let 's face it , no matter how much you love your Mac there are times when you might find yourself wishing it was a PC so you could send a Word file to your PC using friend -LRB- who does n't understand the joys of PDF -RRB- . Well Microsoft , never being one to miss an opportunity , has delivered the full Office Suite for Mac and designed it to take complete advantage of OS X . What that translates into is simply the best Office Suite experience anyone can have.All the apps -LRB- Word ; Excel ; PowerPoint ; Entourage -RRB- are included unencumbered and many have features and enhancements that can ONLY be found on the Mac . Excel features customized keyboard shortcuts and the ability to create transparent charts . Word now features easy one button access to all your contacts in Entourage as well as the handy Data Merge Manager . PowerPoint now allows movies and features full compatibility with QuickTime . The layout and feel of Entourage is much improved over it 's PC counterpoint Outlook.At first Microsoft had said that this Student & Teacher version was non-upgradeable -LRB- The only difference between this and the more pricey Standard Edition -RRB- , but they have since changed their minds to allow upgrades as long as you buy before the new version is released . You even get a three computer license ! Finally , here 's the proof that Microsoft can be generous when it wants to.I 've had this suite for many months now and have never loved using these apps more . Sending and receiving Word , Excel and PowerPoint documents is a breeze and I 've never once had an issue opening a document sent from a PC user . Beyond the functionality , I love the way all these Microsoft apps look like part of OS X in full Aqua glory . If you need to communicate with PC users or simply want the best of both worlds , you ca n't do any better than running Microsoft Office v.X Student & Teacher edition on a Mac .
 I recently threw out my virus-infected PC and bought an Apple Powerbook . I was concerned that the switch would limit what I can and can not do with my computer , but Microsoft Office for Mac has made the transition much easier , as I have been a Microsoft Office user for years . The Mac version runs much smoother than the Windows version , -LRB- as does the entire computer . -RRB- No problems with lock-ups , no lost data , and the Mac version seems much easier to use than my Windows version . Very straightforward , yet powerful enough for a full range of use , from simple to very complex.So , for anyone out there thinking of making the switch from PC to Mac , do yourself a favor
 Do n't get me wrong , I enjoy bashing Microsoft with the best of them , and I think most `` upgrades '' from Redmond are a waste of money at this point , but Office 2004 for the Mac is not one of those cases.It is simply a must have upgrade.What I love about the new upgrade :1 . Long file names2 . Better change/edit management3 . Lots of new features in PowerPoint -LRB- although Keynote still looks better displayed -RRB- 4 . Much cleaner interfaceI 'll give credit where credit is due . This is a fantastic update , one I am glad I paid for.Only one beef , to be balanced , is MS should work on speeding up the apps in the .1 release .
 I am surprised to find myself impressed with a Microsoft product . I vowed I never would be , but I have to admit that the Macintosh Business Unit of Microsoft has truly released a must have product . I bought the upgrade as soon as it came out and so far it has only crashed once -LRB- while doing an import into Excel -RRB- . If you have Office v.X then I doubt it 's really worth an upgrade . Unless you see one of the new features as a must have v.X will work well for quite a while . However , if you use another product I must impress upon you how wonderful this suite actually is . The new project center in Entourage is very handy if you have problems with keeping files together and the new notebook view in Word is especially useful if you often take notes in meetings . Presenter Tool 's in PowerPoint is also a great feature . Messenger is useless , but you already have iChat so you do n't even have to bother with it . I have found that all of the applications feel more `` Mac-like '' with a more appealing interface . While a completely Apple built suite would win me over , I doubt I would be satisfied with any other companies product . If you are in a business or academic environment , then this product is a must have . So , while I think that all of the rest of Microsoft 's products put together are worth about $ 5 , this is simply a must-have product unless you already have v.X.
 I had initially ordered Office 2004 primarily for my sister 's iBook G4 . The Office 2004 Student / Teacher edition includes 3 licenses -- a pleasant surprise indeed ! As a graduate student myself , I was able to install one license on my Dual G5 . So far , in my usage , Office X 2004 brings more refinement to all four programs -LRB- Word , Excel , PowerPoint , and Entourage -RRB- . I especially like the fact that Office now tracks your recently used documents , making it even easier to locate and work with your documents . Initially , Office X 2004 seemed to be a bit more sluggish than its predecessor , however the recent Service Pack update seemed to restore the speed I had grown accustomed to from the previous release . I 'm more of a casual Office user -- I use Word to write papers , Excel to keep track of various accounts , and Entourage for a secondary email client . In short , if you are a casual user of Office , and have a previous version , I would n't recommend getting the update . However , if you are in the academic arena and do n't already own Office for OS X -LRB- especially if you 're making the move over from a PC to Mac -RRB- , I 'd recommend the Student / Teacher version of Office 2004 X wholeheartedly .
 Coming from 15 years of working with Windows , it is sheer joy to work on Mac OS X -LRB- yes , I am one of the highly vaunted switchers ! - No , i did not just recently grow a brain ... I work as an IT professional , and until OS X , the Mac did not allow me to do my job as an NT admin . I got laid off due to the glut of Windows IT pros and am changing careers to web design , where the Mac easily outshines windows in every single imaginable way ! -RRB- . I have since decided to get a BS BS in Interactive Media Design at Art Institute of Pittsburgh to step my career up further , and the school requires I use MS Office for some projects . I have OpenOffice , but hate ... ABSOLUTELY HATE , the Java interface , so I decided to buy the student version of MS Office for Mac despite my years of utter distaste for MS Office as a whole.Once installed , I was really quite pleasantly surprised to see that MS Office 2004 for Mac is ten times better than MS Office 2003 for Windows . Much cleaner , more logical interface , less cluttered , though stil la long ways off from clean and uncluttered . Some things are a little odd , but nothing I could scream about.Overall , MS-Office 2004 for Mac is easily the very best MS-Office suite ever -LRB- I have not even considered Office 2008 for Mac as I do not need it at all - see next paragraph -RRB- , and is made that much better by the total lack of that incredible pile-o-crap , Outlook . I ca n't say anything about Entourage , as I have no need for it , so I have never launched it , and most likely never will.But , is MS-Office the best office suite ever ? Hardly ! Since Apple 's iWork '08 includes the Numbers spreadsheet program with the slick , simple and surprisingly powerful Pages and KeyNote , it has definitely become my choice for best office suite , hands down . In fact , after getting a free trial of iWork '06 when I upgraded to Tiger in 2005 , I went out and bought a copy -LRB- it 's a measly $ 79 -RRB- , and then again upgraded to iWork '08 when it came out and have not needed MS-Office in way whatsoever since as it opens , edits and saves Word , Excel and Powerpoint files , which is actually more than I would ever need.Updated to reflect upgrade to iWork ' 08
 After getting my new MAC laptop for student and Mac computer for office , found that I could not communicate with business world with attachments for e-mails as well as the fact that the Professors would only accept homework in a word format . So I went to PC magazine did investigations there for the Microsoft Office 2008 and found many big problems MAC users were having with 2008 version . Went to the great Apple Support Chats with users and found huge amount said they wish they would have stayed with their 2004 version because the computer with 2008 was constantly crashing and slowing down and nothing but problems . So I can say fabulous 2004 version , no problems , has n't slowed down computer . And attachments with my e-mails are so easy . This product you ca n't live without if you are a student or business person .
 I bought iWorks 08 hoping that it would be as good as MS Office . I was a little disappointed with what I could n't do with iworks that I could do with MS Office . Simple things like printing labels or an envelope is much easier in Office than iWorks . I 'm not even sure you can print labels in Pages -LRB- iWorks version of Word -RRB- . When I purchased iWorks i was under the impression that documents created in iWorks could be opened and edited with Office , they 're not . Apple needs to work on making their products cross platform compatible . As far as Office for Mac , it 's the best for everyday personal as well as professional use .
 This takes some getting used to . . not the exact same as original Office . But it is user friendly and as good as Office for PC . Highly recommended .
 Just purchased an Imac and needed an office program to run on it , this is perfect .
 Amazing program !!! It 's actually better than office for and XP ... it automatically updates every week , and best of all , it 's for MAC !!! Just the fact that it 's for Mac makes it better than the windows form .
 The only disadvantage for this software is the fact it is not Arabic friendly :--LRB- so if you use Arabic in writing documents make sure that you have NeoOffice .
 So far this addition to my Mac is great - have it on my laptop , not on the desktop yet . I bought it primarily for Power Point , but think I will like the word program also . Went on easily - absolutely no problems . I just need time to learn all the possibilities it has . Always great shopping with Amazon .
 Very good . I use it more than I thought I would . I do not know what I did without it .
 Very practical upgrade . A must for school . The ability to open PowerPoint files is invaluable . I like Word much better than Text Edit -LRB- who does n't -RRB- . I wish there was an easy way to set up Entourage . That is my biggest complaint .
 If you have the previous version of Word -LRB- from Office v.X -RRB- , you can continue to use that version of Word to insert citations from EndNote , while using the rest of the new suite -LRB- including Word 2004 -RRB- for everything else.It is possible to have Word v.X and Word 2004 installed at the same time . The only stipulation is that you ca n't have both versions launched & running at the same time .
 It 's ironic that the invitation to submit a review of Microsoft Office Student and Teacher Edition 2004 Macintosh arrived in my mailbox today . I 'm in the midst of completing booktalks and other written responses for my graduate class - putting the Microsoft/Macintosh product to use as we speak!As both a teacher and a student , I am on the computer quite a bit . The only problem I 've had is that my home computer is a Dell and my laptop is an iBookG4 . I 've fretted about the lack of compatability - but no more ! So far , I 've been able to complete my assignments in Word , copy and paste them into the online forum of my course and save copies on both my Mac and the copies I 've sent to the Dell via email attachments . It 's wonderful to be able to work in both platforms!I expect that I 'd probably give the product a full 5 stars if I 'd had time to work out the particulars of how it all works . I 'm reserving that star for now because I 've been a bit frustrated by a few of the format differences . Nothing major and I 'm sure they 'll all be worked out in time . Remember - I 'm writing this review as a study break!All in all , it gets 2 thumbs up . I think it 's terrific to be able to use this product to bridge the `` language barrier '' between Mac and PCs .
 The product is everything I expected -- a great addition . I 've had it for over a month with no problems . I ca n't complain about anything . I got a great price -LRB- lower than the MSR -RRB- , three installations and I received it before i knew it !
 I was wary of any Microsoft Office product on the Mac following the failure of Word 6 on the Mac in 1994 . This one turned out to be pretty good , although it seems to be showing its age.Excel is the program that impresses me the most . Apple has not released a standalone spreadsheet since it had its Claris subsidary years ago and Claris Resolve hit the scene -LRB- this was in 1991 -RRB- . Until they can fill that void , Excel is the standard by which all other spreadsheets are judged , as it has been for 20 years . An Excel for dummies book helps , as it shows more features than meets the eye . More powerful than any other spreadsheet before it , Excel also impresses with its 3-D charts . Office is worth it just for this.Pages , Apple 's word processing/layout hybrid , is clearly more elegant than Word . Word , however , includes some features that are different that those of Pages . When used together , great results can be produced . Either as a standalone also works relatively well.Entourage -LRB- the Mac name for Outlook -RRB- can be used as an email client , but I prefer to use it as an address book . It manages that very well , and the book is easily sharable with the other programs -- for example , envelopes can be easily printed in Word.PowerPoint is the only application that disappoints me . Its templates look very dated when compared to Apple 's Keynote . The interface is also less elegant than Keynote , plus the program is slow.The interface of all of these programs is very similar to the Windows version , with the biggest change being the name of the email program . If you have the academic license this is worth it for Excel alone -- and it does n't hurt to have Entourage and Word floating around either .
 Ok so maybe I am a Mac fanatic , but this is well worth the investment . I use these programs everyday , and I even think they are better than their PC counterparts . If you have a Mac , you should have this product . I only wish I could give it more stars .
 I am NOT a fan of Microsoft in general , but I bought the Student/Teacher Edition for it 's overall universal compatibility . I 'm very pleasantly surprised to find it 's a good , stable product , is reasonably quick to launch and use , and is more pleasing to use than Windoze versions of Office I use at work . The new `` Notebook '' view in Word seems particularly handy for my home needs.I was close to buying the new Apple word processor & presentation program on general principles and because it 's a few dollars less than the Office price less current rebate -LRB- which has already arrived -RRB- . However , for those few dollars less , I also would n't get a spreadsheet program , which is important , along with that universal compatibility.On the negative side , like all Microsoft products seem to be , this is overall bloated with seldom used features -LRB- especially for `` students and teachers '' -RRB- , and came with Outlook for which I have no use since I really like the Apple Mail , Address and Calendar trio . Loses that 5th star based on this.Overall , I 'm pleased - money well spent .
 I am satisfied with MS Office for the Mac . I transferred my office documents from my PC onto my Mac and I use them as If they had `` always '' been on the Mac . Seamless interface between the PC and the Mac . I have used Word , Excel and Powerpoint . I wish the Mac had a compatible DBMS so I could move my database files over also - instead , I have to use the `` Parallels '' software which runs MS Windows in a Window on the Mac ; I have my MS Office XP Pro loaded into that sysem so I can run Access and use my database files . Other than the lack of a DBMS , the office software is `` just like on my PC '' , only with the smooth Mac GUI : = -RRB-
 I got the Office for Mac so as to allow me to transfer documents between machines . I would have to say that transferring data using a USB drive saves me a lot of time , although it is not entirely seamless . Some formats on Office Word 2003 are not quite the same on the Mac Office . Otherwise , Office for Mac allows me to continue using my Apple in a PC dominated workplace . It was a good investment .
 I bought this version of Office after reading that the newest version for Mac is full of bugs . I 've been using the 04 version for about 3 weeks now and it works great ! I use both Excel and Word and have had no problems . I 'm a long time Mac user and have been using Microsoft Word on both Macs and PCs since it first came out . My old Mac version 01 would crash periodically . Thus far , this version works fine and has not crashed . I am happy with my purchase .
 When I made the switch from Windows to Mac , I was worried that I would miss the old `` Office . '' Actually , I think the Mac version of Office is a huge improvement over Office 2003 for Windows . I have yet to be disappointed , and I do n't think I will ever be disappointed . I would recommend the Student and Teacher Edition to anyone who is eligible , since it does everything you need it to do for a fraction of the price ! Definitely a must have for anyone who needs to be productive with their Mac !
 I have switched from a PC to a MAC , and have also gone back to school to get a certification in SPED . I can hardly say how valuable this software has proven . WORD provides great note-taking features , and ENTOURAGE lets you group all of your project info into one handy setting - phone calls , emails , notes , etc. . If you are a student or a teacher , this is a much better purchase for you than regular MSOffice .
 I have Office 98 for the Mac . I purchased a used Mac w/OS 10.3.9 so I wanted Office for OS X . We home school , so I qualified for the Student & Teacher Ed . So far everything is working fine .
 Microsoft office for mac is really easy to use and as a college student , I can not imagine using anything else .
 I have used Microsoft Office on PCs for many years and after purchasing a Mac needed a better software suite than what came with my computer . I went back to Microsoft Office and was pleasantly surprised . There are some features that I do n't like - like not being able to hide the margins between pages in a document - but there are other new features . I especially like the Notebook document feature - it is very convenient to use when taking notes during a lecture or a meeting .
 Works just as I had hoped . I had an 5.1 edition of Word , and there were no problems converting .
 Simply , it works as it should . I have no problem in working on work files that were written on a PC or files I write on my Mac & open on my wife 's PC .
 It 's pretty easy to install and use . It works just the same as using it on a pc . The only thing is , if your really used to using a pc it will take a little bit of common sense searching to know how to make it work for you in mac .
 Microsoft messed up starting with Windows XP . They finally buried the functionality with Windows 7 ; the so-called ribbons are more like exercises in topology!I switched to Mac Pro in 2005 and decided to try Office 2004 for Mac ; it came as a promotion with the Mac Pro . I have n't had any major problems so far ; its been about 6 years now.It is a stroke of good luck -LRB- for me -RRB- that Office : Mac 2004 is still available ; it is still understandable and intuitive . My first computer was a PC with Windows 95 , the prototype of `` good-sense '' software.Microsoft 's modernization of Office forced me to the Mac version of Office 2004 of which I am pleased . I just purchased Office : Mac 2004 for my household 's iMac and Mac laptop .
 I received the 2004 Mac edition of Microsoft Word in only a few days . It was still wrapped in original packaged as stated . Completely Satisfied with this purchase and would definitely buy again from this sender
 i would say it 's a great product but it does n't function to the lever office for windows does .
 I only rated this 4 stars because it is a Microsoft product and unfortunately I had to load it on my nice new Macbook . However , it works really well and I have n't had any problems with it at all . I really like that Word does a compatiblility check on your documents when you are saving them and since I send a lot of documents to and from my work PC -LRB- Dell -RRB- I have n't had a problem with any of them.Good buy overall if you need to have Microsoft on your Mac .
 The office for Mac 2004 software is a much needed improvement over 2001 . The additional templates in Word are long over due . I know it wo n't happen , but I would like to see Publisher for Mac .
 Having been a Word user since version 1 , I still like it although the fonts do not show up regular size as in previous versions . I do not regularly use Excel or Powerpoint , but they look as though they should perform admirably.My chief gripe is with Entourage . The mail gives me duplicates of everything . The junk mail corner is great ... catches most of it . Those things are OK , my problem is that I can not send mail from this program . The server will not accept it , so I have to go to `` Mail '' application on my Mac to send mail to someone . It is a bit incommodious to read mail on one application and reply on another . I am running Tiger X -LRB- OS 10.4.6 -RRB- and any help you have will be greatly appreciated.The software arrived in a short time , installed easily . I do like ordering from Amazon because I have yet to have an error in my order , and the material is always of top quality.Thank you .
 You 'd think that a Windows app would not do well on a Mac , but I 've had NO problem with this software at all . None . It actually does better on my Mac than my PC version did on my PC . Go figure .
 I have had Absolutely no compatability issues with any of the programs . Entourage is a little lacking . Use the Mail program that comes with your Apple ! The Word and Excel are 10 fold easier to use on the Mac version than the PC .
 The Mac edition of Office is quite good , even better than the Windows edition . If you qualify as a student or teacher then you ca n't beat this deal . The price less the rebate brought the total cost to under $ 100 and I can legitimately install this on up to three Macs in my home . Recommended .
 I used this product for about 2 years before upgrading to a newer version of Office . I never had a problem with the product after installing it . For Amazon 's part , the product was shipped to me quickly and with no headaches . I always recommend Amazon to my friends and professional colleagues because I feel that Amazon is good at their words and never give you a product that is below standard . I can only say that I will continue to use Amazon in the future and will continue to recommend them to anyone who needs something at a good price . Glenda Smith
 it is great it has been ssoso many year sence i got it but it is great thanksplease offer mre produckt like this onethanksbruce
 Son is getting ready for College with his Mac , and he needed Office , since he is comfortable with it . It was a great price and shipping was fast . I was very pleased with this purchase .
 THIS IS A`GREAT SOFTWARE . IT WAS EASY TO INSTALL AND WORK GREAT I WAS ABLE TO DO ALL MY TASKS THAT NEEDED TO BE DONE LIKE THE WORDS AND OTHER STUFF DOING PRESENTATIONS LIKE
 This has been an excelant addition to my IMAC Intel computer system . It allows a greater ability to open documents which I receive in Word or Excel , and overcomes problems which I was having while e-mailing documents made in the Appleworks environment .
 This is my second version of Microsoft Word for Mac . My new Apple G-5 would n't accept my really old version . I got it loaded just fine and I was off and computing in minutes . It 's a product I would n't be without no matter what kind of computer I was using , but I am a 20 yr . Apple veteran .
 Of course there are much newer versions of Microsoft office for Windows , but as a recent Mac convert , I 'll take what I can get . It takes some getting used to ... Excel is a royal pain until you get used to it . The icons are much cuter and dragging and dropping into powerpoint -LRB- which if you are teaching in any content area and not using need to smack yourself in the head -- roughly -RRB- is much easier . Composing presentations/editing clip art in this format , which accepts moving pictures and then transferring to Smart Notebook is much easier . A little pricey , especially since you can usually have a free copy of Office for Windows at home as part of the school licensing , but they do n't carry it for Mac
 It was as stated and came in a timely fashion .
 This product is what I was looking for and met all my expectations .
 I only bought this product because I needed Microsoft Word . I do n't use the other programs included , though I will be using Power Point a little later . I like Word , though . And I like this new version . It has a few more bells and whistles , and it 's taking me a little time to learn them .
 The new MicrosoftWord offers many choices - it does more things than I need . The change of format is confusing for me , but I assume I will get it straight at some point .
 Being a full time student along with having a full time job , this edition of Microsoft Office has really allowed me to get done everything that I need to . It has everything that I need and I am so glad that I got this edition !
 After purchasing Mac Tiger 10.4.1 my Microsoft Office -LRB- word , excel , powerpoint -RRB- no longer functioned fully . After purchasing and installing Microsoft Office Student and Teacher Edition 2004 Macintosh I am back to full productivity . The new edition is a nice upgrade from the previous .
 Awesome package ... if only microsoft and apple could begin moving onto the next step of creating a more dynamic market place for there products .
 This program is D'Bomb ! Get this ... . A few months ago , I purchased a 4 track machine . This Music & Video maker was less money , included identical track options except this program allowed me 60 + tracks aside from the video programs , and other audio options and mixers . Buying this program alone will save you a few hundered dollars if you plan on buying mixers , track machines , effect machines , etc. . The quality on this program is just remakable . I highly recommend it .
 This is definitely one of the best music editing programs i have ever used . the effects and sound recordings are great and the program has huge amounts of functionality . BUY IT
 My 3 year old grandson tried all the games . It is a bit hard for him to click on some of the icons as you have to use the right mouse button and even the child size mouse is a little big for him . He holds it with all his fingers on the left button , ca n't get him to change it for long . He loves bugs and I think he will like it when he is older .
 First I want to say I am not a professional musician and that I do not sing or play the guitar very well . But with Music Studio G6 I have put together a few songs that actually sound good . When I was in high school my brother and I would record on my AIWA stereo for the fun of it . Music Studio G6 has given our hobby a digital upgrade so to speak!Music Studio comes with a MIDI producing program and Audio Studio , which is used to record CD quality material . The materials are saved as . vip files , and then may be exported as wavs , mpegs , or MP3s -LRB- although the basic software only comes with 20 free uses of the MP3 conversion software -RRB- . You are permitted to integrate up to 48 tracks , using imported sound files , or your own recordings . There are many digital effects available , such as echo , reverb , equalizing , noise normalization , etc. . It is like having a full working music studio at your fingertips . Then once you are done , burn the songs onto a CD , and you have your first demo tape.My computer handled the program just fine . I had some slight problems with the MIDI program , although the troubleshooting guide helped me get it working . The manual suggests that for OPTIMAL performance your computer needs to have 128 MB of RAM , although mine works fine with 64 MB . One key component your computer should have is a full-duplex sound card . This means your sound card can play audio files and record at the same time . If your sound card can not do this , then your recording capabilities will be very limited.Ultimately , this is a nice product . The deluxe edition listed here has CD burning software and a few other features , which the basic software package lacks . The deluxe package contains 2 CDs , each with sound clips that can be used for your recording . If you have problems , magix.com has free update patches available for download .
 I burned my first CD full of my original music . I have three songs . I 'm going to go back and do another set of 8 or so . The music studio deluxe effects are great and I edited , fined tuned and mastered each track . When I was done I cleaned it up with the audio cleaning feature . It sounds sharp , sweeet , clean , tight . It 's an really good program because my end result was perfect .
 At the moment I only have two criticisms of this software .1 . The instruction manual could be written a bit more clearly - often it is hard to see where in the program the subject being discussed is at.And . .2 . They need to program some tool tips into the GUI so when the user passes over buttons , there is some clue given as to what they do -LRB- like when your mouse pointer passes over the little picture of a floppy and the word `` Save '' pops up in a little yellow box -RRB- . Though it did take me some time to figure out what and where some things were , I have to say I am pretty impressed over all .
 At the moment I only have two criticisms of this software .1 . The instruction manual could be written a bit more clearly - often it is hard to see where in the program the subject being discussed is at.And . .2 . They need to program some tool tips into the GUI so when the user passes over buttons , there is some clue given as to what they do -LRB- like when your mouse pointer passes over the little picture of a floppy and the word `` Save '' pops up in a little yellow box -RRB- . Though it did take me some time to figure out what and where some things were , I have to say I am pretty impressed over all .
 StoryView is a sophisticated layout and organizer application for your thoughts and ideas , a virtual pasteboard , without any of the physical hassle . It is designed to let you work in a fluid yet logical manner , and to think nonlinearly in a straight line - like with a non-linear video editing application , such as Adobe Premier 6.0 / 5 . It requires little computer experience beyond the basics of word-processing , and any work created can easily be used elsewhere or delivered electronically to a StoryView equipped collaborator , etc. . Try doing that with a loaded pasteboard.Any work can also be printed out and stuck on the wall , if so desired.The Outline View is very useful , it listing all the events and hierarchies in a single column , which can be added to in the usual cut , copy , and paste fashion for text , and for the addition or deletion of events by right clicking , etc. , -LRB- in windows -RRB- , or by way of the menu bar.The toolbars and toolbar views are very customisable , allowing a lean and mean Outline View display , and a fully loaded Timeline View -LRB- F9 repeatedly in Windows to toggle between -RRB- . These bars are accessible in the same way as with Word 2000 , which is a nice touch.Files can be exported as . RTF and . SCW , but you will either have to have Acrobat or one of the . PDF printer emulators installed to convert to . PDF for use in the Acrobat Reader.The application comes with a very comprehensive set of . PDF manuals , all fully bookmarked . These can be printed out if you prefer , and they 'll look great.StoryView offers the means for anyone serious about keeping their work organised a simple and effective way to do so , and lets you keep your mind on the job of writing as opposed to time consuming and difficult to maintain card paper and pasteboard systems.Pairs up nicely with Dramatica 4.0 Pro for the complete structural approach .
 StoryView 2.0 ha sido muy &uacute;til para mi trabajo de guionista y cuentista . Su disposici&oacute;n obliga a plantearse la historia en t&eacute;rminos de unidades y fragmentos jerarquizados . Por supuesto , no es una norma o una estrategia creativa dictatorial . Es una herramienta &uacute;til y uno puede tomarla o dejarla . En todo caso , es muy valiosa.Es interesante utilizar StoryView tanto para la creaci&oacute;n como para el an&aacute;lisis . Determinado gui&oacute;n de una pel&iacute;cula que hayas conseguido puedes dividirlo en escenas , secuencias , actos , etc. . De manera tal de tener un mapa general de la disposici&oacute;n de la obra.Si conoces alg&uacute;n modelo narrativo , puedes dise & ntilde ; ar una jerarqu&iacute;a y aplicarla - como plantilla - a tu narraci&oacute;n , como el de Joseph Campbell/Christopher Vogler , o el tradicional de tres actos de Syd Field . O puedes crear tu propia estructura , que es lo que hago cuando escribo narraciones literarias . Las unidades , se crean solos . Cap&iacute;tulos , eventos , secciones , actos , episodios , etc , lo que desees.Lo interesante es que el software se adapta plenamente a las ideas del escritor , se amolda . Puedes ordenar tu narraci&oacute;n en un solo nivel , o bien en varios , como las capas o layers de Photoshop.Tiene dos vistas , la Outline Window , que se asemeja mucho al `` Documento maestro '' de Word ; y la otra , la TimeLime Window es como la marca de f&aacute;brica de Storyview , que es la vista de la disposici&oacute;n de tu narraci&oacute;n , en unidades de tiempo , p&aacute;gina , minutos , o lo que se desee . Puede importarse y exportarse documentos txt , rtf , en formato Movie Magic Screenwriter y otros.Lo &uacute;nico que le falta , a mi juicio , es un sistema multiplantilla , en el que uno pueda ajustar o aplicar determinada disposici&oacute;n de estructura a la historia , ejemplo , aplicar el modelo Joseph/Campbell , el tradicional , el de Dramatica , alguno personal , as&iacute; como cuando uno aplica diversos filtros a una imagen RGB o CMYK , con cierto nivel de `` transparencia '' o `` opacidad '' . Es decir , tenemos dos coordenadas , 1 -RRB- tiempo y 2 -RRB- unidades narrativas . Podr&iacute;a a & ntilde ; adirse - opcionalmente , claro - modelos narrativos . De este modo , quedar&iacute;an cubos tridimensionales , en lugar de rect&aacute;ngulos , lo que dar&iacute;a una mayor flexibilidad creativa a nuestro trabajo . As&iacute; como tambi&eacute;n , incorporar un diagrama de tensi&oacute;n dram&aacute;tica semejante al que posee el Power Structure.No creo que sea mala idea y espero que la gente de Screenplay Systems o Write Brothers ya haya pensado en algo as&iacute; para la versi&oacute;n 3.0
 I am from India and IAF inducted a bunch of SU-30 MKIs in it 's airforce . I wanted to get a feel for this fighter and bought the flanker 2.5 . I also own Microsoft CFS2 , CFS3 -LRB- dont waste your money on this -RRB- , IL2 -LRB- money well spent -RRB- , Ka-52 just to name a few.Flanker 2.5 is not a game . It is a simulator . So there are no points flashing after you complete a mission successfully . I have been playing it for an year now and even now it keeps me intrested . There is a lot to learn . You need to learn about the plane , your enemy plane , Different missiles and their envelopes , radar range , when to track , when not to track , how to refuel , when to fire a missile and a whole lot more.So , if you want a game that you can master in a couple of weeks , this is not the one . If you are looking fo some simulator that will teach you about different weapons systems , tactics and more importantly how hard it is to be a real fighter pilot , this is a keeper.The graphics are excellent and very light on resources considering the vintage of the game.It is comparable to Microsoft CFS3 in the graphics quality but with 1/3 the resource usage.Buy it if you are a serious aero or sim enthusiast ... you will LOVE IT .
 I have worked for two different companies that designed and implimented real flight simulators . One of these was the F-16 -LRB- Link -RRB- and the other was theF/A -18 -LRB- Hughes -RRB- so I can say with some authority that this simulator has one of the very best flight-models that I 've ever experianced , bar none . Inoticed a comment by one individual who stated that `` the graphics are bad '' -LRB- or something like that -RRB- and I have to agree ... the graphics , especially on aslower systems , with all the `` options '' set to either `` medium '' or `` low '' -LRB- for example -RRB- are not `` LOMAC '' quality to be sure . However , the folks who wrote the engine for this simulator were not setting out to make a `` pretty '' game at all , but rather they set-out to design a true flight simulator based on the aircraft of their country of origin - the SU-27 -LRB- and its variants -RRB- designed and built on the former USSR
 I just got this game -LRB- March 2003 -RRB- . . It 's a little old , but WOW !! I usually do n't even like flight simulators . I just decided to try this one out for kicks ... , and now I 'm hooked ! ... I just upgraded to the v2 .51 patch from v2 .5 -- they did a lot of bug fixes in 2.51 ! The only problem with 2.51 is that the training missions do n't work . So learn to play v2 .5 with the training missions and then upgrade to 2.51 . Anyway , this is a SUPERB flight sim ! I am running it on an Athlon 1ghz w / 768megs of ram , a Voodoo5 , and a Logitech Wingman f/fback joystick . The graphics are wonderful , the flight model is the best I have experienced , and it is the most fun flight simulator I have played ! There 's a lot of keys and functions to learn because it is so realistic , but they have good training missions and an excellent 300 + page manual ! -LRB- manual is installed with the game in . PDF format -RRB- The only three problems with the game are that manual landings are next to impossible , the only jets you can fly are the SU-27 and SU-33 , and they do n't have enough missions !! However , they do include a mission editor with the game so you can make your own or download ones that other people have made ! I have n't tried the multiplayer support yet , but I hear that the v2 .51 patch has fixed all kinds of problems with it . I work a full time job , and still have managed to learn most of the features in the game in a couple weeks time , though I still have a ways to go before I master it !! BUY THIS GAME ! ... It will be the best -LSB- money -RSB- you have ever spent ! Months and months of enjoyment ! ...
 I am still trying to land the plane manually , quite a tough thing to do . This is no Jane 's simulator whatsoever , no similarity to IAF , USAF etc. . . The closest brother to this sim as of today would be Falcon 4.0 from Microprose.The flight model is very realistic and the graphics are very good considering the time the game was released . You can fly the SU-27 or the aircraft carrier version the SU-33 . Both are very good planes in real life as well.The game has some issues since it first came out on V2 .0 . I run it without a problem at all , no crashes , no graphical glitches and no sound problems.My specs are : AMD K7 800Mhz512 MB Ram -LRB- SD Ram 133 -RRB- Asus K7V-T mainboard3D Prophet 64MB Geforce2SBLive ! Platinum ... Good luck and have a nice flight !!
 I am a big fan of Russian military aircraft , both from a design and a performance perspective . The Su-27 is technologically superior to anything currently in the US arsenal . As for this sim , it is going to basically be re-released by Ubi with a new graphics engine as part of their upcoming new air combat sim , Lock-On
 I have been playing with the su27 flanker for the past 15 years . I started with the demo version of su-27 flanker - dos based . Now I think I can fly the real thing if i can only withstand the G forces . This Simulation is so realistic and so much fun I can not describe it . I did not run out of things I can do differently to see what the enemy will do in the pat 15 years . it never stops amazing me . For example I am even able to Capture an F15 if I damage it only just enough using only guns -LRB- Mano e Mano guns only -RRB- . And then he lands in my Airfield while I am following him closely with a lock on him . If I some how manage to lose his sight and lose the lock he quickly tries to escape and flies so low that I can not get a lock on him to change his mind and I can not even find him on my radar most of the time . Once I escort it all the way and if I approach him during taxi he stops and waits for me to pass him . Way too much intelligence built into this simulator ! it is a treasure that i guard closely . I bought a couple of them and a bunch of Su-27 flanker the original dos versions . For me they are a collectors item . I saved all my victories - I make sure I have the enemies skill level set at Excellent and all other stuff to realist -LRB- landings , damages etc -RRB- . Still I am able to beat the enemy 99 % of time and land safely and do some target practice shooting at radars etc. . I like the dogfights with F1 guns only . This way you get the max testing of your piloting skills . No missiles suddenly coming at you without warning and ruining your day . I also like the anti-radar missions because I realize the missile and I know I am being tracked by a couple of SAMS as soon as I am in the range . I do evasive flying and get great satisfaction when the missile passes you in plain site and explodes . You beat the SAM.You can record your play and analyze in every possible angle . esp useful for learning to dog fight . It helps to know the padlock view . That tracks the enemy plane so you do not lose sight of it . -LRB- when you have a visual of the enemy press 5 to change mode to close air combat and the press Numpad '' . '' . I do not know if this feature is available in the real flanker but it helps a lot in dogfights as you can not twist your head and keep track of the enemy crossing you . I am dreaming of head tracking and Video glasses to take the simulation to next level : -RRB- I do not have to stress enough that this is not a GAME . It is only for the persistent people who will dedicate the time and energy to master the real deal and experience satisfaction in knowing that it is a real deal even if you do not finish the mission successfully .
 Great game ! One of the top games on GameSpy network . Good graphics and great gameplay -LRB- recomend joystick -RRB- , but multiplayer is a little bit creapy -LRB- but ok -RRB- . Overall game is really good .
 Macromeadia has discontinued this product . Ifyou buy it , you 'll neveer be able to upgrade .
 Vivonics Fitness Planner has alot of features that are really a pleasure to discover . One thing that I think is outstanding is the way it shows anything that you have eaten too much of in red . That 's great ... but even better , when you click on it , you are shown which of the foods contain it and how much from most to least . Since I teach dance , I do notice that it is hard to find fitness information that includes dance as an exercise . Dancers are very fitness conscious and it should be included in more books and programs . I do doubt that there is a better Fitness planning program than this one . It is very easy to locate foods and nutrients , etc. . I am still learning to use it ... but it is n't difficult at all . I really do recommend it .
 Keeping a food journal is the ONLY way I can get a handle on my eating since I am loathe to even consider a formal diet.Beginning to journal daily eating was a good first step for me and once that became an established routine I searched for a program to help me keep track of nutrients , carbohydrates and fiber . Vivonic suits me very well for this and more . I can tell at a glance which vitamins I 'm not getting enough of , what my percentages of fat , carbohydrates and protein are and approximately how many calories my daily exercise burned.One completes the screens for `` The Plan '' which asks questions about fitness level , weight , goals , level of activity and that sort of thing . At the end Vivonic supplies the number of calories one needs to eat and the number one needs to burn in order to lose weight at a moderate pace -LRB- if one choses the weight loss option -RRB- . I adjusted the carb , fat , protein and fiber numbers to suit my own eating style and created custom reports for carbs and fiber so I can keep an eye on both.I 've learned a lot about my eating since using Vivonic , primarily that I do n't eat as much protein as I thought even though I strive toward a lower carbohydrate diet and , as I suspected , I 'm usually nowhere near the 25 g of fiber I think is ideal . And , even with a daily multiple vitamin I was always short on magnesium and vitamin e and have begun to supplement them seperately.Adding custom foods is n't hard though it 's a bit of a pain in the beginning . I wish Vivonic syched with my Pocket PC , allowing me to see my counts away from home , but it currently supports the Palm platform and its own dedicated device only . Instead , I note in my PPC what I 've eaten and record it manually at home . As time has gone on I have a very good sense about how much I can eat without slavishly referring to a book of calorie counts.Overall , a very useful program .
 While I had only used the trial version of the Vivonic Fitness Trainer , I found that it contained all of the tools necessary to design and monitor a personal fitness program . Everything is easy to customize , from the days on which you work out to the type of exercise you do . Keeping track of calories and nutrients is simple with the food-journal ... you simply type in what you ate and how much , and it calculates everything for you . These great tools are easy to use , and the interface is attractive . I highly recommend this program , especially to those on weight loss programs or those who have other fitness and nutrition goals .
 Great fitness software at a reasonable price . Very user friendly !
 Mac 2004 Excel works up to my expectation . I replaced another spreadsheet program which closed down often when I was working . That is not a problem with Excel .
 My daughter has been playing this game since she was three . It was a little difficult for her at that age but she stuck with it . Now at almost six she loves playing it and asks to play it several times a week . It has helped her with problem solving , early reading , and math skills . It 's more than I expected from a game . I 'm running it on Windows 2000 Professional .
 I totally disagree to tanis1111 's review of this excellent title.Keeping in mind that I played literally hundreds of games so far , -LRB- some good , some bad -RRB- , I 've become quite spoilt with games ; so far , out of 50 games I play , I usually only like one or two to the extent of me actually playing on and on to complete them . Usually , I get fed up by the annoying gameplay , or the repetitiveness of the game in general.Having played several other LEGO games as well , I found that LEGO Island Xtreme Stunts successfully combines a lot of different genres , to bring the LEGO world to life . I found this title quite refreshing ; not only can the character walk and swim around this unique island ; he can also use his skateboard , or drive/fly/sail using vehicles found on the island . Additionally , the stunts really do combine a lot of genres
 The disc arrived in an envelope , without the original case in a paper sleeve which worried me that it would have been broken when I opened it but thankfully it was n't . Since this was an older game I found that I had issues with it crashing mid game , if this happens to anyone else I found that going into properties and running it with an older version , I went all the way back to windows 98 , helped this.This would have been 5 stars if I would have gotten the original case with it , it would have been nice to have .
 I disagree with most people about this review . This game is my favorite game of all time ! You just ca n't beat it ! For your information StickKeys can be easily changed on your computer 's settings . REMEMBER , switch the game back and forth from time to time with Windows 98/Me and XP Standard Pack 2 , mess around with the settings , to see which one works best with your computer.Always run as administrator . And watch out for glitches like , walking past the Res-Q dish too many times , or jumping on Brian Shrimp too much . Do n't jump on a skateboard into water and do n't get off a vehicle parked next to another vehicle . Do n't steal Studz Linkin 's car too many times , and do n't download the game from any website whatsoever . That 's all I have to say ! Awesome game ! 5/5 stars !!!!!
 this game was awesome !! the different sub-games are exciting and exploring the island was cool . the only problem was that it 's not possible to delete games that are maessed up . otherwise , this game rocks !
 It 's so much fun!You play as Peper -LRB- a lego guy -RRB- and you go throughthe game with a choice of walking around lego island talkingto differnt pepole , or making scenes in a movie -LRB- that Peper stars in -RRB- by completing levels that he must drive cars , boats , and a plane ! But the best thing is he can skatebaordwhenever he wants ! And he can do tricks with it!He can also through pizas in pepoles face!If you like fun and a chalenge this game is for you !!!
 Upon moving my music/recording software to a new computer I needed to transfer the license for three Arturia classic synthesizers . This is exactly the gizmo I needed , and was the lowest-priced I could find . All other options I was finding had tons of `` features '' and whatnot that I did n't need , and cost nearly three times as much . Five minutes after opening the box I had the licenses transferred and software working on the new computer .
 For those that are wondering , you are n't getting the exact case shown in the cover image . You 're getting a white colored box with the product inside . It works the same so do n't be worried if you seemingly get a different product.Plugged it in , was able to transfer licenses fine . Now I can use my Arturia Minimoog V on my laptop when I 'm on the go , and back on the PC when I 'm at home .
 My first eLicenser started to fall apart . This one inherited all the licenses flawlessly . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you .
 These things are a funny blend of convenience and hassle.It was a waste of time to have to request new licenses to move between my PC and Laptop , which these cure . The price is that you permanently lose a USB slot ... 50/50 cost . benefit I say , but it works !
 Attractive design . It holds all your software keys . It is a really great key . I really like this product . It works really well . Thanks .
 Educators and history enthusiast alike will enjoy this product . It is easy to install and the content is complete and comprehensive . Students of all ages will enjoy the virtual tour as much as if they were walking the grounds in person . I highly recommend this product!Student of History
 I think there 's some kind of upgrade on the 123 site or something because my copy was Not working until I logged on recently and now it 's working fine . I 've made some really good copies .
 My daughter received this software for Christmas this year and it was well worth the money spent ! She begs to play it almost every day and it 's really easy for her to get in to . She still has trouble controlling the mouse -LRB- what can you expect from a child who is still not yet two years old -RRB- , but she 's getting better each time she plays it . I find it very helpful and educational to her . Not only is she learning her numbers , letters and colors , but it is helping her fine motor skills as well . I would recommend this to any child , especially if they love Mickey Mouse or Winnie the Pooh !!
 My son is two and loves this game . It was amazing how quick he gained control of the mouse to pop the balloons and move from game to game . This is a great starter !
 This is the best I have found for his age . I highly recommend this for teaching ABC , number , color , and shape recognition . My son pops helium balloons by clicking on them and giggles as pooh characters holding them are sent soaring to the ground -LRB- gently , of course they do n't get hurt -RRB- . This was the first game I let him play by himself . It is really cute . To my amazement , he has learned great control of the mouse . He throws a fit when he has to get off , he would play for hours if I let him . There are some aspects of the game I have n't seen yet because I am able to allow him to `` work '' independently . I have seen the different screens , so I know he has no problem switching back and forth from game to game . He has n't had to call for my help once . As well as the above-mentioned , it teaches reasoning skills , opposites , creativity and more . I suggest working with your child on the opposites game or -LRB- possibly others -RRB- occasionally to reinforce learning ; however , he is entertained by it even when I am not there . I just think it is helpful for kids to have their parents there highlighting points to aid in all early learning . I ca n't say enough about the balloon popping , though . I imagine that if a child can not already identify his letters , numbers , shapes , and colors , he will surely do so after so much repetition -- repetition that holds attention , now that says a lot . I almost wish I had n't already taught him all these things . My nephew has not learned preschool info , and he loves this software as well . He will learn it soon enough ! It is a calm sort of game that is perfect for little learners . The edition I have only includes the Winnie the Pooh cd-rom , but I can assure you that it would be worth the price for this one cd alone !
 Hello , We received this game as a gift several years ago , my daughter Mackenzie who is now 5 loved this game when she was little . My Son Malachi who is Down Syndrome and age 9 absolutely love these two games Mickey and Pooh Both . He can get into the game on his own and change screens through all the different games . He would spend all day on the computer if we would let him . He has an absolute ball playing all these games . I am actually on here today to purchase a few more of this game , So they can have a copy at his school , and at grandmas house . Its been a blast to watch him learn and have fun with these games ! Highly recommend these games to anyone ! Great Buy ! Worth IT !
 Granted , I 'm running it on a newer XP box with lots of RAM , fast processor and high-end graphics card , but the pooh disk crashes if I try the printing option and I have to manually reset the resolution after rebooting my computer.The Mickey half is n't much trouble . It resets the the screen mode upon exit . My niece is n't even 2 years old and she screams in delight when we play the Mickey Mouse disk . That 's good enough for 5 stars for me.The place I purchased it from deserves 5 stars , too . It 's not their fault out dated software is n't always compatible with newer machines .
 This game is great for young toddlers !! My 20 month old LOVES it . When ever she hears the music starting it up , she comes running . a few of the games have children drag the mouse over `` hidden '' letters . This is great for children who do not know how to click . It would be great if you had a mini mouse . they are meant to be used with notebook compters , but are smaller , so little kids can use them easier ! This is a great program for teaching children how to use the comptuer .
 my cousin loved this book . She is 2 and learnt her alphabet , numbers and can begin to write through books like these . I enjoyed showing her the bright pictures , and the large fun text . thank you disney and amazon . -LRB- I also enjoyed it too , even though i would never tell anyone that i love toddlers ' winnie the pooh books ! i advise parents to have a read too ! : -RRB-
 This is a terrific package of toddler software , featuring one disc of Winnie the Pooh Toddler and one disc of Mickey Mouse Toddler . Activities are inherently interesting to children -- colorful , musical problem solving and play -- and generally have three difficulty levels in order to customize the experience.In Winnie the Pooh , each activity -LRB- involving letter recognition , sorting , counting , music , sequence completion and painting -RRB- occurs in one of the main characters ' houses , and children use a navigation screen showing all the houses situated in 100 Acre Wood . As each activity is completed , that character is free to attend Eeyore 's birthday party . When all of the activities are completed , your child can attend the party and watch the story ending . This kind of cohesive play is sorely missing from most kids ' software.In Mickey Mouse Preschool , the navigation screen is set at a diner and gas station run by Goofy . Activities include music , design , arcade shooting , following directions , opposites and games . Most are car-oriented , which is especially fun to many children . While this game does n't have an overarching goal like that in the Winnie the Pooh game , it is lively and fun.The two discs make a terrific combination for your 2 - to 4-year old . Highly recommended .
 Pooh CD is really great for 2-4 year olds . It offers several 6-7 -LRB- ! -RRB- various activities . All of them are interesting and useful in some way . Each has 3 different difficulty levels , so your child can grow with the program . The visual quality is extremely high and this software can work on older PC . I run it on my old PIII 350 without 3d card and was very happy.Mickey CD has a couple of activities , but they are either not challenging enough or , when challenging , are too boring . I doubt your child will be using it much.Overall , the Pooh game is so good , it makes the whole package worth the money.Good luck!Copyrighted by me
 This is perfect for time travel , when I go back to 2005 I take this with me . Also , bonus , it is developed for a PDA that was common back around 1985 , which means that you wo n't have to bother with those funny looking iPhones or Droids when you go back to 2005 either .
 Ok I know this product did not get very good reviews , but I came away with pretty good results , not perfect but pretty good . I think it has a lot to do with what type of system you have . I have a P4 2.66 ghz Dell with 512meg of ram and a pretty good video card the ATI Radeon 9700tx with 128 meg.I can capture mpeg 1 -LRB- low res -RRB- with no problem , and even at dvd quality mpeg 2 720 by 480 it still did a decent job with hardly no frame loss , a little fuzzy at places though so it is not perfect.I came into buying this knowing that it would not be exact dvd quality and it is n't , but I have used it for a couple of weeks and have burned some pretty nice and very watchable dvd 's . also I had little trouble hooking it up and getting it running in xp home . so if you have a fairly good system able to handle video and audio than this product might be for you .
 Everything is now copacetic ! I am satisfied with my purchase . I had a slight problem at first while trying to bring up the information on the CD . Apparently , I did not have the version of `` Family Tree Maker -LRB- FTM -RRB- '' that was required to open it . I had `` FTM 2008 '' , and the accompaning `` Official Guidebook '' written by Tana Pederson Lord , and published by Ancestry Publishing and it did not work to open the disc . The vendor , Greshambooks , promptly returned my money to my Amazon account . Overall , I am very satisfied with my experience .
 EndNote has stepped up with the new X Student Version . It is easier to use , mostly because of its organization and instruction.Pricing , seamless searching and archiving still make this the best bibliography and research paper tool . Loading was quick and easy , with no problems - a huge benefit to people not comfortable with loading software.This was an upgrade for me , so earlier information was ported/accepted without any problems.Note
 I am a doctoral student and so I am writing papers all the time which require citations and references in APA format . I found free trial versions , tried EndNote and a similar program , and decided that I liked EndNote better . You DO have to know something about APA , but from some databases -LRB- such as EbscoHost -RRB- you can export all the information you need -LRB- including the Abstract if you want it -RRB- directly to EndNote . It will save numerous hours of typing and finding typos later . One of the features I liked about EndNote was that it has a field where you can enter up to 64k of your own notes for each reference .
 I am nearing dissertation stage and just discovered how useful Endnote X can be ! My only regret is that I did n't start my doctoral work with this tool , but I 've heard that the X version is by far the most versatile . I especially appreciate being able to organize PDF files in one area . I also enjoy the quick editing function . If you delete a paragraph with an original source , the bibliography entry will disappear and the bibliography will readjust its alphabetization . You can even drag and drop paragraphs to other documents and it will create a new bibliography in the document . The only challenge is formatting the style guide to your institution 's exact preferences if it does n't follow an exact standard format . The instruction booklet and computer literate friends can help you with that glitch .
 Research documentation has gotten a lot easier with Endnote X but there are still some funny quirks that have n't been worked out . I sat for two training sessions before I finally understood how to tweak the program for different sources . This is n't a criticism of the program has much the lack of a standard between information databases . It has components that create toolbars in Microsoft Word and Outlook but sadly not Powerpoint.Much easier then doing things the old way with index cards but there is some ramp up time .
 Working on my doctoral dissertation , Endnotes has been invaluable resource . It organizes , cross-references , downloads from databases , catalogues , saves a copy of my files in one place , and so much more . I do n't know how I ever survived without it !
 There is a learning curve involved in this product , but once you figure out how it works it works really well .
 It 's a very helpful program when you are writing papers and using many sources .
 EndNote made my life so much easier while I was researching a topic for my MBA research Project . The ability to do research on the internet and store it locally within EndNote -LRB- inlcuding http links and PDF versions of the research -RRB- was great .
 Endnot X -LRB- i.e. version 10 -RRB- Useful tool if you write a lot of MLA , APA , IEEE style papers . I 'm not sure what all it will do ... I mostly use it to make sure my references are correct . Work pretty well . It has problems distinguishing between first and last names ... so you have to do a little editing .
 I have just switched over to EndNote from Papyrus . Movement of my old files has been straightforward , if a bit tedious . Some critical information that EndNote should be able to process automatically needs to be done by hand.I have been very happy with my ability to download citations with their abstracts from the web . After years of manual entry , this new system is a dream .
 I originally started with SwishMax 2 years ago to make my personal electronic greeting cards/christmas-cards a little more ` multimedia ' ... PROS : - Price is MUCH cheaper that the full Adobe Flash-MUCH easier to use than Adobe Flash -LRB- especially for simpler stuff -RRB- - Will handle the majority of Flash situations/needs-many built-in templates/wizards to create simple animated Flash-compatible -LRB- SWF -RRB- files-publish to SWF , EXE , AVI , or HTML-can export to Adobe Flash using . SWF files-Actionscript-based sripting language-LOTS of online support forums -LRB- I learned this all by myself , and I 'm not a very good ` programmer ' -RRB- - scripting language is compatible with Actionscript 2.0 CONS : - NOT for computer-novice-you need to be at least comfortable with Windows and simple timeline-editing with wizards & creating/editing objects-Cannot import proprietary Adobe Flash -LRB- . FLA -RRB- files-no ` formal ' training classes are available -LRB- at least that I 've found ; but there are lots of free online forums/examplesI use this for work to create interactive eLearning/computer-based training . I use moderately-complex scripts ... . but it is possible to have VERY complex interactions created.This is NOT for a computer-novice . This is for someone who is familiar with Windows.If you are considering using Adobe Flash to create content , consider this FIRST ... it might save you LOTS of time/effort if you have n't already used Adobe Flash ... . it will fit most people 's needs.You can import existing content , such as sounds , images , even other SWF content.Online support -LRB- via forums/email -RRB- is very good & responsive.Upgrade prices are relatively inexpensive ... and they are constantly improving/developing the software to add features/templates/wizards .
 This program is GREATFast , easy , versatile , this program will save you TONS of learning and development time but give you the same output - swf Macromedia flash files , along with exe and png output . What would take me a week with Flash i can do in minutes with Swishmax - have a look , this took not much time at all - -LSB- ... -RSB- The only downside to this software is that those snotty Flash purists like to look down their nose at it while they spend TONS more time to do their projects.Buy it . You wo n't regret it .
 Amazon service was good.Microsoft Office is goodThe program that came with the package , Virtual PC , could not find the modem in my Mac ibook .
 Oddly , Microsoft made a better version of Office for Mac than they did for Windows . Excel has more database features . Word has a few more formatting options . And , of course , PowerPoint was originally written for the Mac , so it is very much at home . These three are five star products . They work well and do just what you expect . They do the things a full-blown office suite is expected to do . If all you need is a text editor , then use TextEdit , or maybe Open Office . But if you need to do some serious office work , this is pretty much the only game in town , especially if you are working on a laptop and do n't always have access to an Internet connection.Virtual PC is a two star product . It runs much too slowly on a G4 Mac . You can expect some compatibility issues . Of course , it will not run at all on an Intel Mac , nor would you want it to . You are better off with Boot Camp or Parallels . But , for the most part , it does exactly what it claims to do.Most users have a love/hate relationship with Entourage . It is bulky . It stores everything in a huge file where you can not get at it . If somebody sends you a PC virus it gets stuck in that huge file until it is archived and/or deleted . Granted , it will not hurt the Mac , but it is annoying to have it in there . Entourage will not sync with Pocket Windows devices without additional software not available from either Apple or Microsoft -LRB- but check out PocketMac Pro -RRB- . Entourage 's news reader is a joke ; it will not even show threaded discussions . Even Microsoft 's free Outlook Express for Windows is far better . On the plus side , Entourage has a nice calendar . The address book is very good . And the mail utility will work with web-based mail services such as Hotmail , something that Mail can not do.Microsoft is cutting support for Virtual PC , Explorer for OS X , and a few other products , but the rest of Office will be around for a long time . Microsoft claims to be working on a Universal version of Microsoft Office , but given their product development cycle I would not expect release of the next version before sometime in 2008 .
 Best version of office for Mac yet . Much better than the windoz version , easier to use , better layouts of tools . Very simple to install and update , love the new notebook layout . Entourage has been greatly improved . works flawlessly .
 I have been a Mac user for 20 years because I like its straight forward approach to computer . , In my work environment I have become a great fan of Office for PC 's . Mac now has a program with the same power that PC 's have had for years . A great program .
 i own my own business and we really needed mac office months ago . we are very happy now . i totally recommend it . very user friendly .
 For all those in the field of graphics and own a high-end graphics machine -- this is a must-have program , as interfacing with windows users necessitates .
 MS Office has always been a reliable program for me.For those reviewers who are here to market another program while on this site , that 's useless . MS Office can speak for itself , thousands of people use MS Office for a reason . Clearly this is a good product.If you 're truly looking to save yourself some money , be sure you are getting high quality for your money , like you would be with MS Office . Save yourself time and money in the long run by buying a high quality product such as this .
 Great program . Received the item on time . Great price . Thank you .
 This product is a little slow in running on XP but well worth the money . I am a college student again after many years and I am using these programs to review and strenghten my skills .
 This product is good from beginning to end . If students use the software as a study tool , the student may improve their knowledge in Algebra 2 . I purchase this product for my son . It assisted him in learning topics needed for class . If students are self-learners then this is perfect , but if the student need further assistance then this product may help or may not if face to face help is required . The reason , I give this four stars , is because the animation needs work , it is a traditional format without the bells and whistle . Some students need the animated stimulation , and this product is an early edition of computer programming . So take care in your decision to purchase , this one of the situations where you get what you pay for , but the content is worthwhile . Assessments are included as well for practice .
 Excellent transaction . Received timely and in advertised condition . I would do business with this seller again .
 This is a wonderful computer program that is easy to use , and has many creative ways to use it . It is great for my kids who are between 4 and 10 , and I love playing around with it too .
 my daughter who is 6 finished the whole cd and said Mom . . `` now what i did it all '' . i almost felt bad that it wasnt longer because she worked really hard to finish.overall its a good product .
 The ABS Ultimate Business Planner 2.0 provides an excellent tool for the experienced or novice individual who is challenged to write a well organized business plan . While the tool may not work for all who want to add a special flair or the business does not require all the facets as what the plan calls for , the tool does make you think - `` how does this apply to my business ? `` While the tool takes some getting used too , it can be mastered by the most novice or experienced person .
 I use this software with my clients who are applying for business loans . The product is very easy to navigate and the financial section is easy to use and prints out professional graphs , charts and spreadsheets that are banker friendly . It is very easy to navigate through the sections and is a definite improvement from the previous version . I recommend this to anyone who is serious about writing a business plan whether they have experience writing a plan or not .
 I currently use another software program by Atlas Business Solutions called Customer Appointment Manager for our practice and became aware of Ultimate Business Planner through their website . As a CPA , I run into clients who need business plans all the time . I recently purchased QuickBooks Premier 2004 only to discover that Ultimate Business Planner is a `` beefed up '' standalone version of what 's included in QuickBooks Premier -LRB- Atlas Business Solutions and Intuit must have some sort relationship -RRB- . I recommend Ultimate Business Planner to all my clients . It 's easy to use and does a fantastic job . Since Ultimate Business Planner was chosen by Intuit , I know it has to be the best business plan software on the market .
 I used Ulitmate Business Planner to get the money I need to build my hotel . The lending institute was very pleased with the layout of the business plan , on how easy it was to read and follow . I would recommend this software to anyone . If you want to save your self some time , this is the program to get .
 Ultimate Business Planner helped my partner and I get the money we needed to expand our business . It helped us determine what to say in each section of our plan , and it guided us through our financials . Once we were finished , we printed out a professional looking business plan that included several useful charts and graphs , which we presented to our banker for a loan . We would recommend this software to anyone creating a business plan for the first time .
 I have an older model Mac Powerbook G4 and the Powerpoint 2004 that was supposed to be in the Microsoft Office 2004 Suite was somehow deleted . I was able to reinstall Powerpoint 2004 -LRB- old version -RRB- -LRB- Mac -RRB- on my computer with this purchase . So far it has worked well for me .
 The very first time i played this game was at my daughters home . I downloaded the game when i returned home . had the game for four years before i lost the computer . when i bought a new computer , i tried to download the same game from the website bit later found out it was not the same . then i remembered the orginal name of this game and found it on amazon.com . now i have the game itself and can download it any time and where ever i go . i am happy playing the game once again
 I have been a user of Microsoft Money for years and never thought I 'd be swayed away from the big MS , but Quicken Deluxe 2002 by Intuit surely changed my mind in a big way.They have made the interface simple , but powerful . Features such as highlighting recently used functions for quick reference , and dynamicaly generating reports and information are incredibly usefull to me . I hate manageing my finances , but Quicken has made it take alot less time.It 's easier to manage budgets , plan taxes -LRB- The tax forecaster is helping me plan my refund for next year ! -RRB- , track investments -LRB- New this year is the Employee Stock Purchase Tracker ! -RRB- , plan a house -LRB- the mortgage calculator also has links to mortgage companies so you can shop online -RRB- , and manage your bank accounts -LRB- Auto reconcillation is a real timesaver ! -RRB- . Bill Gates , you may have a new battle on your hands , as I give this years version to Intuit Quicken 2002 !
 I have been using Quicken since it 's early DOS versions . In my humble opinion , there is simply no better way to organize all of your finances . Most banks and credit card companies will allow you to download transactions directly into Quicken -LRB- no file download from the institution 's web site , and then import into Quicken -RRB- -- I 'm talking about knowing your recent credit card transactions within a day or two -LRB- in case you are not the type to enter them in right when you get home -RRB- . Manage all your brokerage accounts , 401k , IRA , track your mortgage , car payment , etc. . It is all there , and come tax time - you will be sitting pretty when you need to import your neatly categorized Quicken transactions into TurboTax or TaxCut.You will not be disappointed , I highly recommend Quicken 2002 Deluxe or Suite .
 Yes most of the tables are similar -LRB- 3 or 4 basic layouts for 2D and 3D tables -RRB- but they all have differnet backgrounds and different themes with different music . You might need to upgrage your video card for the 3D tables . Now I know why they call it Pinball Masters . When you play regular pinball you always figure out all the best angles for every shot . Try playing one of these 3D pinball games and you will notice . Just keep your eye on the pinball while everything is always moving , wobbling and rotating side to side .
 I was disappointed with MAC 's iNotes -LRB- or whatever their word processor is called -RRB- because I write a lot . So I bought WORD for MAC and it is just as good as what I have on my PC . It is so much more powerful than the iNotes .
 I use word since as a MAC owner I get a good number of messages from PC users , and using word is quicker than using a decoder such as MacLink
 Excellent software product for MAC OS . Just as good or better than the Windows program .
 Although the installation process is a bit slow , I have no complaints about Word for Mac . Runs swiftly on my black Mac Book . Besides , there is no other word processor that I know of , compatible for both Mac and Windows .
 When my printer died I was unable to finish my book.Then my new printer would n't work with my old version of Word.With Word 2004 installed , I was able to finish my book .
 Word program is excellent . It has many easy to use features , including tool bars.However , I had to wait for quite a while to receive the rpoduct . After checking my order status , which showed that it had been delivered , I had to wait another 5 days before I actually received it . I would order this product directly from Macintosh .
 Bought this game pack for the mahjongg game of 4 winds . Have had the demo version for a long time . Have looked for the game separate and was unable to find for a good price . This is an excellent game of strategy and wit . Love to play it .
 Has a very nice `` Game of Four Winds '' . If you try to buy that game separately it is $ 40 or more ; here under $ 20 .
 It was some years ago when I bought a previous CD version of this Encyclopedia . Although technology has advanced , and Wikipedia has come into existence , Encyclopedia Britannica is more reliable .
 The Encyclopedia Britannica 2007 -LRB- established in 1768 -RRB- is again a completely revamped product . The rate of innovation in the last two editions is impressive and welcome . Its interface is intuitive and uncluttered and it is great fun to use . For instance , it offers a date-based daily selection of relevant information and highly edifying interactive tours of articles and attendant media . The search box is persistent - no need to click on the toolbar 's `` search '' button every time you want to find something in this vast storehouse of knowledge . Moreover , the user can save search results onto handy `` Virtual Notecards '' . The new Britannica 's display is tab-based , avoiding the erstwhile confusing proliferation of new windows with every move . Most importantly , articles appear in full , not in sections . This major improvement facilitates the finding of relevant keywords in and the printing of entire texts . These are only a few of the numerous user-friendly alterations and enhancements . The Britannica seems to have got it entirely right.Perhaps the most refreshing change is the Britannica 's Update Center . Dozens of monthly updates and new , timely articles are made available online -LRB- subject to free registration -RRB- . A special button alerts the user when an article in the base product has been updated . Regrettably , unlike in the Encarta , the updates can not be downloaded to the user 's computer or otherwise incorporated into the vast encyclopedia.The Britannica provides considerably more text than any other extant encyclopedia , print or digital . But its has noticeably enhanced it non-textual content over the years -LRB- the 1994-7 editions had nothing or very little but words , words , and more words -RRB-
 I trust the information I find from Britannica and so invested in the 2007 Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite.It has something for everyone.I use it side by side with Microsoft Encarta and together I get a more complete subject review.I prefer the content of Britannica but for ease of use Encarta is still superior.I look forward to Britannica making the interface and ease of use better in future productions and that is why I am only able to award 4 stars .
 The hard-copy of Britannica has been the standard in reference for centuries , now you can have all of that , with video , audio , tons of photos , and extra support from the web for a fraction of the price of the original . For what you get , it 's an incredible deal and an indispensable part of any reference library .
 I did a review on the 2005 version when it was new . It was a horrible product then but was greatly improved in 2006 . This trend continues in this new 2007 version . It has many new features from 2006 so I have not regretted making the upgrade . The above reviewer wrote a very complete and helpful review so let me just say he is dead on . This is an outstanding product and highly recommend it . You will not be disappointed in this new version .
 I won a set of the full printed version during a spelling bee a few years back , but find the DVD version very good -LRB- and sure takes up less space -RRB- . I look forward to its evolution .
 This is a great encyclopaedia , and it is a fabulous deal to get it cheaply on DVD . While it is not as extensive and up-to-the-minute as Wikipedia , the articles are much better written and more reliable . -LRB- I warn my students not to trust anything on Wikipedia . -RRB- The text of the articles on the DVD appears to be identical to that of the printed version ; however some of the figures from the printed version appear to be missing from the DVD . -LRB- I ca n't be sure about this because I am comparing with the 2002 printed version . -RRB- Unfortunately , the maps on the DVD are of much lower quality than those in the printed version.The interface for reading the articles is pretty good . It features tabbed browsing , and it gives you whole articles -LRB- unlike a previous edition -RRB- . In my opinion the multimedia extras are cheesy and not worth the disk space . Maybe children will like them , I do n't know . Anyway , get this for the text , not for the extras .
 The last reviewer did n't see any point to this software . Partially that 's true -- you do n't need it to create your photostamp , you can do the same thing online . However , there is one big plus to the software product
 I put a photo of my `` All American '' tiger tabby on a stamp and it came out very good and I got a lot of response on it . I am going to do the same for my Christmas cards by putting the church altar decorated for Christmas on the stamp .
 Instant Copy by Pinnacle Systems is by far one of the best dvd back-up pieces of software currently out on the market . everything the adds say about is abilities are true , and more so . With every upgrade being released this has been a major contender in its field . It does every thing it says it does ! Of course you need a separate program to rip the protected files from the dvd to the hd -LRB- and its free -RRB- . This process takes only 9 mins and once done you can manipulate the file structure easily with Instant Copy and make flawless copies . STOP bashing this program and learn what the process is all about before opening your mouth .
 This is even better than DVDXCOPY since it allows you to `` shrink '' content on large DVDs , and does not contain the dreaded `` nag '' screen.I have had little luck going direct from reencoding ripped files to blank DVD without copy buffer errors , but complete luck going from reencoding to hard drive , then from hard drive to DVD .
 You need a dvd burner first off . Put in a DVD -LRB- that you own -RRB- and rip it to your hd . Once that 's done allow it to transcode the video -LRB- takes about 2 hours on fast computers for 2 hour movie -RRB- . Then it 'll burn and voila . For tips and tricks check out doom9 dot org forums and you 'll be well on your wake to making DVD backups .
 Yes , it 's true that Instant Copy wo n't copy DVDs , but there 's plenty of shareware out there that will rip the image for you on your hard drive -LRB- and it does n't take THAT much space
 Those that have given Instant Copy poor reviews seem to have focused on the fact that if the DVD is `` copyrighted '' , a third-party DVD decrypter must first be used to transfer the DVD to a hard-disk . It should n't stretch the imagination to assume that this is none for legal reasons . You do also need a DVD writer.It is also true that there are -LRB- mostly freeware -RRB- software out there that can perform similar functions to Instant Copy . However , there is no `` free '' software as easy to use as I.C. and acts as a single , unified package.One place where Instant Copy is in a class by itself is in the backup of compilation DVD 's -LRB- e.g. , The Sopranos Season X -RRB- . Instant Copy leads the way in it 's ability to 1 -RRB- maintain the original menu systems and related extra content , and 2 -RRB- compress this content onto one consumer-grade DVD.Users should note that Instant Copy , like all similar products , offers no free lunch . Most commerical DVD 's hold about twice the data that consumer-grade recordable DVD 's hold . Compression is required to squeeze the original data down to fit -- the more you compress , the more data -LRB- i.e. picture quality -RRB- is lost.Another nice feature of Instant Copy is that it does allow the user to specify the size of the final , compressed data . This is expecially useful if the DVD blanks you are recording on tend to have a problem writing data at the extreme outer edge of the DVD.If the potential buyer is looking for an EXACT backup of their DVD , then a product like DVDXCOPY may be a better choice . However , you will then always be required to use two blank single-sided DVDs or one blank double-sided DVD to do a 1:1 copy of most commercial DVDs .
 How people think that copyrighted DVDs are going to be easily copied is beyond me . A program that would do that would be , by definition , illegal . Two different programs work , though . First , start of with SmartRipper , in the `` backup '' mode , then use Instant Copy . Viola !! Flawless BACKUP copies !!! Once your movie is ripped , Pinnacle Instant Copy has the easiest to understand user interface , as well as making backups that look hard to distinguish from the original . I highly recommend this program as a complement with SmartRipper .
 There are a few other software products that you could use that try to do the same thing as InstantCopy , but none do it better or as easily : DVD95Copy
 This software is excellent . But first , you must use dvd decrypter -LRB- a free software -RRB- so you can copy your dvd to the hard drive first -LRB- even the copyrighted for backup purposes , remember that it 's illegal to sell copies of copy right material -RRB- . When using DVD Decrypter , choose to decrypt all files . Then use instant copy to burn the DVD , be sure to use the `` customized resize '' in the Copy Method of the DVD Menu , so you can take off the extra features -LRB- like subtitles , or second audio tracks ... -RRB- to improve the video quality . You can actually copy all the DVD but because you 're copying from a 9.4 gb dvd to a 4.7 gb , the image loses resolution -LRB- shrinkage process -RRB- , so it 's up to you , if you want all the extras or sacrifice them for a better picture . You can see the percentage of the imgae that will be kept ! DVD X Copy splits the movie into 2 DVDs!It has never crashed , and it takes like 40 minutes to burn a DVD !
 Buy it , period , Great product . use it with DVD Decrpter -LRB- Free -RRB-
 I purchased this program to make backup copies of certain DVDs in my home collection so that my kids could watch and handle the copies without damaging the originals . This program worked wonderfully and I later purchased the upgrade to version 8 . One of the things I did n't like about it was that you could n't deselect certain portions of the DVD that you did n't want copies but I found a patch on the internet that solved that problem . Another thing I did n't like was that sometimes the file size would be too big or smaller than it needed to be . But overall , this program was well worth the purchase - I wish Pinnacle had n't stopped making it .
 Wow ! I guess I am lucky - no problem installing or using . I use Windows XP and have had to reinstall after a crash with no prob . I use this software to edit songs for my -LRB- personal hobby -RRB- internet radio station - it is excellent for that ! I have also used the software to ID3 tag MP3 's that did n't show up correctly on CDDB , and I love the crossfade function for my mixes . I am not an expert on anything technical , and this software has been pretty user friendly for me . I plan to upgrade to version 5 when it comes out .
 I finally got some help . Not from Steinberg but from Pinnacle systems . We had to edit a couple of registry entries before the software would work . Now I have to say I am pleased with the product . I was using MusicMatch and I 've left it alone to use myMP3 Pro .
 If you want to keep your personal password and account information safe and close at hand , Passwords Plus is an easy , inexpensive alternative to the little pieces of paper floating around in your wallet . There is no learning curve and the lists are flexible and easy to personalize . Best of all , you 'll keep finding new uses for it such as insurance policies , warranties , serial # 's , banking , business . Now that this information is safely with me , I refer back to it quite often . If you are concerned with security and want to organize your personal data , I highly recommend this program .
 The absolute best feature of this software is the ability to sync with your handheld . The ability to call-up any password or account info in my handheld when I 'm travelling is the exact feature I was looking for , but yet have all the info also stored on my computer at home . The reason I only gave four stars is the lack of a search function in the application - you have to scroll through all your entries to find the one you want .
 TTax Deluxe for tax year 2012 is just as solid as it was for TYs 2009 , 2010 and 2011 . It works smoothly , and thus far this season it 's been getting updates as necessary to factor in the tax changes made by our `` esteemed '' -LRB- < < Sarcasm Intended -RRB- Congress in the over-hyped `` fiscal cliff negotiation '' sessions of late Dec2012 into early Jan2013 , but I digress ... As a long-time TurboTax users , I & my wife use the very handy `` Forms View '' -LRB- hit Cntrl +2 for that -RRB- to enter info directly into the appropriate forms -LRB- Too Many Forms - > all taxpayers deserve a simpler , more straight forward tax code and tax return forms but alas Congress is n't listening , but I digress ... again ... -RRB- . TTax 's `` Interview '' method is a good way for the less-experienced taxpayers to prepare their returns , the interviews seem to ask all the right questions and seek to help taxpayer 's find and report income and deductions.SO I 'm 95 % Thumbs-up on TurboTax Deluxe again this year . My only gripe is that I have to pay $ 40 to add TTax software for a second state , that seems very expensive to me -LRB- $ 20 - $ 25 would be acceptable -RRB- . At least the first state software is included with TTax 2012 Deluxe .
 I 've been using SureThing Labeler since Version 2 , and it just keeps getting better and better . I regularly use this software for data CD 's and backups so I can easily tell what I 've put on the disk.If you follow the Design Wizard , the software will lead you to create labels for CDs , jewel cases and spine labels , zip disks , tape cassettes , hub labels and mini disks , to mention a few . If you have a printer and an appropriate label stock , you can label your home media with custom-created art.I tried out SureThing for several applications
 I dont know about this version but im telling you Version 3 is simply the best labelling product around . Mostly it is because of the magnificent amount of background art but once you start to get a hang of the program -LRB- it took a good while -RRB- You will love it because it is very versatile . I expect people complain for the same reasons ... i.e I was very confused when I started working with the program ... Now I really love it .
 There were several problems with Version 3 that made me give it a 3 star review . And those things have been fixed . Thank goodness ! 1 -RRB- I can type a playlist , save it as a text file , and import it easily . I do n't mind typing a bit ... that way I get the format I like . But importing a txt file is a big improvement .2 -RRB- Aspect ratio is retained when scaling an image . It used to require a sure eye and care to keep the aspect image .3 -RRB- And now images can be imported directly from the interface -- I used to open an image program , copy from there , and paste into the label . No more .4 -RRB- More flavors and more flexibility in editing layouts .5 -RRB- Creating a text frame is much easier ... I make a lot of compilation CDs , and want to place text where I want . Much easier to do now .6 -RRB- Some simple image editing is included ... very nice . If I imported an image and could n't make it fit , I had to go back to my image program and fix it , then re-import . Not major stuff , but enough to fix small problems nicely.There are others , but these are the issues I found most annoying with the old version . And they are gone.One more thing . I have put these labels on several hundred CDs since about 2001 or so . I have never had one not play as a result of the label , or never had a problem withthe label peeling off or obstructing the player in any way.Works great -- worth the money for a simple , superior product .
 I got this software 2 days ago . Without reading any of the help or doing the tutorials , I was able to create and print CD inserts . I 've made 4 so far and each time I get better . It 's simple to import file info from Windows Media Player . For me I have to bring it in as a file which is no problem because it is one of the options , it just looks like you should be able to bring it in from the player itself . Of course , maybe you can and I just have n't read the instructions . I was able to create an insert from a picture I have saved in a jpeg file . This is the first software of this type I have used so I have no comparison but I doubt that I 'll going looking for anything new . But , in comparison to PrintMaster or even worse Paint Shop this is a snap . Everything is intuitive . This is the best $ 25 software I have ever bought .
 I 've used many labeling programs over the years and SureThing wins hands down . The best thing about SureThing is how many pre-printed stock labels it supports . No matter what brand of CD labels , insert cards , etc that you buy , chances are SureThing has a template for it right there in the menu . One of the things I find most frustrating with other programs is the lack of out of the box support . Sometimes a certain label stock gets discontinued or becomes hard to find and you 're forced to switch . Other times genertic labels that are just as good are much cheaper than some of the known brands , so to have a program that supports almost everything will cut down on the frustration time . SyreThing is also updated regularly . Very good especially the support for new labels that come out . If you 're connected to the net you can check for updates from within the program and download them from the SureThing 's web site.The interface looks very attractive and more importantly it 's very functional and easy to use . Another labeling program I used has a great looking interface but it was very slow , even on my Pentium4 2.0 GHZ system with 1000MB of RAM . The built-in selection of background images that comes with SureThing are very nice . You can have quick professional looking labels with just a few clicks . Also all the images can be used on every single template , which is great if you want to create a set of labels that actually match . I 've noticed other programs will give you template images for a CD , but you ca n't use that same image for the case without losing quality . All in all , this is the best labeling software I 've used , and well worth the price . SureThing has a fully functional 15-day free trial version of the program available for downloading at their web site . Try before you buy .
 I absolutely love this game ! I can see why it got game of the year . THe story is very good , along with the music and the graphics are a dream , I 've never seen anything like them ! However , a few words of advice , you will need a walkthrough or a cheat book , you can get these cheats at http://www.gamespot.com , it takes a while to find them but it 's worth it . look under adventure games , and if its a pc game look under pc adventure games . I 'm anxious to play Syberia II .
 This game is amazing ! One of the single best adventure games I have played , to date ! All you have to do is read the reviews from all the major gaming websites ! They will all agree that this game is incredible !! You wo n't regret buying Syberia !
 The word of God , is good regardless of the format it comes in , yet I love this bible on CD because it can be used as a aid as you study and meditate on the word of God from day to day . Its convenient and reliable because when you do n't want to read the word of God , you can listen to it via CD . Its such a blessing !
 We love this cd . It has so many different ways to learn and keeps the kids interested . There is matching with an animal shop , shapes , counting money , place value , greater than less than , measuring , and even an arcade . My son is always asking to play this game and has helped reinforce his skills and abilities to figure things out . He especially likes the make believe travel on the bus , subway and boat . they make it seem like you are moving . It has 3 levels so it can grow with the child . A great purchase to help with math skills for any child ! We love it and would highly recommend it . We needed something to reinforce math and this is a great help !
 I bought this game for my 5 year old to give him something educational and also fun to do to keep him busy while his siblings napped . He has played the game for hours and hours . He is advanced in his math skills , preforming on a 2nd or 3rd grade level and he has enjoyed the game very much . The game has several aspects that challenge kids in multiple types of mathematics . The basic gist of the game is that the kids need to go to each shop keeper in the town and help them get their stores in order . The child receives payment for working in the stores and once the city is back up and running the arcade re-opens . The child can then go into the arcade and spend the money they have earned on more traditional style video games . My child played some games at the arcade and got bored . He went back to the menu and raised the challenge level to go back out into all the stores . This game has so many different educational aspects and it presents them in a way that is fun . There is sorting , pattern building , money concepts , weights and measures , estimations , time , schedules , geometry and of course addition and subtraction . The best part is my 4 year old was able to get on to the game at the easiest level and play many of the games with some help from mom . He had a great time and learned a lot too.I highly recommend this game . I do n't like my children to play mindless video games and they do n't want to work through dry educational software . This game really teaches them a lot and they ask to play.Beware this software does not work with Mac 's latest OS 10.8
 This software has many many legal documents you can print upit is great
 I rented this software from the Library . It is a 3 disc program . My 3rd grader -LRB- almost 4th grader -RRB- loves the Ultimate Field Trips and Mystery Club volume 3 . The fundamentals disc is a little too hard for her right now , so it is challenging . I played it because it looked fun and it was fun for me to play . I love the `` mystery '' tone of the software . I like these programs because there are fun games that do not get boring , and while your kids are playing the games , they are also learning a lot . I am going to purchase this software and the 3rd grade ADVANCED program so my child can review through the summer .
 I 've used many of the Jumpstart Advanced programs . The best time to use them is the summer , once your child has completed a grade . As a teacher I find that most parents get the grade ahead for thier child . What they do n't realize is that to go into the next grade prepared , students should remember and master all that was taught in the last grade . Jumpstart is a better alternative to a workbook.When my son completed the 2nd grade I bought him the Jumpstart Advanced 2nd grade . I did the same when he completed the 1st . Now he is in the 4th grade I will do the same.He really enjoys the games . The programs provide a no pressure review of what he learned . He needs help with the material he did not master and he practices what he already knows . The Jumpstart offers an alternative way to review and maintain skills . I think it is a must for the summer . Jumpstart plus a lot of reading will help your child . They will go into the next grade prepared .
 We got this game for our daughter a few weeks before entering third grade . One of the three disks is amazingly good -- you play a variety of educational games to capture villanous robots who are changing the past to prevent key inventions . This larger game is made up of smaller games , like one where you answer historical questions -LRB- and get to choose again until you get it right -RRB- and then the narrator tells you a bit of trivia related to that question -LRB- e.g. , pasturizing milk -RRB- . My daughter loved this game and learned a whole lot in the process . There are math & reading & logic skills , but also a lot of general knowledge . After playing this game , she knows a lot about famous artists and recognizes all of the famous statues . The game conveys a lot on history and geography in a really enjoyable format . The other two disks have games that are similar but not quite as fun.I ca n't imagine why the other reviewers did n't like this game . My daughter played the whole thing on her own , learned a lot , and enjoyed herself immensely .
 StoryMaker is my internet nickname and you can call me that . JS Adv. 3rd Grade is fun . I only entered 3rd grade but I like JS Adv. 3rd Grade a lot . I like the learning activities - fun ! Only , I 've never finished it . I 've never even saved the first robot . That 's because the time machine quiz was too hard for me and the only way to exit in the TMQ it is to use the Alt , Ctrl , and Delete keys -LRB- hold them down at the same time -RRB- because the go back/exit button dose n't work at that point . So I just play the activities lots more times and never finish . -LRB- My sister , Russian Blue Witch , has finished it 2 times ! -RRB- Good software , but you ca n't finish it if you do n't know lots of history and you need to memorize years and dates . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 grandkids played with this some . will see if they continue to work on this disc this year . just too busy
 My 2nd grade son loves Jump Start 3rd grade ! I helped him through some questions , yes , but what a great learning adventure . He has played the game many times and has captured all of the robots . We have even given the game as a gift to friends who enjoyed playing it at our house .
 this S/W is great for organizing large numbers of e-mails , like sports pools and clubs . Pulls mail from Outlook and sumarizes everything into one easy to use Excel spreadsheet . A must have for anyone organizing groups or clubs .
 For the price ... Knowledge Adventue should have a real `` winner '' here - suited for children in grades 1st-5th this program has a lot going for it - children get to ride a seahore and zap letters to make words - catch the correctly spelled word before it becomes food for a hungry crocodile and pop bubles and shoot space ships to form words and score high - the games are fast , all controled with the arrow keys and space bar on your computer keyboard - complete on screen instructions all the way - great music and sound - with 1700 pre-programmed words children are not going to run out of words for a long time - but the part of this program that is really going to put it far above the rest is the editing section - here you , as a mom or dad - or a teacher can put in your child 's `` real '' weekly spelling words - the program will then break them down to be used just like the pre-programmed words - children enjoy playing games - learning spelling this way is a `` heck '' of a lot more fun then sitting at a desk and writing a word over , and over , and over again for twenty-five to fifty times until you had it memorized like I had to do when I went to school - please , buy this title for your children who will be in grades 1st-5th you will not be sorry and your children will thank you for all the fun - I am the Grandmother of 4 - two of my grandchildren are in school , one is a first grader and the other is in second grade - Grandma is well pleased to be able to give them such a fine piece of software to begain school with this year - Knowledge Adventure 's Jump Start Study Helpers Spelling Bee is a real winner - to let you in on a little secret this old Grandma plays these games before I give them to my grandchildren - why - so that I will know what they are like - and be able to help my grandchildren if they run into problems . Buy it ! Enjoy it ! - for the small price tag you will NOT be sorry you did.Jacqueline Lee Wilson
 I brought this product to help my sons , ages 6 and 11 with spelling , and it is really helping them . They enjoy playing the games .
 15 minutes with this computer game is part of my 3 school-aged children 's homework every night . I 've tried letting them skip it every now and then - their weekly spelling test grades have been lower each time . Every Monday I enter 3 spelling lists - each one takes about 5-10 minutes to enter . Some of the graphics could be clearer , and the voice could also be clearer - but we 've got to remember that this generation is very accustomed to computerized graphics and sound . I just bought our second disk as 2 years of daily use has finally worn out the last disk . Bottom line is it helps the kids and they enjoy it .
 This is awesome !! My kids play the game using the ` game ' words or I 'll put in their spelling words or sight words and they 'll play it also . Terrific game - do n't mind the kids sitting in front of the computer !!!
 This game is good to help learn new spelling words . The down side is that this game onlyHas three games it plays with the words I have had the gamFor about a month and my 6 yr old is saying its boring . I do love the progress reportsthat you can print out to see how your child is doing
 this is really an easy program to use.It also captures stock market charts , so I do n't need to print them all out . and does photos as well with only 10-12K size .
 This game is cool and fun . You can go under water and there are lots of different rescue vehicles to use .
 I 've used a lot of PSP conversion software -LRB- movies to PSP -RRB- , but none of them was a simple and complete as this package . What 's best is that the software not only converts your movies , but also stores and organizes them for you so when you delete a movie off your PSP , you do n't have to worry about converting it again if you want to watch it again.All products lack a ripper because of Hollywoods ridiculous limitations on their movies , but I personally find that Anydvd does a great job - you install anydvd , run video vault , then presto ! all you dvds can be transferred to your PSP .
 For those of you racking your brains trying to download your movies onto your psp stop , the solution to your problem is here ! first and foremost , stop being fooled by other psp software that leads you to belive that they remove all of the copywrite protection from your dvd 's because THEY DONT ! all you need is basically
 I have used and still using this program as it is by far the best scanning one I have found . You can actually scan and print it out the exact same size as the original copy . Plus other features I enjoy.Thank You , John Green
 My 7-year-old LOVES this game . He 'd play from sun up to sun down if I let him . I hear him cheering and clapping in the other room and he 's having so much fun!I 'm VERY anti-violence , so when he got this game I was concerned . I was pleased to discover that although the ships sometimes fire on each other , no people are ever involved . This makes it so much more abstract and less about killing . When you capture forts , you fire on canons only and never see people . When you capture other ships , your knife is used only to chop up fruit that 's thrown at you by skeletons . Once you capture their gold , you 're on your way to fulfill another mission.Frankly , this game is so much fun I have to admit to playing it myself !
 We have had hours of fun playing this game together . We have two grandsons , aged 7 & 3 . They have enjoyed becoming the Pirate King over and over again.It has just the right amount of challenges and the fact that you can remodel your ship has been a source of joy for our 3 year old grandson . You can also print your achievement certificates and copies of your ships . It was well worth the money ! If you want hours of fun with your 3 to 8 year olds buy it and you too , can become the Pirate King!As an adult some of the conversational dialogue is tediously repetitious .
 i work in a child center at lifetime fitness and this game is on the computer and one day i decided to play this game because we didnt have any kids and i wanted to kill some time after playing it for 5 mins i found myself getting involed . it 's so simple but it 's so fun . the next day i went and order it online .
 Hi , I 'm StoryMaker . I 've been a fan of JumpStart software since I was in Kindergarten . I got JumpStart Study Helpers Math Booster from the library recently . I have to say , I am quite pleased ! Frankie the dog introduces kids to 3 arcade games that teach math . You can use the content chooser to pick a level & a topic OR you can enter your own math problems and make custom lists to use in the game . This CD-ROM is not only fun but educational for a wide age range . Subjects available in the content chooser include additon , subtraction , multiplication , division , percentages , decimals , & fractions . They only let you do additon , subtraction , multiplication & division for the custom lists , but it 's no big deal . Also , I do n't like how they only display the custom lists you made on the username they were made on , but still no huge deal.The games are : Galactic Pinball
 Knowledge Adventure 's Jump Start Study Helpers Math Booster ... is another real winner for all children in grades 1st-5th - like is partner - Knowledge Adventure 's Jump Start Study Helpers Spelling Bee - this program has cute , fast paced , great music and sound three styles of arcade-like games to teach your children their math facts - no more boring math flash cards - learn math on a fast paced pinball machine , or arrange math facts for the the `` burpers '' or `` smack '' space ships and and space rocks to get correct answers to math problems - fast and fun - even for an old Grandma , me - all games are controled using the arrow keys and space bar excep to the outer space game where you shoot with a mouse - like the Spelling Bee it has over 800 pre-programmed math problems - all basic subjects are covered - addition , subtraction , muliplication , division , decimals and percentages in SIX different leveals - will auto advance at your child 's own speed - on screen instructions for everything - also , like its partner , Jump Start Study Helpers Spelling Bee - you can program your child 's `` real '' weekly math problems in to this program so they can learn their `` real '' weekly school math lessons in a fun arcade style of learning - you will love it for the small price tag - your children will love it for all of the fun they will have - and you will love it even more when your child brings home a A + grade on their report card in Math . The -LSB- low price -RSB- is `` right '' - please buy it - once again this old Grandma is happy to be able to send my first grader , and my second grader back to school this year with this GREAT study tool . Knowledge Adventure can be very proud of these two programs ther Jump Start Study Helpers Math Booster and their Jump Start Study Helpers Spelling Bee - buy them both and enjoy!A very pleased Grandmother , Jacqueline Lee Wilson
 Knowledge Adventure 's Jump Start Study Helpers Math Booster with a small price tag of only -LSB- $ -RSB- is another real winner for all children in grades 1st-5th - like is partner - Knowledge Adventure 's Jump Start Study Helpers Spelling Bee - this program has cute , fast paced , great music and sound three styles of arcade-like games to teach your children their math facts - no more boring math flash cards - learn math on a fast paced pinball machine , or arrange math facts for the the `` burpers '' or `` smack '' space ships and and space rocks to get correct answers to math problems - fast and fun - even for an old Grandma , me - all games are controled using the arrow keys and space bar excep to the outer space game where you shoot with a mouse - like the Spelling Bee it has over 800 pre-programmed math problems - all basic subjects are covered - addition , subtraction , muliplication , division , decimals and percentages in SIX different leveals - will auto advance at your child 's own speed - on screen instructions for everything - also , like its partner , Jump Start Study Helpers Spelling Bee - you can program your child 's `` real '' weekly math problems in to this program so they can learn their `` real '' weekly school math lessons in a fun arcade style of learning - you will love it for the small price tag - your children will love it for all of the fun they will have - and you will love it even more when your child brings home a A + grade on their report card in Math . The price of only -LSB- $ -RSB- is `` right '' - please buy it - once again this old Grandma is happy to be able to send my first grader , and my second grader back to school this year with this GREAT study tool . Knowledge Adventure can be very proud of these two programs ther Jump Start Study Helpers Math Booster and their Jump Start Study Helpers Spelling Bee - buy them both and enjoy!A very pleased Grandmother , Jacqueline Lee Wilson
 I bought this for my nine year old . He has trouble in math . He loves it and it makes him learn to do his multiplication without counting on his fingers .
 This was a good purchase . I have a 6 yr old who 's advance in math . She likes the game adjustment so she can switch from level to level . I like that I can adjust what she works on and I can see how she 's doing without have to watch her play.There are two down falls - 1 . that they do n't give the correct answer after the child has made a error . =-LRB- 2 . There is no explanation of how to work the problems . A quick little explanation page would have been nice for the sections?The controls were a bit hard for her to do -LRB- the pinball was hard for her -RRB- but , she in all honestly she 's not a gamer like some kids are .
 fun for kids 5 to 13 + + because different levels can be achieved ; fun way to improve math skills and be challenged .
 I am very pleased on how quick my order was expedited . I was happy to receive it so soon
 I 've been using Cinematize since Cinematize 1 . Cinematize 2 works very well for me . Before I found Cinematize , I had to do the same thing in very round-about way . I use Cinematize 2 to extract short clips from various DVDs I have and to create favorite scene collections . I also want to mention that my experience with Miraizon tech support has been more than satisfactory . In fact , it 's some of the best FREE tech support I 've ever gotten . Plus once you get a hang of it , the program is very easy to use anyway . I highly recommend this product ! It 's a life saver .
 Cinematize is one of those rare programs that lives up to its claims . It 's simple , and easy to use right out of the box . I only wish that I could hear the audio when I 'm selecting parts to clip . Perhaps in time they 'll come up with a version that will enable that . Until then , this is the best .
 I use it with iMovie 06 and iDVD 11 , works great.Easy to use with excellent quality . For better quality I normally use with iMovie 06 , but when I 'm not being too picky I will use iMovie 11 .
 This software is by far the most intuitive business card software I 've tried . Like lots of other packages , it has a nice library of templates , clip art and integrates nicely with iPhoto . But unlinke lots of the others , it does n't lock you in - you can just as easily import almost anything you 've created in other programs and work with these objects as well . All in all , excellent value for the money .
 From the time of opening the package to my first set of printed cards was less than thirty minutes . I have had other products that have taken that long to load into my iMac . This program has been very easy to use , multiple changes easy to make , and an end product that has been very conducive to my needs . Well done and high!y recommended !
 With OS X 10.4.3 Tiger , Apple continues to provide significant improvements to its operating system . The upgrade went smoothly . I love the speed and the new features in their new search engine , Spotlight . I also like the new Dashboard , although there is a bit of fluff there.My main criticism continues to be Apple 's minimalist approach to on-line help . It is not true that every feature of the OS is self-evident , and Apple does n't seem to make much of an effort to enlighten .
 The features and functionality are great , but what might also be of interest to lagging Mac upgraders are the speed enhancements . It made my clamshell graphite iBook much snappier , and even improved performance on our son 's antique CRT iMac .
 One Mac did not have a DVD reader , Apple exchanged the DVD for CD 's , all work out great .
 I use this to back up my network Server and workstations . It 's frighteningly easy to set up and administer and even backing up whilst users are running -LRB- with the Advanced Open File module included -RRB- has minimal impact on either the PC/Server being backed up or even on the network . A big plus is being able to backup to hard disks instead of to relatively slow tape media -LRB- unless you spend a fortune on your tape drive -RRB- . If you want a first rate business back-up solution then this is it !!!!
 This was a really fun CDrom . I was disappointed when I finished the last movie . I would have loved to just keep going.I had previously been a Fireworks user for quit some time but I tried this CD out anyway and I am really glad I did . I can use Fireworks far better and it takes me less time now to work with it.Because of Abigail Rudner 's CDrom I am a queen on the pen tool ! Before it frightened me and when I tried to use it it attacked me and ran back into the tool box . She teaches you how to wrangle it and its one of my favorite tools.The most important thing I feel I learned with this CDrom is using the effects , optimizing settings thoroughly , getting the best possible quality without paying for it with huge file sizes , and balancing the settings so my artwork is n't drastically changed when imported into other media programs.I feel this CDrom is perfect for beginners but if intermediate users viewed the lessons they would still learn a bit and enjoy it . I know I did . ; o -RRB-
 I remember this game from my childhood , and I loved the navigation/adventure aspects while playing . This game is a monument to the rest of the series , so you got ta own the original , and it wo n't disappoint unless you 've played the remake with better graphics . But still , see what the hype was about back before the series was big . Every level in Tomb Raider is so artfully crafted , the design to figure out the physical puzzles is amazing . This game is Pitfall combined with Indiana Jones titles , except the protagonist is a much hotter female who knows parkour . Basically it 's a parkour game with pistols , set in ancient ruins to find sacred artifacts . Very fun and challenging to maneuver with jumping dynamics ! Cool to watch when your doing mid-air somersaults over a grizzly bear unloading clips of ammo into it 's head . < - That 's the overall tone of the game , ha satisfying to play if you like exploration titles . Because this is the root of them .
 Yes , this is a classic . If you want to own it , then buy it . If you want to * play * it , hold off ; there 's already rumours that the same team who made Tomb Raider
 Alot of people give Macscan flak , saying that they do n't need anti-spyware because they are using the Apple OS . That is , frankly , wrong . Spyware & Viruses do exist for Apple computers , however they are far rarer then their PC counterparts . The whole bit about Apple computers being better than PCs because they `` do n't get viruses '' is nonsense . Granted , if you practice safe surfing you will more than likely never find Mac spyware , but there is always the possibility.First off , I do n't recommend buying the cd version of this software . Get it direct , from the website , so you can have the latest version -LRB- google or wiki it , it 's MacScan by Secure Mac , I ca n't post links here -RRB- . If you are unsure of the product they have a demo . When I have emailed with questions or problems I have found them to be reasonably responsive.Now , people complain about the license . Here is a simple fact - most software gives you exactly one license key , and that is good for one computer . If you do n't save it and your computer is formatted or corrupted , you 're always out of luck - that is not something unique to Macscan . Some software companies -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- are very willing to bend the rules and help you find your license key , but the fact remains it is your responsibility to maintain and keep it where you need it.Now , here is the problem with Apple computers . You want Anti spyware ? This is it . Mac Scan has no competition because of the fact that most people believe the myth that Apple computers are not susceptible to any threats . Will Mac Scan protect you from all threats ? NO . You need an Anti Virus and a firewall , AND you need to keep them all up to date . Will Mac Scan catch threats that Apple software update , firewalls and anti-virus are n't programmed to ? YES.Fortunately , Apple computers typically have a built in firewall , so all you need to do is turn it on . As for an Anti Virus ? I recommend Avast ! for Macintosh . I have found the Avast help forum to be a wonderful tool , their customer service is good . If you are looking for a free Anti-Virus for Mac , I have heard some people use `` Clam X AV '' but I have never tested it myself.Basically , Macscan is a sturdy program . I give it 4 stars because the update process -LRB- once you have the license -RRB- is cumbersome -LRB- You have to `` purchase '' for $ 0.00 the upgrade when new engines come out -RRB- . I would recommend getting this program and scanning once a week for anyone who connects to the internet with an Apple/Mac computer . Most of what you find will be harmless tracking cookies , but it 's good to know that this program will also catch the Trojans and keyloggers as well.What is the biggest reason to secure your Mac against threats ? Common courtesy . Because here 's something you probably have n't considered - even though YOU might not be affected by the latest PC nonsense , you might be spreading it to your friends and family who have PCs.I recommend that anyone with a Mac get a mac Anti-Virus , Macscan , turn on their firewall , and use either the Firefox or Google Chrome Browser for the internet . If you use Firefox , use the addon `` Noscript '' and the add on `` Ad Block Plus '' -LRB- for Ad Block subscribe to the Easy List -RRB- , If you use Chrome , get Ad Block Plus . This will prevent most bad scripts from even making it through your browser.There is another program you may want to consider as well , called `` Little Snitch '' . I call it my second firewall , although my friends have called it a `` port sniffer '' , I 'm not sure if that is accurate . It is a program that reports any outgoing and in coming computer traffic and allows you to block any that you feel is suspicious . You can set up rules to allow programs through and to have repeat access . I do n't recommend this one for novice computer users though , as if you do n't know what you 're doing you can block yourself from getting updates or from the internet by accident.My final recommendation for Mac security can be applied to PCs as well - DO NOT USE AN ADMINISTRATOR ACCOUNT FOR GENERAL USE . When you use the Admin for everything , it is alot easier for programs to get in and mess with things . Set up a Basic User account via System preferences and use that for day to day things . That way , before a program can install , it will have to ask for permission.This will give you even more control over what is installed on your machine.In summation , you own a mac ? You need anti virus and anti spyware . Mac Scan is a good program , costs $ 30 , a little cumbersome but ultimately effective . Do your system updates , turn on your system firewall , buy an anti-virus program & Mac Scan and keep them up to date . Scan at least once a week , with both programs . Use a secure browser like Firefox or Google Chrome , and use a basic user account for general computer use.Do these things and you 'll probably never have an issue with Mac spyware or viruses . They are rare , so with a little luck and computer savy you may never have to suffer like your PC buddies , but constant vigilance is never a bad thing.Also , do n't buy it used , used items typically do not have the license key available .
 I previously owned the first version of this program . Back then it was n't all that pretty , but it did the job . I recently purchased the new version for my MacBook Air , and it performs as advertised . I do wish that the update process was slightly easier , but I 'm still learning Lion . Will probably buy another copy for my daughter to take to college . When will MacScan release version 3 ?
 My macbook pro was really lethargically slow and I ran the mac scan it it brought MY COMPUTER BACK TO LIFE ! I have cocktail but it does n't do a very thorough job . Very good product .
 I thought it was so easy to use , I got my mac a year ago and love it more than any computer I 've ever been across . This program was so easy to use , I do recommend it , but hey , everyone has a different opinion , if you think it 'll be a waste of money , then do n't get it . But those tracking cookies get on my nerve lol , so I 'm glad to get those out of my sight n.n '
 I own a couple copies of this for my Macs , And its a great spyware utility . Im sorry if some people thought it was an AV program - which is funny cause its clearly says on the box what it does . I have found this program to be very easy to use , very effective and trustworthy . Download the demo and try it , 1st time i did , I had tons of spyware and a slowed down mac - but much better now ! Installing is quick and easy , and so is uninstalling - as every Mac program is . If your really not sure you uninstalled it completely , just search the hard drive ! Besure not to install this or any program you own on a computer that is borrowed , or doesnt belong to you - its in most EUA 's - HELLO !!?? . I 100 % disagree with 1 star reviews , its a well rounded product ! If you look , you can find a better deal than stated in some reviews .
 I 've been a mac user and computer security consultant for seven years . Mac OS X is based on BSD Unix , and can be configured into one of the most secure operating systems . But a default installation of Mac OS is still prone to spyware or malware from unpatched machines , user fault , physical access or zero-day vulnerabilities.I have been following macscan since early betas , and it has come a long way and keeps advancing .
 This product is a no-brainer . I love it . It 's easy to use , does n't hog system resources , and protects me from all the viruses and trojans out there .
 It is about time a manufacture of something in the world gets it right . After searching the internet for a product that looked easy to use and not full of junk I would never need I found it in this software . If I were into sports I would look into their other products . We are using this software for addresses for our wedding and it has worked perfect . I like the way you can add the names of other family members and their birthdays and notes . All and all it is just very easy to fiqure out what you have to do when you want to enter info and print labels and search or sort the info .
 If you are looking for a straightforward address book that does simply that - organizes your addresses/phone numbers/birthdates , than this is a great program for you ! There are no extra bells or whistles , just a simple program to create and organize your addresses . I do like the automatic address label and printing on envelopes feature . Highly recommended for someone looking for a simple easy-to-use program .
 This program is the easiest to use ! I was thrilled . It all clicked together and is just what I wanted . Sometimes databases are complicated but this one is very user friendly .
 So far I like the simplicity . Could not import from my old address book .
 Up until about 6 months ago , we were keeping our addresses in a paper binder . The problem with that is that it was difficult and messy to update and the pages would get destroyed over time , just from normal use . This has been a great solution . I print it out every 2 months or so and we update it periodically . Its hard to believe that something so basic could be this helpful . I hope that it stays compatable with future windows versions .
 I was looking for a very simple and easy to manage address book for computer . Stat Address Manager is all that plus produces great reports .
 I had been looking for an address book program that would print 2 pages per sheet -LRB- 5.5 x 8.6 -RRB- that would be cheaper than the fancier and expensive name-brand products . Address Manager offered a free downloadable trial version -LRB- 5 items -RRB- that gave a realistic preview of the full product . You can enter items , choosing from a number of categories and even creating your own -RRB- including multiple categories -LRB- Friends , Christmas Card List , etc. -RRB- and also attaching people to the main entry -LRB- i.e. other family members , other employees at a business -RRB- . When printing reports , you can print in some established formats -LRB- including labels -RRB- and even pick the fields you prefer for a more custom report . You Besides full sized pages and the half-page size , there is a compact size -- however , you can not specify a custom size . I did n't see a feature to print back to back pages that would line up . This is a basic program that is easy to use and economical .
 We have purchased many other kinds of address & information software in the past . This is the easiest to use to get specific lists such as family , friends & business contacts . You can print envelopes , email lists etc. . Especially great to take on business trips , vacations etc
 Looked long and hard before I found this program . Works great , simple to use .
 Program was easy to use , but the data fields were limited . For example , I could not add a second home address for one entry and it had very few phone number fields for today 's world . But in general it did what I needed it to do .
 I purchased this from directly from the manufacture because you get the CD mailed to you , but you also get to download at time of purchase . This will take care of your address book / envelope printing needs . Fairly intuitive to use , setting it up for the style of printer feeder your using was probably the most difficult thing to do . Other than that , better than the free ones that are out there .
 I needed a program that i could merge names and addresses to post cards This program Stat trak Office Manager done it I would recomend it to a friend I ordered from Amazon . com I received it very fast and nicely packed
 I lost all my addresses when I transferred from XP to Windows 7 . I had saved them to a flash drive , but the info was not readable on Win 7 . It all came out as garbage . Since my address list was only about 100 people , it was n't a major disaster . But when I went shopping for a new address book disc for Win 7 , no one had them . I got the same answer from everybody -- use `` Contacts '' in Windows Live . Well , I do use Contacts for my e-mail , but I wanted a stand-alone address book.StatTrak Address Manager was just about the only one I found for Win 7 . And - if I had made a list of the features I wanted , I would have come up with exacty what the features are on this program . It 's easy , fast , simple , no unnecessary -LRB- for me -RRB- bells and whistles . Easy to make labels and lists . Could n't ask for more .
 I 've used this software for years . It is very good for managing names and addresses for things like Christmas card label/envelope printing . It has a facility for grouping entries in multiple ways and selecting reports based on the grouping criteria . It 's easy to use , has some canned reports that are helpful . You can also create custom reports . However , and this is the significant problem , you can not save the specifications created for custom reports . Therefore , if you use custom reports you have to reenter all the criteria each time to create the report . I have contacted the developers twice in the past 3 years asking that they add this as an enhancement . They responded quickly and politely saying that they have received this suggestion from other users and may consider it for a future release . I would give this product 5 stars it had the facility to save custom report specs .
 Not perfect , but works the best of any I found . The best part is they have GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE . If you have any issues , they will help . I just got a new computer and they fixed it so I could transfer the program to my new computer . Then the backup feature worked seamlessly for retrieving my data . I recomment this product .
 Address Manager is easy to use and has made keeping track of my friends and family right at my fingertips .
 Although I just use it for personal addresses , it could expand to a small business if needed . I highly recommend it !
 I have used this program for a long time . It was the only one that I found that would combine and handle my addresses . I can print out address lists , birthday lists , labels for my holiday cards and more . I keep a copy of the print out for phone numbers used frequently on the inside of my kitchen cabinet . It is used everyday . StatTrac is so simple to use and organize.I have no hesitation to recommend this program . The price is right . I wanted to get a copy for a Mac but apparently this only has a windows version .
 I would recommend this software for students with special needs , since it caters to varying modalities and learning styles . The program is adaptable in the time alloted for various tasks , as well as difficulty levels . The software works better on a mac , just something to be keen of . Overall I would recommend this software to future educators and parents .
 We purchased this software for our autistic son . He enjoys it , and we feel that it helps him in a variety of ways . During the course of the activities , all items are called out by name , even incorrect guesses , and this helps his receptive language . Categories covered in game form are colors , toys , clothing , household items , numbers , letters , etc. . You can do these categories in either English or Spanish mode.Another positive about this software is that it increases the focus on memorization and concentration . The child is asked in some games to match items , to remember what has been shown and then removed , or to play `` the song '' that a series of items makes -LRB- as sung by bird characters or frogs -RRB- . Our son enjoys it greatly . We purchased this software used for about $ 20 , and feel that it was a good investment - not as videogamish as many titles out there . Our son is able to play this independently .
 Bought this for my autistic sister . She plays it on her laptop for hours and loves it . Definitely recommend it in the best way .
 I got this game to help my kids get used to using a computer . My son and daughter loved the game . Since Playful Primer arrived in the mail , there has n't been a day that has gone by that my kids have n't begged me to play it . They call it their computer game and talk about it even when they are n't playing it.Even though the graphics and complexity of the games did n't impress me at first , they are perfect for my kids . I 've quickly learned that simplicity is best . The menu is extremely easy to navigate . I like the fact that maneuvering through the game requires only single-clicking instead of the double-clicking that can frustrate little kids just learning to use a mouse.My son and daughter also really enjoyed playing the game in Spanish . They repeat all the words , so I 'm hopful that they 'll learn and retain some basic Spanish . I think that it 's great that there is a variety of ways to use the game . I do n't think that my kids will get bored with this anytime soon !
 I received my copy of this game in yesterday 's mail and immediately loaded on to the computer for my grandkids to play . I must say I am impressed.My granddaughter is 4 and my grandson is 5 . They always want to play with Grammies computer but , until now , I would n't let them near it . But , having this game has made me realize just how important it is for the grandkids to learn , not only how to use the computer , but how to navigate through a CD such as Odyssey.When they had to leave last night they asked if they could take the game home with them but I decided to leave it here . I love watching them learn different aspects of grammar , math , and even Spanish . Having this game helps to occupy their time when I am busy.I plan on searching for more games like this as well . This game is great and I would recommend it to anyone with toddlers.Deborah G
 We got our copy of Playful Primer today and my daughter has not stopped playing it . She was so excited she had her friend come over to play it with her . My daughter is autistic and has ADHD . Finding a computer game that will keep her entertained can be difficult . Playful primer kept her playing for two hours . That is the longest she has stayed in one place focusing on one thing in a long time.She loved playing the memory games . Even though my daughter is seven , she was still challenged by the games . She also liked that she could hear the game in Spanish . When I told her it was time to quit playing , she was very upset . She made me promise to let her play again after dinner.Playful Primer is going to be a great help in our house . Anything that can keep my daughter 's focus for more than a few minutes is a miracle . I am going to get a copy for my niece and nephew to play as well . They are just getting started with the computer and this game would be perfect for them .
 We ordered the software so we could add more `` pop '' and visual variety to our displays of information . The package meets all expectations in that area , and we can configure displays in new , creative ways now ... The only difficulty we had was that the package is not intuitive to a new , unexperienced User -- so , we spent 2-3 weeks trying to navigate and learn how data is linked to Excel and how to build and format screens/displays . But , as I said , the package is a great one , with lots of flexibility !!
 I bought this product and downloaded it direct for Business Objects , then paid big bucks for the back up disk . The back up disk comes without the key , so you have to keep that handy . As another reviewer noted , there is no backward compatibility . I purchased the product before SAP bought business objects . I had problems moving my license to a new computer even with the backup disk . Do n't expect help or sympathy from SAP.Oh . It 's a great product . It helped me get promotions and a new job .
 Fun and easy software that transforms your everyday Excel spreadsheets into persuasive presentations and dynamic business dashboards , and then share them easily via Microsoft PowerPoint , Word , or the Web . Download CX Now In 5 minutes you will transform a dull spreadsheet into an interactive and persuasive PowerPoint presentation . Move a slider , and watch your column chart change . Push a button , and see your projected sales for the next three years . It 's that easy . Do n't bore another audience with the same old static presentations.Go Get a copy now.Visit
 This item is exactly what I expected . Unfortunately , it is very study intensive and requires hours of pouring over the handbook . Once you 've got it ... IT 'S GREAT !
 July 27 , 2005Why have n't I heard about the Mia characters before ? I bought this for my god daughters 6th birthday without knowing anything about the game . We opened it together and I was BLOWN AWAY with the 3D animation-the same quality as Pixar . Everyone at the party was glued to the computer screen in this adventure land game . Best of all , its educational but because it was so entertaininng , my god-daughter has not stopped playing it . Well worth your money ! I 'm going to buy the rest of the Mia series .
 My daughter is 7 and really enjoyed the adventure . We have a mac and it played well . There were a few delays when loading/reading from the disk , but she enjoyed discovering all the elements and jewels throughout . there are age appropriate levels of difficulty . I would not buy it for someone any younger unless they are very precocious .
 My kids have really enjoyed this game ! The game teaches many scientific details about the world around us . They pick up these concepts easily and are able to use them daily ! They have so much fun with Mia that they do n't realize they are busy learning !
 This is the fourth Mia 's Adventure software I purchased for my 5-year-old granddaughter . She loves these educational software . In fact , if she misbehaves her mother punishes her by not letting her do her math homework . The Mia Adventure series is simply the best educational software I have seen and I recommend it to everyone with a small child .
 This game is great ! After buying Mia Reading I thought it was a great idea to get my 2 girls to start learning Spanish since we live in a global village . They game was easy to load , easy to navigate and the level was perfect for beginners . The high quality 3D animation will blow you away . Even my husband who learned 3D animation at the Vancouver Film School was blown away . The best part is , that they love playing it as they think it is a game . They forget they 're learning numbers and vocab and how to put together simple sentences . Well recommended .
 My girl has always loved Mia and she loves knowing words in other languages , so Mia 's Language adventure in a real winner in our home.I sat with her through parts of the game and was amazed at the depth of the educative activities . The story was fun and I would recommend this to anyone with an interest in second languages . Bravo !
 Sept 15th , 2005I bought this for my god-daughter after buying Mia 's Science Adventure . I have never been so impressed with a companies product before . You can learn both Spanish AND French on the same CD . The graphics are amazing , the adventure is stupendous and now Lily -LRB- my god-daughter -RRB- is learning Spanish . Her level is above all her classmates and she 's even started conversing with a Mexican girl in our neighbourhood . Well worth your money .
 I got this for my 6-yr-old son as a compliment to the summer homeschool program I am doing with him . It is EXCELLENT . He loves it and has learned a lot of Spanish . He also loves playing it over and over -LRB- he 's won it twice now -RRB- to learn more words , and soon will be playing it in French . There are tons of interactive games and activities that are great for kids of all ages.However , I could only give this product 4 stars because of the technical problems I 've experienced . When trying to do the full install , the program would not finish installation . I finally had to give up and do the partial install . In addition , the program will often hang or not load properly which causes in-game glitches or having to forcibly terminate the program . I recommend saving your game regularly .
 I bought this for my daughter when she turned 4 as she was already starting to learn to read . It took her a little while to follow the story and find the clues -LRB- I helped her with that -RRB- . Once she had that figured out , it became her favorite computer game . She loves all the games , they were challenging but not too difficult for her on level 1 -LRB- there are 5 or 6 levels as I recall -RRB- . She has since moved on to more difficult levels and still really enjoys it 1.5 years later . If your child is great at exploring computer programs and seeking for objects and clues this is an excellent reading program that wo n't bore them . If your child does n't enjoy the `` search , '' the games are still very much worth the money . I should also mention that the little cd-rom book that comes with it tells you exactly where to find everything for those who get frustrated with the search .
 Finally , a program that caters to girls instead of just boys . Well , boys can play this too , but i find it very female friendly . My daugthers love it and fight over who gets to use it . My littlest is really shy and was having problems in kindergarten and afraid to ask for help . Now , she is starting to get the hang of spelling and feels so confident about it and always wants to play with Mia . We tried reader rabbit kindergarten as well but I found it was n't effective as it did n't keep her attention long enough to start understanding the educational concepts . I will definitely recommend this for all parents who want to reinforce the basics of reading and writing .
 this item was bought for a friend 's grandaughter after purchasing the math software of the same character . Her reading level has improved since using this program . We 're hoping more of Mia 's software will be available for other subjects . I recommend the Mia series for young children to help them increase their reading and math skills .
 I did not think that introduction to the game was going to end . I thought that I may be able to skip it but no luck . Once into the game I believe that my child was enjoying the game and seem to be learning some great skills . Lastly , you have to hit the `` F '' keys and `` Esc '' to save and exit the game , not many program make you do that today.Overall , I feel that this was a good purchase and I would have given 5 stars if functionally was better with program .
 Definitely a game you have to help younger kids with . Adventurous and realistic , good graphics , my four year old stayed up way past bedtime to find the remedy so grandma would get better . She is five now and I still have to help her , but , this is a game a child can grow with . Mia the mouse is adorable in this engaging story . Some teaching of reading but more abstract problem solving , detective work , and searching for clues . Good game for a slow paced Sunday afternoon .
 this game helped my child with her math skills . the levels helped boost her confidence.i would have liked the game to change a little as the level increases .
 the mia series are great for our family . the kids always look forward to playing their mia games . they have the math adventure and grandmas remedy . the two disc thing is confusing ... but really does n't interrupt play . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because it can be a little glitchy sometimes ... mia will get stuck somewhere and not respond . we just go back to a game saved in a similar spot and restart . so it 's not too big a deal .
 My boys are 5 and 7 and they can play this at different levels and enjoy it very much !! They have played it and learned from it extensively !
 Excellent software for kids . It keeps my 5-year-old challenged and comes with 4 different difficulty levels to choose from .
 This program is great . Bought for my 6 year old son who displays a lot of creativity but is already knowledgeable of the computer , so thought this would be a good program to utilize his skills . I found that click and create was similar to Photoshop which is amazing because he 'll already be learning skills for when he 's older.The navigation is easy and Mia , the character , is adorable . My son 's favourite part is making the gift cards where he finds excuses to make cards all the time now for the littlest of occasions ! Great product .
 Absolutely Amazing !! Both my 8 yr . old and 10 yr . old daughters have found this software entertaining , challenging , and educational . The software has four different skill levels that is challenging to both their learning needs . You can either play the game with Mia Mouse or just do the activities.If you 're an adult , do n't be discouraged by the interface - it 's not for you , it 's for your child . They will love it , listen to the instructions and figure out how to make Mia move and find clues.I initially sent this back , tried three other programs and finally came back to this as the best math software available for 3rd and 4th grade girls !
 My daughter is 6 years old and is reading well , but she may have a learning disorder with math . The jury is still out on that . This program was exactly what I had hoped it would be . It is fun , and my daughter gets caught up in the story . She gets very excited when she gets the hang of doing the problems . For the most part , the program is appropriate for her skill level . The activities push her , but are not so difficult that she becomes too discouraged . I do have to sit with her and help her with some of the math activities , but she is willing to try to do the problems on her own because the game has inspired her . This is one of the first academic type of activity we 've done where she has actually asked me to let her do it on her own and does n't want my help most of the time . Each section of the adventure has a smiliar pattern to it , and learning to use the program is very intuitive . Whenever you need help you just click on Mia 's face , and that has always been enough to figure out how to get going in the right direction . Each time the program runs it is slightly different , which is also a nice feature . We have not used the program on the more advanced levels yet , but so far we 've been very pleased and would probably purchase other programs by this company .
 My daughter is 6 and she loves this game . She has played it non stop since she got it . Through great graphics and entertaining story kids go on an adventure with Mia to make a time machine to stop a fire . In the process they learn shapes , temperature , directions , sequencing , problem solving , adding , subtracting etc. . There are 4 levels of difficulty so that when kids master one level they can move up to the next . My child is learning math and enjoying it ! Bravo !
 I bought this for my son who was having difficulties with multiplication and division at school . It not 's that he was n't a smart kid , but more so that he had a hard time concentrating at school for something he was n't interested in . My wife suggested we try software games and we found this . It is amazing . My son loves the Mia characters and spend hours on the computer , we ca n't even tear him off it and as a result , his math has improved . Well recommeneded for anyone whose child has learning difficulties or concentration problems .
 This is a fun game and my daughter loves it . However , I am dissapointed that much of the game involves searching for objects rather than doing Math . Even the math segments are too game-oriented . For example , in a couple areas , the player must try to catch the correct answer rather than just type it in.I would definitely buy other Mia games , but would like to see more educational content .
 The response time from running via the CD is incredible slow . To fix it follow these instructions received from the manufacturer . Worked GREAT for me : On Macintosh , you can easily create disk images -LRB- . dmg files -RRB- out of the CDs using the `` Disk Utility '' program found in the `` Utilities `` folder inside the `` Applications '' folder . Using disk images , the gamewill run entirely off the computer hard disk.Below are the steps to create a disk image on Macintosh . Note that ifyou need help with this procedure , we can assist you over the phone .1 . Insert the game CD in your Macintosh.A CD icon appears on your Desktop .2 . Double-click on the `` Disk Utility '' icon found inside the `` Utilities `` folder under `` Applications '' . The Disk Utility window appears on the screen .3 . Click on `` Session 1 '' item on the left-side pane.The Session 1 of the game CD is highlighted .4 . Click on the `` New Image '' icon in the toolbar at the top of theapplication window.A dialogue window appears on the screen .5 . Set the `` Image Format '' to `` Read only '' for optimal performance andsave the image on your Desktop or any convenient location of your choosing.The Disk Utility program writes the . dmg file . When the process iscomplete , you can close the Disk Utility program . If the process fails , then it probably means that your copy of the disk is not fully readable.You can now double-click on the . dmg file to fake the insertion of the CD .
 We got `` Math Blaster '' for our six-year-old , who has been a very savvy computer user since he was 18 months old . It was so difficult to maneuver the character -LRB- jump over wrong answers , run through correct ones -RRB- he actually cried over it.Mia 's math is much more gentle . The storytelling does take up time in the game , but it seems to give them a rest between problems . There is geometry -LRB- `` which figure has two congruent sides ? '' -RRB- , basic math facts -LRB- `` 2 + 5 '' on level 1 , `` 2 x 4 x 3 '' on level 4 -RRB- , following directions -LRB- `` take the tunnel on the lower right '' -RRB- , and telling time -LRB- `` move the clock back 3 hours '' -RRB- . We have had the game for about two weeks , and so far it 's getting played every day . Our older son plays it at level 3 or 4 , and our little one -LRB- four years old -RRB- plays it at level 1 with a bit of help.I have not yet found out where to find the `` report card '' - I have asked their tech support .
 Nice little program , Kindergardners will need adult help with the math and the time telling . Levels 1 through 4 allow growth as the kids learn . Had a glitch on installation and help desk was very good .
 I teach computer classes to children and needed something for my older kids that would really challenge them and this works great ! The graphics are colorful , the instructions are clear and helpful and Mia has her own little personality which comes out in places that you do n't expect - ie , if you wait too long to move she starts tapping her little foot . The game takes you on an adventure around her garden to find all the pieces needed to make the time machine you need to - oops , do n't want to give it away . I plan on having all the Mia the Mouse games for my students .
 This set was ordered for my friend 's grandaughter . She loved it . It was easy for her to use on her own once the software was installed . She uses it everyday . She even tries to get her grandfather involved . He 's very pleased with her progress since purchasing the software .
 Imaginative , challenging math that will be useful for some time.The controls on a MAC are awkward at times with Mia wandering places I did not intend but once you are in the math module everything works fine . Held the children 's attention for about an hour.Good graphics .
 My 5 year old son love the Mia character and the stories . He loves the math -LRB- which does involve time -RRB- , too ! Even though the age group for this game is 6-10 , he had no problems on Level 1 . He only needed a little help with the time telling . As for the people that say this is n't educational enough I would say that it 's not boring ! My son has played the game over and over and never tires of Mia !
 Unlike so much of the software for kids , this is well-constructed , with an interesting and usable user interface , and challenging problems . I have a pretty bright seven-year-old , and she loves this one.BTW , anyone who finds logic-based software like this of interest for their kids should check out Squeak , a programming language developed for kids by Alan Kay -LRB- who invented a good bit of modern computing -RRB- . It 's available for free on the Net .
 Mia 's math is an adventure game with an occasional math-based activity thrown in . The math skills are quirky , not your usual drill-and-kill practice . It really requires some higher-level thinking . I 'm using it with third-grade students , and they are frequently challenged . My only complaint is that the user-interface is too simple . You can save games , but there 's no way -LRB- that I 've found so far -RRB- to jump to certain areas , other than restoring a saved game . Mia gets irritated if you linger too long somewhere . She likes to keep it moving ! My nine-year-olds are enthralled !
 I think this is a great product ; although , I 'm not sure a child use to high graphics and speed would have the patience to play it . My son originally hated math but has loved playing this game ; but he is 6 . He loves the characters and story line . For me , it is a little annoying to have to use 2 disks to play the latter half of the game , but my son does n't seem to mind as he loves the game . Overall I am pleased with his progressive improvement in his math skills . He loves it and is improving and that is all that matters to me .
 I was led to the Mia 's Math Adventure , because all indications were it would work well with the Mac OS X Leopard operating system and it was highly rated for educational content . Both assertions have proven true in our use . My eight-year old daughter love 's the game and the math and logic activities are a challenge , but the story line and the `` adventure '' aspects of the game also keep her engaged . As far as performance with the Mac operating system , this is the second Kutoko product we have owned and both work very well on our 2-year old iBook and on our new iMac -LRB- both with Leopard installed -RRB- . The only `` problem '' I 've had is so far I have not been able to figure out how to get Mia Math to play full screen on our 20-inch iMac -LRB- a minor inconvenience -RRB- . I highly recommend this product .
 Both my children ages 4 and 6 love this game . They work together nicely to solve the problems . They really love the story and graphics . They have played this game many many times and never seem to get tired of it .
 I used this when I was a lot younger , and I remember it being the funnest and most educational game I had . However , It can get slightly creepy at times with its darker color pallet and music . To put it shortly , do n't get it for kids that either get easily scared or are under 6 .
 My son is a slightly above average 6 yr old and it is too advanced for him . He did love giving it a go but did n't have a clue on how to get past the first screen . Once he got the idea he was away but I did have to help him significantly so as to avoid frustration - he 's not easily frustrated . Probably best if your child is an avid learner -LRB- my son prefers to climb trees but I was hoping this would encourage more confidence in his Maths -RRB- . The tests were way beyond him , especially the sums as it required quick thinking and he 's still processing sums slowly . But as far as enthusiasm ... he loved the concept . We ran this on our Mac and it ran beautifully . The graphics are colorful and imaginative . He loved the tunnel bits , it truly captured his sense of exploration . Something he will grow into .
 My children have been playing Mia Math and Mia Reading games for close to one year . They look forward to playing the games and set the level of difficulty themselves . My eight year old son enjoys the plot and the characters as much as my six year old daughter . I was worried that the game would be only appeal to girls but he does n't even mind the lack of firepower -LRB- as can be found in the kind of video games his friends are playing -RRB- . We bought the software as a fun and educational way to pass time and we 're quite pleased with the product .
 This educational software helps me sneak in some math drills into my daughters ' day . It is definitely supposed to feel like they are just playing a game , and my girls play it without me having to tell them to give a try .
 I have always been fascinated with Ghost Rider but have never been given the chance to actually read the comic books and see for myself where the whole story began . This complete collection finally gave me the chance to experience Ghost Rider the way it should be , in its original comic book format . All of the images were directly scanned from the comics themselves -LRB- you can tell if you look close enough -RRB- and navigating through the disk is very simple . My only complaint is that The ads in the comics could have been left out with no damage done , but you can just simply pass them so it is not a big deal . For the price , this is definitely worth it for someone who has never read Ghost Rider before or is a fan of Ghost Rider but does not have a majority of the issues .
 This has brought back alot of memories for me . I put them on my iPhone now I can just tap the screen and read all my favorite rider stories . Thanks !!!
 ... What can I say you get every Ghost rider comic from the beginning until about 5 years ago , all nicely sorted in pdf format and DRM free . This is a great deal for any enthusiast , even at half off cover price you ca n't buy all these books this cheap . Great gift for any comic fan .
 GIT really did a fine job with these comic collections . Too bad Marvel is now going totally online and wo n't let anyone have the actual comics in hand anymore . * sigh * Oh , well -- but if you can get it used -LRB- or from GIT -RRB- , go for it . It 's definitely worth the money !
 Thank you Marvel , not only for releasing this great series on an easy to store and read meduim , but also for not including onorous , paraniod DRM on the disk . These are basic PDF files . I was able to copy the DVD to my hard drive and put the DVD away in a safe place . I can view these comics on any computer at home , and even on my Palm -LRB- although it is pretty hard to read there -RRB- . If only the RIAA would take its cue from Marvel ! This is a stunning product ! Even the ads and staple holes are there ! Just like the real thing , without having to keep it in plastic !
 As a child , my favorite comic book characters were always the darker , scarier types . The horror comics , supernatural heroes , and the anti-heroes were always huge favorites of mine . So it was only natural that the Ghost Rider was in my top five subscriptions.But , as with all things from our youth , I `` out grew '' my comic collection and sold everything I had.Jump forward a couple years and suddenly Ghost Rider is back in the spotlight . A major motion picture is being made . Action figures are being sculpted and produced , the comics are coming back and I 'm suddenly a geek again . : -RRB- So imagine my joy when I find that EVERY SINGLE Ghost Rider Comic book that I once had -LRB- and the ones I did n't have -RRB- are all collected on a single DVD ! So I had to have it.The Entire disk is pretty much Adobe Acrobat files . Scans of each and every Ghost Rider Comic book EVER . Including the covers , the ads , the geeky `` letter to the editor '' sections , everything.Because of this , the scans are n't much more than high-resolution photos of the printed materials . I would have preferred scans of the original prints so that the old comic book `` dot '' printing was gone , but we ca n't always get what we want.Aside from the image quality mentioned above this disk is a walk through my twisted , sick , and geeky childhood that brings all those fond memories which takes an honored spot in my new collection of all things Ghost Rider . Right next to my Giant 12 inch tall Ultimate Ghost Rider Action figure with it 's Giant `` Movie-style '' Hell Cycle ... Hey , I 'm a geek ...
 I bought the ghost rider dvd rom and there were no corrupt files in issue 45 . it was the first thing i checked i also have other marvel dvd roms and had absolutely no problems with them.I also look forward to the new marvel ones coming out in the future .
 Each and every GIT comic book collection I 've seen has been wonderful . I wish they would keep selling them . It really is a wonderful way to archive such an important part of our culture . Putting electronic copies into the hands of millions of fans ... what a wonderful way to protect it .
 If you 're a Ghost Rider fan this is gravy . It 's just too bad Marvel does n't have a contract with this company anymore . I also have the Avengers and Captain America DVD 's . It is sort of a pain that they did n't do single page scans , but this is sooo minor when you get nearly every issue on this disc . I say nearly , because it does n't have current issues . This is n't a dynamic DVD that pulls in new issues after you receive it . An item like that I would give 6 stars to . I also reviewed this item here :[ ... -RSB-
 I have most of the GIT Corp Marvel products , and I 've been very impressed with them . It 's too bad Marvel discontinued their license in order to launch their Marvel Digital Comics subscription service . I have both , and I like the completeness of the GIT Corp products , and the fact that you can see the ads from the original comics . Also , I can install it on a machine , and not have to worry about internet connectivity.The Ghost Rider collection nicely collects the different volumes of the series from various decades . Ghost Rider has had different creative teams with widely different ideas about the character , so it was nice to have the complete collection to see the character 's evolution and changes .
 The Ghost Rider was the story of the ultimate antihero . The demon possessed man driven to right wrongs and wreak vengeance on the wicked . I enjoyed these stories as a kid and now find them just as enjoyable . The second series unfortunately suffers from the same `` crossover madness '' that the X-Men and some other Marvel titles suffered in the 90s . Still a great buy for the price . Too bad Marvel pulled the plug on this type of format as I was looking forward to more sets .
 I had been a fan of the original Ghost Rider -LRB- Johnny Blaze -RRB- years ago , and even owned the Marvel Spotlights , and a number of the early issues of the mag in the day . I was even a fan of Daimon Hellstrom , the Son of Satan , who appears in a few of these issues -LRB- now why does n't Marvel re-release that series ? -RRB- After re-reading a few of the issues -LRB- with Satan as the primary conflict with the protaganist -RRB- I noticed something about the artwork I did n't catch the first time I read these . Having studied both mainstream religions and new religious movements , I noticed that in all cases , what is supposed to be the Satanic pentagram -LRB- the Star of Baphomet , with the central point facing down -RRB- is actually the Wiccan pentacle , with the central point facing upward . I do n't know if this is ignorance , fear of evil portents if they rendered the Satanic star correctly in their illustrations , or something the Comics Code Authority just would n't permit them to publish if they wanted their seal . -LRB- Of course , as I write this , the Spiderman issue with the Gil Kane cover illustration of Harry Osborne popping pills comes to mind . Marvel could n't get CCA approval for that story , so they printed it WITHOUT the seal , since they felt so strongly that that story just HAD to be told as they had envisioned it . -RRB- In any case , having recently seen the movie with Nicholas Cage , the stories are even more entertaining in retrospect . Again , all the scans are from the printed comics in two-page spreads , and the first few issues at least , did n't seem to be the best copies from the print run.Nonetheless , it 's very refreshing to be able to read these again , knowing that they wo n't be worn by handling , as a 30 + year old physical magazine on cheap paper would . When you print the comics , you get the two-page spread with a light `` Marvel '' watermark appearing on the center of each page - so there 's no worry of recreating the original comic books by printing them . -LRB- Although the bios are single pages without watermarks , which is nice . -RRB- Overall , this is more than well worth the cost.I have visited Marvel 's new online comic site , and I must admit , although the quality is very good , I do n't like the idea of having to rent access to comics on someone else 's server . Acrobat PDFs have become enough of a standard that we should be able to continue to access them in the future , while I fear that what Marvel is using on their website is proprietary and experimental , which may change in a few years
 I thought this was going to be another mindless game , that would only hold my five year old 's attention for a few seconds . But , this software has truly engaged my daughter in educational games and held her attention for hours , and has her coming back for more . The key WORD is `` Educational '' . It 's not just a game it is a learning tool . So if your child likes the `` Power Puff Girls '' and your want them to learn , I high suggest this software .
 I bought this product for my 5-year old daughter who loves the Powerpuff girls . She loved it and I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had successfully blended drilling exercises in math and spelling with a truly fun and interactive game . The only drawback to this CD is that it 's a bit limited with only 4 games but it is definitely still worth the money and will provide hours of fun for young children .
 We just got this game for our 7 year old , who is a big powerpuff girls fan and she loves it . We were happy to see that this software is not just games but also had alot of educational content also .
 My four-year-old daughter loves the Powerpuff Girls but so far it has just been for entertainment purposes . I assumed this would just teach hand-eye coordination but I was wrong . This has plenty of action and hand-eye coordination fun , and then it also teaches north , south , east , west with map navigation and several other academic chunks as well . She is not yet finished playing it after about three hours so far and she is learning new material . It really teaches her -- leaving me time to read a book without too many interruptions .
 I 've tried mojo jojo 's pet project and for those of you that like that game , this game is even better ! For all you powerpuff girls fans , I sooooo recommend you to get this . Even if it 's not here . For all of you that hate powerpuff girls and wish hat they were dead , play this game . It just might change your mind !
 Both of my kids love `` The Powerpuff Girls
 Adobe FrameMaker 6.0 is a high-end utility , which combines the functions of an advanced word processor , layout program , mathematical editor and pre-processing software for commercial printing . ___________________________ DOCUMENT-WIDE EDITINGThe document structure construction tools are the most powerful feature of FrameMaker . Instead of simple overlay of text formatting , Frame also allows you to work with character and paragraph designs which , once set , can be applied to any paragraph at any time . Moreover , once you change your mind , it 's sufficient to change the definition in an easy-to-use and extremely powerful and comprehensive `` paragraph designer '' . Then , changes are applied to every paragraph of this type across the document , and to the user 's joy - in all files that use this paragraph . FrameMaker makes extensive use of an additional document structure tool - the famous * . book file , which virtually binds your chapters into a book , a single , operational structural file . Apply a paragraph change to a book , and every single chapter , kept in a separate file - will reflect the change . You do n't have to do it by hand , and worry that you will omit one instance or another . Automation and book-wide commands are the ultimate strength of this program . A special Character Designer allows you to apply an additional layer for a selected set of words or text objects in your document . This is handy for casual editing . The Paragraph Designer and Character Designer , which appear in Adobe-unique floating boxes , are your everyday working tools . _________________________ DOCUMENT STRUCTUREIn addition to powerful editing tools , FrameMaker makes extensive use of document-layers , much in the vein of Photoshop . Except the document body , you keep separate files , called the Master Pages , which are the utilizable templates affecting all body pages . A master page defines document-uniform layout properties like page size , position , header , footer , page numbering , text frames , graphic layout elements like dim background , border art , footer symbols , etc. . Widely available on the web , and also from Adobe , are the document templates , with pre-defined styles and useful text-formatting definitions . All of those work like macros . Once specified , they can be applied instantaneously to any selection or all documents at once via the book window . Importing select definitions is a snap , so that you have infinite possibilities of formatting , while preserving the benefits of automation . ____________________________________________________ ALL WORK AND NO PLAY MAKES JACK A DULL BOYYes , but not in Frame . Whatever you needed to do by hand in popular programs , you can automate in FrameMaker - an enormous advantage of this program . Whether you need to apply specific changes like text layout , text-flow , sidebars , or various paragraph formats , it 's a matter of a single click , IRRESPECTIVE of the length of the document , its degree of complexity , and the number of chapters in a book . Popular programs give you only some control over the text and are helpless with layout or complex documents of substantial length . If you need to work on a textbook or a highly technical scientific document of any length , Frame applies all changes in a split-second - a real eye-opener for those who thus far lived in the World of Word . _________ OBJECTSFrame places all objects in frames , and allows a full customization of frames , their layout , graphic resolution , etc. . This is handy for all graphics , including bullets in numbered lists , and any anchored objects that appear in sidebars . From experience I can vouch for the easiness with which FrameMaker handles these usually cumbersome tasks . In other applications , equations are treated as objects , and should you need to change a setting , you need to do changes by hand for every object . Imagine the degree of workload for a 1000-page document full of math ! Frame applies changes in a second , since it treats equations as text . This feature is the sole reason why technical writers should stop using other popular programs and switch to Frame immediately . ___________________________________________________ CROSS-REFERENCES , INDEX , TABLES OF CONTENTSFrameMaker handles cross-references like a dream . So often we need to use footnotes , endnotes , references , definitions , not to mention a good index or table of contents . There is nothing wimpy in Frame in this respect . Updating cross-references , working with them - is very easy , once you learn how to use context-specific menu . Then , all changes are updated automatically , and your index shall be admirable , and will not take days of erroneous manual wading through a document . That is the sole reason for Frame to be the primary choice for textbooks and technical documents . The capabilities and scope of configuration options might give you a headache of bliss . ____________ EXPORTINGThe package contains also built-in utilities for exporting the mother format into portable web documents , and a separate utility , Webworks Publisher Standard that allows you to transform the Frame documents into web-wide languages of HTML , DHTML and XML . Obviously , Frame supports PDF - you can export your complicated book into PDF with all structure preserved . Adobe Distiller is on the program CD , so that you can `` print '' your document , or set of documents - into this virtual printer and generate an Adobe PDF . In consequence , you do not really need a full version Adobe Acrobat . Many dynamic user-active web documents were created in Frame , and converted by Webworks utility with XML specification . __________________________ PRICE AND COMPETITIONYes , it does cost two or three times the competitive products . Once you overcome the learning curve , not only you will have easy time with all documents you will need to work with in your life , irrespective of their length or complexity , but you will also create documents of excellent quality , which are cross-platform-compatible , and which are more than acceptable for commercial printing . In fact , if you work closely with your publisher , they will either demand a Frame-generated postscript , or a Tex file . They are very similar products , but Frame is much more user friendly , since the latter is essentially a programming language . Frame has its mouse-clicker advantages , and thanks Adobe for that . The world of high-end publishing is finally available for everyone .
 Adobe Framemaker is the industry standard for professional desktop bookmaking . Widely used by technical writers in the computer industry , Framemaker is the only desktop publishing software that can handle the production and publication of 1,000 + page books . -LRB- MS Word usually falls apart at around 300 pages . -RRB- Framemaker has fully enabled style mark-up , indexing , and cross-referencing features , as well as being the only word processing package on the market _ designed _ to be coupled with Adobe Acrobat to create active , fully cross-linked PDFs.No professional writer should be without it .
 This is a fantastic product for book publishing . As a relative novice to book typesetting and interior design , I bought Framemaker 6.0 as my only chance to produce a book worthy of any major publishing house . A sincere thank you to Adobe 's team of software specialists in designing a product , which truly worked for all our stringent page layout and publishing requirements ! The manual is rather daunting at first , but I got my bearings by just reading through all of it from cover to cover before actually using the program itself . It could be somewhat more geared to the beginner user with clearer examples and an explanation of the publishing terminology , however , once you have mastered the rudiments , it is in general a user-friendly program . It took me about one month of concentrated effort to get into the program basics by focusing solely on our specific publishing needs . It more than proved its worth at our publishing house . We were able to import and convert chapters from MS Word to Framemaker 6.0 format , construct master pages with page numbering and running heads , align the text and lines on each page within each chapter , then build our own `` Book Window '' with all the chapters in sequence . Once in this `` Book Window '' , you can adjust all the page numbering throughout the book , do bookwide editing , including search/replace etc. . Unlike Pagemaker , this program is geared to larger tomes . Our book has 23 chapters and is 255 pages long and we had no difficulty . What was truly marvelous was the seamless interface between Framemaker 6.0 and Illustrator 9.0 . To make our book special , we were able to design our own decoration for the chapter initials at the beginning of each chapter , the dividers within the book pages and the decoration in the running heads , all in Illustrator 9.0 and then import these right into the Framemaker 6.0 book pages . It was marvelous to be able to do so and then easily adjust the `` sizing , runaround and gap '' about the image to fit it onto the page . And even more , we were able to import other grayscale images , e.g. onto the chapter page and at the end of the book for advertising one of our already published books ! By the way , we were not able to import objects drawn with shadows in Illustrator and transfered into Framemaker , but in our case it did not matter all that much . Also we found the conversion of the entire book in `` Book Window '' to Adobe 's PDF for final printing very easy too . Overall , this program truly allowed us to make a book come to life ! If you 'd like to see our finished results and what can be done with Adobe 's programs -LRB- both Illustrator 9.0 and Framemaker 6.0 were used for all the artwork/design and no clipart ! -RRB- , our book is entitled , `` Accused By Facet-Eyes , A Classic Science-Fiction Novel '' -LRB- by C.B. Don -RRB- . In conclusion , I am very happy with Framemaker 6.0 and I would highly recommend it for any book publishing projects .
 Framemaker is an excellent product that offers all sorts of advanced features . For example , it is simple to produce and print out a double-sided document with a universally applied page format . However , the instruction manual is the worse example of documentation that I have ever experienced . After completing production of a book -LRB- several files amalgamated into one group that may be worked on as an entity -RRB- it is reasonable to assume the next step will be to generate a list of contents . You will have to work it out for yourself as the section dealing with this topic is gobbly - gook , disjointed , full of unexplained terminology and frankly not understandable . Take my advice , if you are not good at working things out for yourself , the instruction manual is a very good reason why you should choose another product
 I have found FrameMaker + SGML to be an easy-to-use yet complex software tool . It has helped me create long , technical documents with structure -LRB- elements -RRB- . Because of the structure , the documents were very easy to output to the Web.While creating structured documents does take additional time -- over unstructured FrameMaker documents -- it has made for better XML output . The extra work setting up elements and rules becomes worth it on the back end .
 If working with Digital Audio and Video is your thing , then Soundtrack is a must buy . Unlike GarageBand -LRB- Which works with digital audio clips just like SoundTrack -RRB- , this is geared toward the professional . It comes with a track just for video which allows you to sync up your audio with what 's happening on the screen easily . It also comes with 4000 loops as compared to GBs 1000 . You can get GBs accompanying software , Jam Pack , but that still offers much fewer loops than Soundtrack alone . Built in effects to each track also far surpases GBs effects . Pan your volume left and right with just a few clicks to name one . I enjoy GB and have written tunes based on it -LRB- Check macidol.com artist name Guy Serle -RRB- and it 's fun . But when you 're ready to do more , get Soundtrack .
 Musical Talents , i used to use Opcode 's Studiovision Pro for my MIDI and when Gibson bought out Opcode and ceased production of their MIDI software , I went to Steinberg . I now use Cubebase SX3 . It is emensly flexible , has many sounds and effects , records audio , has many mixing options and , unfortunatly , -LRB- ... -RRB- and requires an expirianced MIDI engineer to get good results.On the opposit side of the world is Garage Band , a drag-and-paste music creation tool that is only a fraction of the Apple program available as Ilife . It includes about 1000 canned sounds that can be assembled together and called Music.Soundtrack meets a middle ground . For about -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- , you get about 4,000 samples to drag and drop into a timeline on multiple tracks to creat music . It is great fun and useful for backround tracks , but you must accept the provided melodies . Soundtrack , unlike even Garage Band , has no means by which you can create YOUR melodies . You can not use a keyboard interface to create a melody . It is a great loss that earned Soundtrack only 4 stars from me . I found no intros or exits from certain genre of music . In consolation , I 'll admitt that you can supply Soundtrack many menues of downloaded and/or purchased blocks of music in the ACID , WAV -LRB- and other -RRB- professional samples . From there , you 'll find an almost endless list of expasion sounds for a price.I use Soundtrack , which was an added bonus in my Final Cut Pro 3 program , and I use Cubase SX 3 for any true musical compositions , But I recommend Garage Band over Soundtrack for anyone who desires to `` make their own music '' and can connect a cheap MIDI keyboard to their system . With the added sound effects in the optional expansion set of sound blocks , they may be quite satisfied.P.S .
 I got Soundtrack after hearing about Apple 's reputation on music software . I 'll tell you right now , they are good at making music software . I got this program for the purpose of making house music in the form of Daft Punk . Basically sample/filter house . Overall I am very satisfied . The program features a ton of samples and a lot of effects . What really makes it shine is that it will match the tempo of samples and you can , chop , slice , and cut all samples . Plus , you can even adjust the speed and pitch of each sample . The only thing that sucks is there is no midi support . But if you want to make house music , then this is a great tool to start with.If your interested , visit my music site to hear the music I 've made with Soundtrack : http://mercuriusmusic.blogspot.com/also visit my other site : http://landofthesuperanime.com/
 I bought this with the CT Trainer and I could n't be happier with my purchase . I spend a fortune in books and other resources before this and did n't learn nearly as much as I have with this product.The amount of information rivals any book , but the thing this has over the books is that it is all presented in a way that makes learning easy . Everything is well categoriezed , annotated , and searchable . It not only has a wealth of information that you can read through , but it also has lectures , interactive games , CT legal info , and has what they call `` pearls '' . Those `` pearls '' come into play when you 're looking at a picture or something you can view the `` pearls '' and it shows really important and relevant information that 's relevant to what you 're looking at.This is a really great product and when it 's paired with the Cardiac CT Trainer from the same company you ca n't go wrong .
 This is the product I have been looking for . Only a couple of places on the internet that offer this type of language learning . This is the study materials to go along with a course . The basic premise is 61 languages have 2000 + words and 450 + phrases that are correlated with any other language . This means it is possible to learn any language from any other . There are only 15 possible source languages -LRB- English -LRB- U.S. & British -RRB- , French , German , Spanish -LRB- latin & Europe -RRB- , Hungarian , Italian , Portuguese , Hebrew , Dutch , Russian , Swedish , Turkish , Zulu . -RRB- Other languages with Audio are -LRB- Arabic , Chinese , Czech , Danish , Greek , Indonesian , Japanese , Korean , Latin , Polish , Romanian , Tagalog , Thai -RRB- Languages without audio -LRB- Albanian , Azerbaijani , Basque , Bengali , Bulgarian , Catalan , Croatian , Esperanto , Estonian , Farsi , Finnish , Flemish , Haitian , Hindi , Icelandic , Irish , Kurdish , Latvian , Lithuanian , Malay , Navajo , Norwegian , Portuguese -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , Serbian , Slovak , Swahili , Ukrainian , Urdu , Vietnamese , Yiddish -RRB- I suggest playlists with 1 or 2 language lists to hear as a lesson -LRB- like the usual audio cds in other language courses -RRB- . That is a word/phrase and optional translation in the other language.The word/phrase lists are incomplete-not all audio words/phrases are accessible.The personal tutor has incorrect audio/translations sometimes.We would do well to have more correlated vocabulary/phrases from other competitors . I originally had a 26 language simultaneous translation dictionary 25 years ago and did the same thing without audio . It is too bad we ca n't understand the benefits of such a resource.Works great with Windows Vista .
 Yes , I was impressed . Worked perfectly on all three of my laptops using Vista . So much for so little . Had my suspicions 'cause older versions wo n't operate with Vista . 61 languages is super . It does n't have an in depth lexicon , but there are many usable daily words . Go for it if you 're considering .
 I use this CD to teach prenatal development at the college level , but it is also immensely useful for people who are pregnant -LRB- or considering getting pregnant -RRB- . The fetal images , video clips , and explanations are both accessible & scientific . Humor throughout makes even sensitive topics -LRB- like sperm production -RRB- easy to understand & discuss . Highly recommended for parents-to-be , students , & educators .
 The only program that lets us open email photos and edit them with an enormous amount of ease .
 Very helpful about children 's medicine . Has light scrapbooking which is nice ; great advice for families in the medical and wellness area . Quite a bargain .
 I played this game years ago , as a five-year-old . It still has a kick to it ! It 's a very entertaining game . It 's very easy to play . However , the only problem that I have with it is the power bar that lists what keys to press to do certain gymnastics moves . When the block symbol appears , you have no clue what it is . It just looks like a box . It took me a couple of hours to realize it was the space bar when I first played . Anyone who owns this should tell that to whoever is playing . All else is great . The 3-D graphics and the plot itself are nice . You start out practicing , trying to reach a level of 9.0 on the vault , floor , uneven bars , etc. . As soon as this is achieved , you 're off to a local competition . You advance up in competitions until you win the National Competition , upping the level you must achieve to compete each time . The game keeps track of your best routines . Another positive
 I found , downloaded and installed a patch that fixed the `` CPU not supported '' error in probably less time than it took many of you to write a negative review . I ca n't verify this , but the patch was dated YEARS before any of you wrote your reviews.The game is fair enough ... run of the mill Barbie stuff in last-generation 3D . Runs perfect on Pentium 2.66 Mhz , Windows XP SP3 , ATI Radeon X800 GTO .
 Does not work on any of our computers.Additionally , there is a web site for troubleshooting whichindicated that it would not work on an Intell 4 computer.There is no indication of that fact on your website.Disappointed little 10 year old grand daughter could not use it .
 I 've tried many home design programs over the last couple of years and have always been disappointed . I 've downloaded many free trial versions and purchased a couple . My latest , Punch Super Home Suite , was OK for 2D stuff but the 3D was impossible and frustrating . I took advantage of their money back guarantee!I just purchased Better Homes and Gardens Home Designer for $ 39.00 from a local retailer last week . While I still have lots to learn I love it ! I 'm amazed at the sophistication for the price . I was VERY leery of buying this based on only one 5 star rating but I did . Well now there are two 5 star ratings so hopefully this will help others.There are still some things that are `` tricky '' to construct but I have n't found anything I could n't create yet and I discover more useful features every time I use it . The training videos are a great way to learn the software quickly and it comes with a hard copy manual , which is getting less common these days . If you are looking for an inexpensive but powerful design program definitely try this one !
 Chief Architect tops them all ! This program is great . It has a easy userface like 3D Home Architect version 4.0 ! This program is definitely worth the $ 59.00 I paid for it . Eventually I will upgrade to the next version . This version also offers designing tutorials . And the backdrops are really nice . BUY IT !!!! I have tried soooo many Home design programs and this is the BEST !!! I WOULD GIVE IT 10 STARS BUT THEY ONLY ALLOW UP TO 5 !!!
 just like going to college for chess ... and you can repeat a few times ... then take a couple of midterms by playing in some minor tournaments ... and the final at a major event ... or use the budget way by playing against crafty the computer 2600 GM that comes with the dvd ... for the lazy player who wants quick boot camp style instruction ... just the essentials ... who can remember the numerous sub-sub-sub-variations in dense books ... excellent review just before a tournament ... see heard and learn in 2 hours ... and soon you think and talk chess expertly with a russian accent
 How lucky I was to find a 2001 greeting card package . I had owned this once but discarded the disks because I thought I could buy a comparable program today . NO SUCH LUCK . I BOUGHT ONE , BUT NOT COMPARABLE.Now I can go back to my favorite card program . It arrived in mint condition , very promptly .
 i love this game . you get soooo many gadgets like a robot dog lipstick to shoot . its so fabulouse the best barbie detective game . the main point is your barbie and you have to see who stole the fashions -LRB- long story -RRB- you get choose a style for each mission and the color because sometimes you have to blend with the bushes or the dark sky !!!! so many activities , gadgets , sneaking around , and talking to your so called friends because anybody can be suspect . GO !!!! get it now dont waist golden seconds when you could be solving a mystery . -LRB- did i mention buy it !!! -RRB-
 I love to play Barbie Secret Agent!The music and graphics are great , especially when you 're in the training room in action mode . OK , Spoiler here : : - -RRB- There are 3 modes you can be in
 This game is fun for my 5 years olds as well as 11 year olds .
 My 4 and five year old girl were able to figure this game out without a problem . Most of the instructions are verbal , and Barbie is very helpful . It 's nice to see the girls doing something other than putting makeup on . You go Barbie !
 Very good graphics , easy to navigate through , the kids really enjoy this game
 My daughter has been playing this game for years . This is her favorite game . She is 10 now and still loves it . There are a few tricky parts but overall fun and easy .
 If your little girl is crazy about Barbie , and what little girl is n't , then this is a great game . My 7 year old daughter is a novice video game player and it is so hard to find games that are n't too easy , but are n't for teens/tweens either.This game is perfect and she replays it a lot . I find that to be one of the best aspects of it.The game combines action and puzzle solving in a way that little girls will love . The controls are simple , just the arrow keys and space bar . I ca n't recommend this game enough .
 I had it when I was younger and I was hooked ! But I did n't like that there is the same bad guy . It was VERY hard at first so you HAVE to let them teach you everything in that weird room -LRB- sorry , i forgot what it was called -RRB- . I think that it would be for ages 31/2 - 8 . Hope i helped !!! :P lol
 I had purchased this software when I had a Motorola E815 . However , since I had a bluetooth adaptor , I did n't need to spend any additional money to use this when I swapped my E815 for an LG VX9800 . After I paired my phone with my laptop , I just went in to the settings and changed things over to the bluetooth com port . So , as long as your phone is supported , any bluetooth phone you buy will work with this software . DataPilot supports a wide range of phones from a wide range of carriers . Do n't underestimate the importance of this . If I had bought Motoroal Phone Tools , I 'd be stuck looking for something that worked with LG phones.Even though I had the techs at the Verizon store transfer my contacts , I was able to back them up on my laptop in DataPilot with no problem . Since the phonebook on the 9800 supports multiple numbers per contact , they show up this way in DataPilot as well . You can also import contacts from a palm device as long as the palm software is installed on the same machine . One thing to note though is that this software does not do true syncing . You either write to the phone or the PC , and the source data overwrites the destination.Then came calendar functions . The lack of true syncing is really a pain here . I import from Outlook on a daily basis . However , appointments deleted from Outlook are not deleted from he calendar in data pilot . The workaround for this is to delete the data in data pilot then reimport from scratch . This mimics what data pilot does with the phone . This is klunky , but once you figure it out , it works ok.Then , I messed around with ringtones . I have been able to download midi files to my laptop , and then open them in the midi editor . Once there , I can transfer them to my phone - contrary to what Verizon would have you believe . Midi tones are not great , but you should be able to find something better than the tones they give you . Oh , if you should like some of the factory set `` my sounds '' as ringtones , you can read them from the phone and send them back to the phone as ringtones.The only other feature that is supported on my phone is picture/video transfer from phone to PC . I do n't use my camera much , but I took a test picture to see how well it worked . When I tried to tranfer the picture to the PC , data pilot crashed . This is not important to me , but it is worth noting if it is important to you.I have n't tried to use DUN so I do n't know if this works or not . It is not supposed to be supported , but it might work.Overall it 's a decent product , and once you know the workarounds it is functional .
 the program works great once you figure a few things out.had to call tech support but they were very helpful
 Great Product , depending on the phone it can be easy to use or a real pain . Not the fault of the software .
 The features worked as described . The launcher interface is a little hokey . It is a picture of a phone and you click on the buttons of the phone to open the features.I liked the ringtone editor , very complete ; though the included background tracks were somewhat lacking.I do n't use the date planner stuff , so I do n't know about that.My pictures and contacts downloaded quite easily though it is painfully slow.Overall a good buy if you want to back up your own data or create your own ringtones etc. . I personally like entering all my contact data via keyboard and send it up to the phone - easier and faster .
 HAVE YOU EVER WANTED TO CREATE YOUR OWN HOUSE OR TRANCE MIXES ? I DID . GO TO AN HOUSE/TRANCE MP3 STORE ONLINE , PURCHASE THE TRACKS YOU LIKE , DOWNLOAD THEN INTO THE MIXMEISTER SETPAGE AND START MIXING . ITS THAT EASY . BLENDING TRACKS IS A SNAP . YOU CAN CHANGE THE TEMPO , ADD TRACK MARKERS , CHANGE BASS AND TREBLE LEVELS E.T.C. . THE PROGRAM IS VERY USER FRIENDLY AND CHEAP . I HAVE CREATED 3 DIFFERENT 8 TRACK MIXES SINCE I STARTED USING THIS SOFTWARE AND MY FRIENDS CANT TELL THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THEM AND SOMETHING PROFESSIONAL . GIVE MIXMEISTER EXPRESS A TRY , YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED .
 AAfter initially ordering this product in August , cancelling due to a delay , re-ordering in October , my husband finally purchased it directly from Mix Meister on line . Then , Amazon sent it -LRB- I had no clue because , living in Denver , we are encased in snow and have been since 20 Dec -RRB- , charged us , and it was at my business when I dug out and returned to work . My advice ? Do n't order software from Amazon . The rest of my experiences with them have been good , but I am STILL waiting on a refund ...
 Prosoft Data Rescue PC did an excellent job bringing my 40GB of data back from Norton Ghost . It 's like , if you have n't overwritten your Hard Disk with other data , you may just be fine using the Rescue PC.Yet , the quality of the CD itself that Prosoft shipped out is less than desirable . The disc is ugly , with flakes of shiny stuffs peeling of the surface of the disc . Plus , it is not a pressed CD , but rather a regular `` home made '' copy that burned right out of your PC 's CD writer . Anyway , discs like that do n't last for long.Still though , the overall rating is extremely positive ! I give it 4.5 stars ! It works very well !
 The best data recovery tool out there . The only reason I cant give it 5 stars was it only gets 3 stars for ease of use . the instructions need to be clearer
 I love this screensaver ! If any of you are wildlife -LRB- fishing -RRB- fans you are going to love this . You can choose from an alarming number of freshwater fish to populate your screensaver pond . I ca n't wait until the saltwater version comes out .
 At this price , what a perfect gift ! I love to have variety so I own a few different screensavers . This one is really great because it is so unique from the other aquariums ... the above-water scenery is what I love about it . And there are lots of fish -LRB- including some that I actually recognize ! -RRB- which is a bonus at this price . My daughter laughs hysterically when the frog jumps in the pond and swims across !
 I was looking for a screen saver that complimented my computer , and I 've found it here . I 've done a lot of research into both the expensive and really cheap screensavers out there . For $ 20 I was n't expecting much but this one really delivered on the goods . There are lots of fish , soothing backround noises that you can turn on and off , and two really cool features that make it way batter than the others I 've tried . One , you can set your active desktop to be the screen saver , which is cool because you can have them swimming around on your desktop like your icons are sitting on the front of an aquarium , and two it has backgrounds that you can select or change that give you different scenes and really make the product a lot more versatile that all of the other products I 've tried . If you are looking for a nice holiday gift or something for yourself , this one of the best deals for $ 20 I 've come across in a while .
 I was looking for a screen saver that complimented my computer , and I 've found it here . I 've done a lot of research into both the expensive and really cheap screensavers out there . For $ 20 I was n't expecting much but this one really delivered on the goods . There are lots of fish , soothing backround noises that you can turn on and off , and two really cool features that make it way batter than the others I 've tried . One , you can set your active desktop to be the screen saver , which is cool because you can have them swimming around on your desktop like your icons are sitting on the front of an aquarium , and two it has backgrounds that you can select or change that give you different scenes and really make the product a lot more versatile that all of the other products I 've tried . If you are looking for a nice holiday gift or something for yourself , this one of the best deals for $ 20 I 've come across in a while .
 This is one of the coolest screensavers I have ever seen , the fish move realistically , the environments look real , and the amount of fish you can have on screen at one time is amazing . For the price , it makes a great gift for any occasion !
 This was a bargain at $ 20 - better than the other ones that have no above water scenes . My kids get a kick out of the changing scenes and fish . On my big flatscreen it looks and sounds real .
 We have this set up on the PC at home and it looks GREAT . The fish and the scenes are really neat . Friends and family saw it at Thanksgiving on the monitor and loved it . So , I will be giving some for holiday gifts . At $ 20 , how can you go wrong !!! Highly recommended for home or office PC .
 Aside from teaching logic to children of all ages , this game also teaches self-confidence and self-esteem . Upon successfully completing a puzzle one hears `` Well done , oh wise and trusty guide , '' -- or words of the like . These magnificent puzzles build skill and character without pressure of any kind . Mistakes are just an opportunity to learn better next time.Each puzzle completed well brings praise and the reward of continuing on the logical journey . But in the instances one loses a few Zoombinis along the road , there is no cause for alarm . `` Do n't worry , you 'll meet the Zoombinis again later , '' the narrator tells players.The challenges are great for children of all ages and even for adults . I could think of much worse games with which to play of an afternoon with my kids . Even the characters and sound effects on this game are pleasant . This game is a welcome relief from mass-market time wasters . It 's fun and education packed together . -- Alyssa A. Lappen
 I would rate the game a 3.56 -LRB- on a scale of 1-5 -RRB- , which would be the equivalent of about 3.5 stars . We own this game , Zoombini Island Oddyssey . My daughter plays this occasionally . She finds it very difficult . I do too . I have to read the directions repeatedly to understand the game 's objectives . In Summary
 this game is probably my least favorite of the three zoombini games with logical journey being my favorite , but it is still a great game for children . the learning company tends to make the age limit younger then it should be . i would say its for like 7-13 years of age
 Bob bob bob bob bob bob the drums exploade with cataclysmic force wiping out all humans and ironically world hunger too .
 I went through the entire Kontakt2 tutorial and was very impressed . All of the features and functions are well covered in this product , and I am now using Kontakt like a pro . Well worth it no matter how you like to use Kontakt .
 I 'm most of the way through this tutorial , and I 've enjoyed it and it 's been extremely helpful . I 'm brand new to Kontakt , and fairly new to the digital music scene in general . I had played around with Kontakt some on my own prior to watching this tutorial , but was mostly baffled by the enormous cockpit that we are presented with in this program . This video has helped clarify a lot of things for me tremendously , and made me realize the vast amount of possibilities.What I like best about the video , is that the learning is all in the context of achieving specific goals . Rather than wandering aimlessly around the interface , the teacher starts you out with goals like `` lets create a new instrument from an existing sample '' or `` lets put together an orchestral multi instrument like what you 'd need to do midi orchestration '' . Things like that . And then in the context of doing those activities , you lean other things like the interface in general , interface customization , and basics about how the program works.There is also a heavy emphasis on how you customize different sounds . A lot of time is spent loading simples and creating custom instruments form the samples , or loading existing instruments and customizing them in different ways . It 's great stuff , and it 's also very well edited and very professional.The downside to this , and why it gets only 4/5 stars from me is that it is pricey , and also dated . As of the summer of ' 08 , we 're at version 3 of Kontakt now , and so this video is one version behind , yet there is no newer version , and they still charge full price for the video .
 After buying the High Sierra Search and Rescue - 7 episode dvd I took a chance , bought this dvd and was please to find a 92 minute version of the movie the series was based on that which was not included on the 7 episode dvd .
 SEARCH AND RESCUE/RIVER OF RAGE . I give this 2 movie dvd 4 stars.The Search and Rescue film is the pilot for Robert Conrad 's tv series of the same name and story and action wise it 's an enjoyable watch . I ` am also a Bob Conrad fan which was my first reason for buying this disc in the first place . The second film RIVER OF RAGE stars Victoria Principal and I 'd never seen it before and it is very well acted , fast paced and worth watching several times . A great plus .
 Search and Rescue/River of RageI received this DVD in a very timely manner and it worked flawlessly . It was just as advertised and I 'm very pleased with it ! You ca n't get any better than perfect .
 This product works with WIN XP and VISTA 64 . jumpstart artist educational computer gameMy son enjoys this product although he finds the Storybook Weaver Deluxe more entertaining except it does n't appear to work with VISTA 64 . They are both good programs .
 This was ordered as a birthday gift for our daughter -LRB- turned 5 -RRB- . She has used this for days . It teaches art style , how to mix colors -LRB- this gets subtle -RRB- , and lots more . It surpassed anything we had expected . But , every Jumpstart program has .
 This bundle is a bargain . It offers it 's users tremendous options for creativity . I have not had a great deal of time yet to hone my brain to fully utilize this , however I am looking forward to many fun times ahead . Grab it while you can !
 It is difficult to imagine that so few years ago academic and professional writers painstakingly typed and checked -LRB- or typed and did n't check -RRB- reference after reference . EndNote takes care of the hassle of managing multiple works and citations while writing a manuscript . As long as you type things in correctly the first time , you 're good to go , from title page to the last page of your index.EndNote is almost infinitely adaptable to the bibliographical style you want to use and infinitely searchable throughout any field you can think of and a few others that will make you grin to think people actually keep track of * that * . The learning curve can be a bit steep when you 're first getting to know the software , but this is more than compensated by the power it places in your hands once you 've mastered the basics . It integrates to virtually any word processor , so no worries there.The only negative observation I can make about ISI 's great software is that it 's expensive to buy and expensive to upgrade , a fact that I suppose can be chalked up to the fact that it 's working a niche market when compared to , say , the gamers and the accountants.I do n't know another product that rivals EndNote .
 You start off with a Live-CD which virtually everyone offers these days . It 's a great way to try before installing.To install just double-click on the `` Install icon '' on your desktop.And unlike the ever-popularUbuntu distro , Mandriva One comes with NVIDIA/ATI video drivers , Sun Java and Adobe Flash right out of the box . You do n't have to go hunting for them later . They are installed automatically.I 've been an Ubuntu user for most of the past few years . I decided to give Mandriva a try and frankly I find it even better for the average user than Ubuntu.The installation was even smoother . And unlike with the Ubuntu Live CD , Mandriva one also gives you the option to run the installation at startup without running the Live CD itself . So it works either way.And personally , I find Mandriva 's ia ora theme to be the best around . It 's very attractive without being overbearing -LRB- and unlike Ubuntu 's , it 's not brown : - > -RRB- . And unlike the confusion Ubuntu causes by their `` Kubuntu '' distribution -LRB- Ubuntu has GNOME , Kubuntu has KDE -RRB- , Mandriva is Mandriva , period . The Mandriva One Live CD comes in two versions , GNOME or KDE.After installing either , you can always easily add the other if you desire both -LRB- as I do -RRB- . The RPMDrake graphical installer is about the best I 've seen and I 've used a number of Linux distros over the years . And just like any other major distribution , Mandriva 's repository has thousands of programs . Most anything you want is easily found and installed , via the RPMDrake application . It has a very slick GUI.I do n't know how others here can feel the opposite that I do . It 's great , and all the `` professional '' reviews I 've read , agree.Note
 Attention all Apple Production Suite Owners you need this training bundle ! Inside Apple 's Production Suite Training Bundle is worth your time and effort Magnet Media has out done themselves with this series . This training bundle will allow you to quickly master your next project with ease and confidence . Each training disc has you working alongside instructors using media files included in the disc . There are over 25 hours of training contained with bundle.The actual package contains 4 DVD 's and the case that holds them all is impressive . Disc one tackles Motion , disk two is for Final Cut Pro 4.0 , disk three walks you through Final Cut Pro HD 4.5 , and disk four covers DVD Studio Pro.Each disk contains detailed instruction on how to use the training DVD . Navigation is simple thanks to a table of contents that appears on each page that highlights all of the chapters as well as an index and any additional information that is contained on the DVD.The actual training contained on each DVD is outstanding . I have dual monitors so it was great to have the training video on one screen while I worked with the software at the same time on my other screen . Thanks to the easy setup and navigation of each lesson I was able to revisit and watch the instructions over and over . Each lesson was very comprehensive . I wish I had this training bundle years ago . It would have saved me many hours on projects where I had to painstakingly recreate an effect.I would recommend `` Inside Apple 's Production Suite , Training Bundle '' from Magnet Media to any one who owns Apples Production Suite . The cost of the training bundle is inexpensive when compared to what you would dish out for one on one instruction . Plus you have a hard copy of the training that you can revisit over and over . My only complaint is wish I had it a year ago .
 Comprehensive Chess Endings is a bit closer to an `` endgame database '' than an actual endgame trainer . Unlike most of the Convekta training programs , the software interface is Chess Assistant Light.It comes with a set of 4,000 + training positions and almost 3,000 actual games with interesting/complex endings . For each training position you have to determine if it 's won or drawn , then perform the correct moves to reach the win or draw.This is an excellent program for intermediate or advanced players , but it 's going to be a bit intimidating for beginners . The use of CA Light makes sense for a large game database like this one , but it 's much more complex than Convekta 's standard training software and takes some getting used to.On the other hand , it 's a good introduction to database programs . You do n't have to use the advanced features to make use of the program , but after playing with them a bit it should become obvious how a database can be profitably used for study.If you 're looking for a basic endgame trainer this is n't the best choice ; I 'd suggest Convekta 's Chess Endgame Training , or Theory and Practice of Chess Endings . Either one lets you jump right in and start practicing , and if you 've ever used any of their other training programs you 'll feel right at home.But you 'll eventually want to get this one as well . The games database alone is worthwhile because it shows how all that seemingly `` useless '' theory is extremely useful in practice , plus the training examples are quite helpful for practicing more complex endings . And being able to see how many GM-level games were lost because of incorrect play is excellent motivation for learning these!While the Nalimov tablebases can be downloaded for free from various FTP sites , they 're quite large -LRB- the 5-man tablebases take up 3-4 GB -RRB- and the download takes a long time . Having them on DVD is more convenient.The tablebases are useful in many ways , but the most obvious for training purposes is to set up a random 3/4/5-man position and then play it against Crafty , Fritz , Shredder , etc. with the tablebases enabled . -LRB- Crafty is included with this program . -RRB- Thanks to the tablebases the computer wo n't make any mistakes , but your errors will become painfully obvious .
 I 've been looking to buy this comprehensive chess endings , but it is out of stock . Does anyone has one used copy for sale ? Thanks .
 This is a good source of map data , but watch the revision number of the particular product before buying , according to Garmin website lastest revision of MetroGuide Europe is Version 9 with significantly improved coverage of Spain And Portugal -LRB- believe the product shown here is version 6 ?? -RRB- . More generally , my experience with GPS mapping products for Europe has been spotty - rural roads and village/small city coverage/street names is frequently not very detailed and as such not alot of help . Major highway system and intercity routes is good - MetroGuide Europe is no exception .
 I choked on the City Navigator price for eTrex Legend Cx , but found this instead . While it is not advertised as working , it works fine , so long as you do n't want the unit to do routing for you . For my purposes , I could do w/o that and save the $ 165 . The only nit I have is that it is sometimes difficult to find places and attractions that you are looking for . You have to be creative w / the names you feed into search , and keep trying till you get it - it is in there.This review is for v8 .
 I do a great deal of OCR in my research and have scanned tens of thousands of FineReader 6 -LRB- FR6 -RRB- . I have also tried every other OCR software that is available for PCs . There are other good packages that can serve some needs adequately , but for my work , FR6 is superior in every respect . In particular it is substantially better than the most popular OCR program , OmniPage Pro 12 , as well as quite a bit less expensive . Others might have different preferences depending on what they do and what their equipment and software are.The bulk of my scanning/OCR involves academic articles and historical materials . For the most part I produce PDF files , although I also scan some tables to produce spreadsheets and do some scanning to Word files . Depending on the quality of the original and my precise purpose I may make a PDF with an image and hidden text , an OCR text file , or an OCR text file with images of uncertain words . I use an HP 7450 scanner connected to a Windows 2000 system with a 1.8 GHz P4 processor and 512 MB of RAM.On this system , FR6 is quite speedy and normally can perform recognition as rapidly as the fastest of desktop scanners will scan . It offers a choice of a fully automatic mode , partly automatic modes , or a very wide selection of user-specified modes . New users will get very good results on most material using the automatic mode and can learn to use its more powerful features as their needs dictate . Even in its automatic mode FR6 is superior to other packages in recognizing difficult text , speed , tools for correcting errors that do appear , and flexibility of output.One notable and important strength of FR 6 for my purposes is its ability to deal with the many superscripts , subscripts , and special symbols in the typical academic article . FR6 , by contrast , gives reasonably good accuracy with such material and makes it easy to correct the mistakes that do crop up . Very often I can scan an entire 20-page article and find not a single mistake.As I say , there are other products which will no doubt serve many people well . If something else comes free my advice would be to try it and see if it fills your needs . However , if you find you need something better , FR6 is the clear choice.If you do have another product be sure to see if you qualify for a `` competitive upgrade '' to FR6 at an even lower price ... Recently ABBYY has brought out version 7.0 , which for some reason Amazon carries only in the expensive `` corporate '' edition , intended for networked operations . The improvements over version 6.0 include somewhat better recognition accuracy ; manual control over page splitting ; ability to read PDF files , edit , and re-save the edited file in PDF or another format ; and improved editing tools . It is definitely worth getting version 7.0 rather than 6.0 , but it appears that you have to go to some other vendor than Amazon to get the consumer-oriented `` professional '' edition .
 I have n't used any other OCR software packages except the one that came with my scanner . Abby FinePoint is , obviously , far superior . So far , I 've had good results . Tables are n't as automatic as I 'd like , but things have been moving more and more quickly . It 's fairly easy to format tables and graphics . I also like that it does n't put whole pages of text in text boxes . This was one of the main reasons I decided to upgrade . It was making it difficlut to flawlessly merge multipage documents . Abbyy FinePoint is far better.A couple of things that were ' t clear to me : The Presto ! OCR 4.0 that CNET recomments is made by Abbyy and is based on their v. 3.0 , so you might as well go with the Abbyy 6.0 . ... You can buy the upgrade is you have ANY OCR software . I upgraded from the version of Presto ! that came as Epson Smart Pannel . That makes this package a great deal.It was also a good deal for me because if you register the product , you get Abbyy FormFiller free . The eliminates the need to ever use a typewriter again . Great for any sort of applications , in my case grant applications . It 's saving me tons of time and hassle . ... You can download a sample version ... . I highly recommend trying it before buying .
 Integrates well with Word . Works well under both Windows 98 and Windows XP Professional edition . Using with Mustek Bearpaw 1200 USB scanner with no problems . Marked improvement over the TextBridge software that came with the scanner . Works well with both photos , handwriting documents , and typed documents . Would highly recommend this product for both home and business use .
 The FineReader OCR package performs as advertized . I required a package that worked with other alphabets and FineReader fit the bill . I was able to perform OCR on faint 9.5 point Czech typeface with no training -- and I got Czech spell checking to boot.The package is so simple that I failed to read the manual for the first week of use , then when I finally read it , discovered all kinds of OCR aids built into the package . The FineReader does everything I need and more . What 's more , you can download a fully operational package and use it for two weeks to be sure it does what you want .
 VideoCraft 3.6 a program is a great little tool ! This program can help you create many different animations including GIF89a web animations and Morphing tools . The VideoCraft 3.6 a update adds GIG89a support to version 3.0 . If you can find the update , I would recommend that you download it since it fixes severals bugs in version 3.0 . With VideoCraft , you can create Web Banners , Morphs , Instant Overlays , Distortions and convert AVI files to small GIF animations -LRB- for web use -RRB- I use VideoCraft for my own web page and for our Intranet site at work . This program is very good at what it does . It will use whatever video codec you have installed to render the image . Divx , AVI , etc. . It is a shame that North Coast Software no longer makes this or is in business since this software , which started out in 1995 and ended in 1998 , was great !
 Buy it !! It 's an astonishing product in its reach and versatility ; Short of the macrobucks stuff up there in the professional market , you could n't hope for more than this software offers . Not the least of its virtues is that hard-to-define and rather rare quality of ` graceful intuitiveness ' . That is it to say one can navigate around its offerings as one 's instincts would suggest . It has the kind of cohesion suggesting that it must have come out of the mind of one man . I do n't think that the most dedicated of committee work cold have come up with the same . Finally , do n't be put off by its Windows 95 embedment - though of course it is windowsXP
 Adobe Lightroom is amazing . I have been using it since the first beta , it just was n't something I could switch to . At a studio I work at they have Capture One , which is an amazing piece of software , but I found it lacking when it comes to organizing `` my '' photos . I bought Apples Aperture when it came out , and it blew me away . Aperture has the loupe , -LRB- now found in bridge cs3 -RRB- , light table -LRB- Lightrooms new compare feature -RRB- , which is amazing for setting up comps , if you like to do story work on your photos . Aperture has a rejection tag that you can use to reject photos to delete later -LRB- bad blur , or too many like shots -RRB- , Lightroom now has this feature as well -- you just press X , then when you are ready to rid yourself of those click the delete rejected photos button , if you rejected it accidentally press U , if you have a favorite pic just press P to `` pick '' it . Aperture has stacks , which if you shoot multiple exposures -LRB- hdr , pano , etc -RRB- they can be stacked up and you can choose a pick , Lightroom in version 1 now has this as well . The other big feature any other raw program needs to compete with Aperture for me is their collections . Its similar to a smart playlist in iTunes , you can sort by rating , keyword , what have you . Lightroom now has this as well , meaning you can pick your favorite waterfall photos from several years of shooting and put them in a logical folder , meaning no extra space to store your favorites . This feature , and rejection caused me to loose over 40gb by switching to Lightroom!While my review may seem as though Lightroom copied the best features from Aperture and improved upon them , for the most part that 's true . The best part is they improved soo many other features . If you have used Aperture , or iPhoto , you know how big a joke their clone stamp tool is . Lightroom ? Just as good as Photoshop ! I 'm constantly changing lens when I 'm out in the field shooting . It is such a pain to have to go to Photoshop and save psds of all my work just to get rid of the dust . Now I do n't have too . Lightrooms clone stamp feature is worth the price alone.Lightroom also has snapshots . You can make a sweet black and white , a fancy stylistic design , or whatever , and save these as snapshots , which are basically separate images , that only take up 24k and is store in that one raw file , opposed to 8-22mb depending on your camera . If snapshots are too complicated to mess with you can use `` Virtual Copies '' -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- , where you make a virtual copy of the photo , it stacks it behind the other photo . The big deal is this file is fake , it only takes up the 24k that any raw adjustment takes up inside of Lightroom . You can make multiple copies of the same photo , try different effects , and combine these . I cant tell you how many duplicate files I have on my machine , from multiple PSD 's of the same image , to copied over raw files being afraid of messing something up.Another thing Lightroom excels at is speed . The interface is blazing , I ca n't believe how fast I can view my raw files . The shortcuts just make since , and everything works like a charm . I am truly in love with this program . Another `` speed '' aspect of Lightroom is when the canon 400d came out , I wanted to buy it as a backup , I did , and Lightroom was the first , and only raw program to support it for sometime . Aperture did n't support the camera until a couple months ago . I plan on buying the new canon Mark 3 for weddings , and this fact alone makes me want to have Lightroom.If all this is n't enough , you can create your favorite keywords and apply them as keyboard shortcuts , so if you have something you want to send to a stock photo agency , set a keyword up for that and press cmd +1 or whatever you setup your keywords as . Also I enjoy using bridges way of pressing 1-5 for ratings and 6-9 for colors . Aperture makes you press the + key to rate up however many times . It 's not well thought out.For me Lightroom is a killer app . At 200 it is a steal . My nature photos usually require Photoshop to get rid of dust on my images . I then use Photoshop to do some color correction and sharpening . Now with Lightroom if I need Photoshop at all , it is for comp work , selective sharpening , and special effect work -LRB- lighting , vignettes , filters , adjustment layers , etc -RRB- . I know a lot of people who shoot that never get dust on their lens at all , and this clone stamp might not seem like a big deal , but it is , you can clone plants to fill in gaps , get rid of blemishes , etc. . Lightroom is a one stop shop . You can import your photos as DNG 's , apply keywords and metadata , while you import . Then you can choose your favorites , go to the develop module , finish up your images , then print , or put it on the web . You can even customize the Lightroom logo on the top now to say `` Your Studio '' or whatever ; it 's really a fun app , I hope Lightroom sees some plugins soon to add even more functionality , but right now I am very satisfied , and I am very picky .5 Stars .
 It feels like I 've tried them all . Windows Digital Imaging Suite , Adobe Photoshop Elements and so on . They all had strengths and weaknesses . What one did well , the other failed at miserably -LRB- and visa versa -RRB- . Along comes Photoshop Lightroom and it 's like a ray of light in the darkness.I 'll try to cover the highpoints : # 1 Speed
 I got this -LRB- using the trial , soon to purchase -RRB- because it allows non-destructive editing of JPGs as you can with RAW files . I have a DSLR that shoots RAW , but I also have a couple of quality P&S ; cameras that do n't . Editing copied JPGs and preserving master copies gets old really fast , even in Photoshop CS2 which I own . As an organizational tool , LR is a breakthrough . I only have to keep * one * JPG photo - it 's archival * and * can be diddled with , just like a RAW image.Editing in LR you can do a few things you ca n't in Photoshop - such as put your cursor on the image and drag it to change the saturation or hue for the precise color under the original click -LRB- and wherever it occurs in the rest of the image , natch -RRB- . This is * so * much easier than moving sliders . It allowed me to erase the green cast of a fluorescent light in a few seconds - no experimenting . There is also a `` vibrance '' adjustment that adjusts the saturation of the image but weights the movement in favor of the under-saturated colors , not all colors equally . Brilliant ! These features will probably become available in updates to Camera Raw and to PS , but if you have to choose , there 's a big price difference.Rudy said that `` Conversely , the most simple album tasks such as renaming an image or moving a file to another folder are maddeningly inconvenient . '' I think he is mistaken . Moving images is drag and drop -LRB- be sure you drag from the middle of the image , not the border -RRB- and file renaming is as simple as typing over the old name . -LRB- Multiple file renaming is available , but I have n't tried it yet . -RRB- LR will not do many things Photoshop does in the way of montages and even the clone stamp , which is much harder to use in LR . It wo n't do perspective cropping -LRB- but it does do level cropping to straighten horizons and so on -RRB- . But , what it does it does really well , and again , for organizing photos , it kills Photoshop and Bridge . The bargain package for new users might just be LR and Photoshop Elements for under $ 300 . -LRB- You can set up LR to work with * any * other photo editor , such as Paintshop Pro or whatever . -RRB- Need more than that ? You are dangerously close to becoming a Pro.Four stars because it 's release 1.0 and I hope will add features I need . Then it gets Five .
 I purchased Lightroom a little under a month ago and absolutely love it.I 've used Photoshop for several years for touching up images to make them just as I wanted , but with the placement of different settings it can be quite difficult to quickly go in and make multiple adjustments and boost the image quality.I 'm an amateur photographer and wanted a way to enhance my images without going through this process one by one through my collection and Lightroom is the perfect program for that.The program uses different tabs which each offer a different area to work with.The Library tab allows you to view all of your image galleries for quick navigation and finding the images you need . Here you can `` Tag '' pictures with keywords to group them or quickly locate using the built in search box . Perfect for digital camera images which often use a generic IMG0001.JPG filename and allows you to stay organized.In this view you can also flag images as accepted or rejected and rate them using a 5 star scale - another useful feature for sorting.The Develop tab is the one you 'll be using most - this is where you make the actual adjustments . Here you can adjust the temperate , white balance , saturation , exposure , black levels , fill light , vibrance , contrast , brightness , highlights , shadows , noise reduction , sharpness , luminance and a variety of other options via slider menus . All changes are reflected instantly in the program window so you can tell instantly if you like it or not . If you decide you dont , undo it or use the History command to go back and undo as many changes as you 'd like.One of my favorite options here is the before/after view - you can view a side by side or split screen view of your original image and the one with the changes you 've made . . Really useful and a feature I use almost every time.One of the nicest options though , is the ability to perform a series of actions to ALL images in a gallery . If you take several hundred convention photos -LRB- like I did -RRB- only to realize that they 're a little too dark . . you can edit one of them and carry the changes over to as many photos as you 'd like with just a few clicks.The Slideshow tab lets you create a custom slideshow and export it as a PDF -LRB- something I didnt know was possible with the format -RRB- - I havent used this function and probably wo n't for a while . I would 've much preferred an `` export to DVD '' or video file option , and some more customization.The Print tab is pretty straightforward.The Web tab lets you optimize your images/galleries for the web - it goes as far as creating the actual HTML coding for the galleries and can even export flash galleries . This is a very nice option for those who do n't have a lot of time or experience to create one yourself . It looks professional but the templates are limited and you 'll see the same ones used by many people over the web -- if you 're doing this professionally though , you probably already have your own templates though.The program is very nice and easy to work with . You 'll quickly realize what each option does and when to use it -LRB- or when not to use it -RRB- . You can make some very neat images with very little tweaking but there is a slight problem here . . Lightroom uses the ProPhoto colorspace while most modern desktops are configured to use the sRGB colorspace . . Something I never bothered to get into because I just did n't feel that I needed to . The problem is that when you work in lightroom , you adjust the images by using what you see on screen . When you export the images though , they look completely different -LRB- either darker , less contrast , less vibrance or a number of other issues -RRB- when viewed in programs like Windows Photo Viewer.I re-adjusted all of my computer settings to match the ProPhoto settings and programs like Windows Photo Viewer still have the exact same problem . Only programs that use the selected colorspace will display properly . This was quite disappointing since it makes it `` What you see is what you get . . as long as you use this program , this program or this program '' . If you plan to use Lightroom for your image galleries , this is fine -LRB- probably also works fine on professional photo viewers -RRB- . For beginners who are looking for an easy way to enhance their snapshots , this can be a huge drawback.Another problem I had was with printing . I use an external photo printer -LRB- no connection to a PC and operates using memory cards -RRB- - this one had the same issues as the computer , not printing the images as they appeared in Lightroom.With that said , I do still highly recommend the program and the issues seem to mostly be with other programs not reading computers colorspace correctly . . However , I would have liked an option to change the Lightroom colorspace independently like you can in Photoshop -LRB- for us non-professionals -RRB- . Lightroom also works with Photoshop and by right clicking an image you can export it to photoshop to make further changes.If you have photoshop , you can always use that for touching up images . Lightroom expands on that and allows you to touch up groups of images all at once rather than individually working with each image on its own . Because of this , I highly recommend it . I 'm hoping some future upgrades to it will address some of my complaints .
 Lightroom is great for professional digital photographers and Photoshop enthusiast , but if you 're a hobbyist you may want to go a simpler and less expensive route.If you shoot in RAW the program can be a lot of fun and produce some very impressive work . RAW is `` unprocessed '' images before the camera processes the image . Lightroom allows you to do the processing and that is a huge benefit and give you complete control over your finial image output . RAW allows color adjustment , white balance and better image sharpening.I have been doing freelance web design for many years and the web templates that come with Lightroom are very professional if you do not know anything about web design and development . Also like many Adobe web products it comes with nice ftp software . It does a good job making nice web pages , but you still have to create your website , it is n't an html editor.The program has a slick interface with 5 tabs ; Library , Develop , Slideshow , Print and Web . You import your images in Library mode , fine tune -LRB- play -RRB- with your images in Develop and use Slideshow or Print for you output and finally Web to load them up to your website . It does it all and it does it remarkably well.The biggest draw back to this program is that is does n't come with a book , it is more a brochure . It you decide to purchase the product it would be a good idea to pick up a 3rd party book at the same time . Also you want to make sure you camera shoots in Raw , do n't assume that you have a new camera and it does.So is the program a buy , a definite yes if you shoot in RAW format , but if you do n't you may not get your value from this program.Keith JohnsonManager of the Seattle Flash User Group
 Abobe hits one out of the park . I find Adobe software clunky and hard to use . While I understand that the more flexibility you want the more complex the program but Photoshop and InDesign have learning curves that are steeper than Mount Everest . I expected Lightroom to be the same - an excellent program with a huge learning curve . Well it is and it is n't which it why Lightroom is such a pleasure to use . I do n't know what Adobe is thinking in creating this gem of a program but the team who designed it are collective geniuses . For they have taken a complex and sometimes frustrating chore and for lack of better words made it gentle and pleasing . The program makes spending time with your photographs actually enjoyable.Lightroom is fabulous from look and feel to functionality . The strength is not only in the photo management portion of the program but also in the strong photo developing functions that can turn an OK photo into an amazing one.If you do anything with photographs buy this program . You wo n't regret it .
 having seen aperture and been blown away was hungry to see what lightroom had to offer , and its a very impressive piece of software.i am amazed how much of my workflow i have moved from photoshop and bridge is now redundant.its very well designed software and really makes photoshop look dated , aperture looks a little but more shiny , but for me in terms of use both weigh in equally.its a joy to organise and manage vast collections of images , and works suprisingly well on older less powerful systems.tweaking images has never been easier , and the results are stunning , not only for raw files but great for revisiting some of the older images lurking in your archives , in fact some film scans which previously had required too much work to make into decent digital files , lightrooms subtle touch can really work wonders.i have rarely been so impressed with a new piece of software , a pleasure to use and a simple and powerful tool for a photographers digital darkroom .
 From reading some of the other reviews this product is one that you either love or hate . Yes the 300 USD . is rather steep as is the learning curve , it has helped me to arrange over 25,000 photos stored rather easily . Tagging and date arrangements , the powerful find function will let you sort by specific exif data like type of lens used or aperture or speed photo was shot as well as all the common find functions . Even incorporates geotagging , although because documentation is skimpy if you download the product from adobe , most knowledge breakthroughs come from the internet , where many people have made more gallery settings , web site settings , develop settings that you can add into Lightroom . Once the keyboard shortcuts are learned , cropping , straightening and so many other features become quite easy.As an owner of photoshop cs3 , find myself seldom opening photoshop , tweaking pictures within the develop module with great results with post processing . Buyers should be aware that Lightroom 2.0 beta is out and adds even more features and fine tunes many of the existing features from Lightroom 1.4 . Lightroom 2.0 should be out in August of September of this year.For me , the non-destructive editing is a space saver and picture file conserver of space , not ending up with multiple copies of the same picture each with their own adjustments.Bottom line if you are willing to read the help columns and blogs and discussion groups on the internet as well as look at the help files on Adobe for learning and try and learn just a couple of things each day , there is n't much that this program will not do for you in categorizing , postprocessing , publishing via ftp for a web site . The only thing that stopped me from 5 stars is the 300 USD price tag , but i guess that is to cover all of the lost revenue to all the bootleg copies floating around.If you are into photography , have a lot of photos that need organizing and tuning up , this program works very well . Converting raw files to most other image formats and allowing batch exporting , file renaming in a few clicks the task s done . .
 Great product , great design and easy to use -LRB- unlike many programs -RRB- . You can really tell that Adobe listened to the Beta test feedback and gave the photographers what they ask for .
 Wonderful product . Very fast and intuitive . Excellent editing and works smoothly with my digital camera . Easy to incorportate into a workflow and makes my pictures much better than they probably should be . Highly recommend .
 I have used Photoshop for many years , starting with version 5 thru CS2 and find this to be one of the quickest ways to improve and clean up my photographs . The program is powerful and simple to use .
 The several-day learning curve is worth it , even if you are n't a professional . Lightroom cut the time I spend sorting photos in a third.It 's well worth spending some time learning the keyboard shortcuts - check out the video tutorials on Adobe 's site -LRB- even before you buy -RRB- . They 'll give you a sense of how you can speed up your workflow , and spend your time actually * taking * pictures , rather than fiddling with them after the fact .
 I echo the other reviewers on Lightroom 's capabilities , and highly recommend this software . I use Adobe 's Creative Suite Premium CS3 , and I 'm a little miffed that Lightroom is n't included . Lightroom does n't replace Photoshop by any means , and it does n't have the overall photo/file review capabilities of Bridge , but it fills a much needed niche for Adobe . It 's a must have for sorting large volumes of digital images , for reviewing directly from your digital camera , -LRB- be careful if your using it for B & W , i.e. , TIF images scanned from negatives -RRB- . Lightroom is terrific for creating web galleries , and probably indispensable for many digital photography tasks ... still left to explore/discover . I strongly recommend getting the free 30 trial before you buy .
 I 've had Lightroom for a few days now and I love it . There are still lots of things I need to learn about Lightroom but here are a few things I like so far . *** You can rename a group of photos in a matter of seconds . *** You can change a large number of photos to black in white when youimport the photos into lightroom . *** Lightroom builds a photo gallery for you to display all your photoson the web in a matter of minutes . It resizes all photos for you.These are just a few valuable tools that I have used so far . When you are working with between 100 and 300 photos for a gallery , Lightroom makes it easy to organize and edit all of the photos at once .
 Lightroom runs very fast on my minimum configured Mac PowerBook . I have n't used the software very much , nor have I read the manual , yet I have been able to process RAW files acceptably well . It definitely sits on the shelf with the big boys . Other products I use are
 I 've only been using Lightroom for a day , but I was pleasantly surprised with the Photoshop integration . Just hit Cmd-E , and Lightroom creates a copy of the photo -LRB- with our without the changes you applied in Lightroom -RRB- for editing in Photoshop format , and groups that copy in a stack with the original . As you save your changes in Photoshop , the image is updated in Lightroom.I felt that the workflow was very smooth .
 I am falling in love with Lightroom . I am a semi-pro photographer and have been using Bridge and Photoshop to process my RAW files and Lightroom is doing the whole process easier and better than CS2 bridge . It has forced me to start cataloging my images , which I desperately needed . One of the great things is that I can revisit my old work and import those old Jpeg files . I will say that it takes a bit of learning to get how it wants to handle the images . But , Adobe has some really great video tutorials which made it really easy to use . Finally the image editing features do a great job and I only have to use Photoshop for special touch up needs . I recommend it highly .
 It is very easy to go wrong with this product . It is being brought out in a relatively simple form that you just know is going to grow . It is NOT photoshop or even photoshop like . It is n't what you use to fix a picture -LRB- though you sure can -RRB- . Something has happened . Film is going away . People used to have to pay for film and for images that were anything from totally black to whiteout with maybe 1 good image out of 24 ? Now we preview and shoot freebies as digital . Lots and lots of pictures . Some of us shoot over 1000 images in one outing . Ohhhh , but it gets more hairy than that . Now digital cameras are taking images that are as good in print as film . And - if you use the original data from the camera -LRB- in raw form called RAW data -RRB- rather than an automatically interpreted shrunk -LRB- JPEG -RRB- version , you might even get paid money for what you take.But those unshrunk RAW files are big ? Yes . So how do you zip through 1000 RAW data files and sort them into Aunty EM , Lion , Scare Crow , Oz ... or make a slide show , or print certain ones or make contact sheets . and brighten 30 at a time or boost the contrast in this bunch - fast.Lightroom .
 I 've just started using Lightroom 1.0 and I love it . I especially love the organizational capabilities and the develop module is terrific . There is a bit of a learning curve , but with time I know that Lightroom and I will be producing some superb images.I 'm not sure yet if I will bite the bullet for CS3 . Digital photography is always expanding , always improving and alas ... always getting more expensive.What does annoy me is the current trend towards very little printed documentation . Lightroom arrived with a little booklet ... only much later did I discover the documentation file on the cd . What ever happened to providing a basic book with the software ????
 I used the public beta of lightroom , it was amazing & I could n't wait for final releaseof it , I ordered it , helpful for photographers . ****** Nondestructive editing ****** High recommended .
 I am using lightroom everyday . it is great software and really it is for photographers .
 Who would expect anything less from the producers of Photoshop ? It has as much or as little as you need .
 The product is great . But the CD is flawed in that I could not install software from Autoplay . The CD just sat in the drive and clicked-clicked away and the CD drive froze . I was able to install by exploring the disc and initiating from the Install.exe . I could probably have returned the faulty CD but that is such a hassle . Judd Rogstad
 Lightroom is a revolution for processing RAW and JPG files for photographers that create tons of images.As a user of Apple 's Aperture and long time user of Photoshop , iView , and others I would say that Lightroom has an organic interface that 's very logical and easy to adapt to . My favorite developmental tools are the draggable histogram for exposure control and targeted adjustment tools for tweaking saturation , color , curves , and more . Enjoy the fact you can trade adjustment presets with other computers and users and have a quick view when you drag over a preset name as well.Lightroom is not to be confused with `` Photoshop '' as an image editing tool . Although it offers basic cloning and healing tools , rotation , vignette , and cross processing tools , it 's sole purpose is to act as `` the photo lab '' -LRB- in my view -RRB- as it batch edits any of it 's adjustments with simple key commands and lightning speed . Also given the power to sort and rank , label and rename , print and slideshow , lightroom obviously has a lot of power as a post-production tool . Do n't throw away photoshop ; you 'll want to use it for special effects and major image surgery.All-in-all , if you shoot a ton and find yourself buried in `` workflow '' with lots of time at the computer -- demo and possibly buy Lightroom . If you like the fancy box and think the name sounds neat , keep walking . It 's only on version 1 and already incredibly powerful so with some of the suggestions we keep giving Adobe , Lightroom will be a force to be reckoned with . The relative weaknesses it has right now are eclipsed by the power , flexibility , and price tag .
 This application is sweet ! It can draw every pixel of information out of a camera RAW file with infinite tweaking ability . The main difference for me is the 16 bit work flow . I used to use just Photoshop for image work with 8 bit camera JPG 's , now I use Lightroom to prepare image files and Photoshop to do the heavy photo-manipulation , keeping the files in 16 bit until the final output . Twice as much value information makes a big difference.I used to hear photographer 's and the Photoshop TV guys going on and on about 16 bit and camera RAW without understanding what they were really talking about , now I 'm a convert . Unfortunately some of Photoshop 's filters only work in 8 bit , so I save those until the last.Adobe really thought out the layout , and it is a pleasure to look at , especially on a nice display . I 've only scratched the surface of all of the control possibilities and look forward to discovering more .
 As a serious amateur photographer , starting to sell some work and getting more into the craft of the digital darkroom , I was thrilled to discover this quite intuitive digital darkroom software . I downloaded the 30 day free trial from -LSB- ... -RSB- and made a point of NOT consulting tutorials and such so that I could test it 's ability to make me feel comfortable about the whole image management and development process . I found it to be as easy as any software I 've ever learned , and I encourage you to take the 30 day trial and play with images that are near and dear to your heart - I 've been able to fine tune images that I never thought would be much to observe into much more respectable images that I am proud of . I found a comfort level very quickly , and I hope you can too . PS
 This is a great product for what it does . It is very good for screening the mass quantities of photos I take with my digital SLR , and is quite good at raw conversion , and minor adjustments in white balance , exposure and the like . I like the filing system as well . The slide show feature is very nice , but it is irksome that you ca n't export the slide shows to anything but pdf files ... in other words , you ca n't export to a cd or dvd to play on TV 's and the like . This inability is why I took away a star . Another nitpik is that iTunes is NOT available/integrated for slide show background music in the windows version -LRB- other mp3 formats do work , and iTunes does work in the MAC version -RRB-
 Before Lightroom , there were the dark ages ... I have been enlightened . The workflow of Lightroom has made me much more productive , and enabled me to deliver much more to my demanding photo clients . If you shoot hundreds or thousands of photos per week , it is a must have.You 'll need a lot of RAM and a fast CPU to really experience the joy of lightroom without too much of the frustration , but things have improved dramatically with recent updates . Do make sure you hit the Adobe website and grab the latest version.What Lightroom does : Imagine a darkroom , you can adjust photo exposures , colors , tone curves , correct for lens artifacts , convert to black and white , crop , rotate , sharpen ... everything you might need to do in order to turn your raw digital negatives into beautiful photographs . Lightroom is it . We have entered the age of photo enlightenment . Pair it up with Photoshop for the ultimate in digital photo post production.In addition to the photo manipulation features , Lightroom also offers comprehensive photo cataloging , metadata management , and keyword management . It makes finding just the right photo a breeze . Powerful export features let you choose a variety of file formats , sizes , and actions . Once you get into the groove , it 's a joy to work with.Save time , create better finished photos , export for web or print -- easy ! It was enhancing my productivity from the first day of beta testing . I 'll never look back .
 Adobe has hit the leather off the ball with release 1 . I 've been a photoshop fan for over 10 years now and have become fairly adept at using all features . Simply put , Lightroom blows it away . I 've never seen more intuitively developed software.Sliders make choices easy and there 's a one click feature that allows you to compare the effects of tweaks before and after and best of all , everything you do to the photo is non destructive , so you can revert back to the original with one click of the button . I now have a process for importing , filing , metataging , processing , tweaking , output and printing in one sweet little bundle.It must have been how scientists felt after reading Darwin ... why did n't anyone think of this before?Trust me , buying this program will be the best money spent this year .
 I did n't want to spend a ton on a photo editing program and was happy to find an older version . I have been quite busy , so have not used it as much as I would like to , but I am happy with it . It has a lot of options that are easy to use and some I ca n't figure out yet . But overall I 'm glad I bought it .
 It is a great program if you 're looking to edit your photographs easier than in photoshop , because its all in one window . If you 're serious about photography and getting better photos when you edit this is the program you 'll want .
 Lightroom does many things well . Cataloging and adjusting images is easy . Uploading images to a web site is easy . Uploading to photo sharing web sites is easy with some free Lightroom plugins . Printing is easy . If you are using iPhoto or Picasa and are looking for something better , Lightroom is worth trying .
 Working with Photoshop LightroomFirst , I click on develop and then click on Basic sliders . Next , I use the sliders to send instructions to Photoshop Lightroom stored in my hard drive 's Picture folder . The Metadata allows me to name my photo images . Lightroom does not change my flash card digital numbers.You can Heal photo spots and blemishes with Photoshop Lightroom . Check out the excellent help menu in Photoshop Lightroom . The Remove Spots tool lets you repair a selected area of a photo with a sample from another area . In the Develop module , select the Remove Spots tool from the Lightroom Toolbar.Using the ToolbarClone
 I ca n't speak for everyone , but editing photos ranks pretty high on my list of things I wish I did n't have to do . Especially since I am a motosports photographer for a magazine and can have up to 3,000 images to shift through and cherry pick -LRB- which are always due ` NOW ' or ` yesterday ' -RRB- Lightroom works great for me in that it allows me to quickly tag , delete , sort , and rank my photos . I can sort photos for different clients , quickly fix minor problems , watermark , and export to disk at lightning speeds . Like when I had shot a press intro , I had to distribute photos to 3 different magazines and they could n't get the same images . I assigned each client a different color tag , and ranked photos either a `` 5 '' for an absolute perfect photo , or a `` 4 '' for a photo that needed some photoshop work -LRB- such as blurring logos , or license plates -RRB- . Then I could sort the photos with 4-star ratings , import them into photoshop and export them back into lightroom when I was done.Though if I could change one thing , it would be the documentation . That little pamphlet -- what is that ? You really need to learn Lightroom , how everything works , and how those features can work for you . Once you know those things , LR can really help your workflow . Toss the booklet , and do a search online for some video tutorials.A last little note ... this program does not play nice with older PC 's . At least , it 's super slow and annoying to operate on my husband 's 3-4 yr old PC that has limited space . It works quickly and beautifully on my Mac Pro , but it is up-to-date OS-wise and has plenty of free harddrive space and RAM . Something you may want to take into consideration .
 As one other reviewer commented , I 've tried many of the other software packages out there , and they all have their highlights , but none was really satisfying my needs end-to-end . Lightroom differs . It truly provides me with an efficient workflow for my pictures , has an intuitive user interface , and enough feature power to cover 99 % of my shots in a single tool . The edit functions are powerful enough that when you belong to the school that tries to get the photo right in the camera rather than in the digital dark room , you can make those small tweaks in Lightroom without having to go to another editor.Specific features I like
 I love Lightroom . Been using it since Adobe had it free in Beta.I am a real amateur photographer . mostly of my kids and us up in mountains . Live in NYC so need to take pictures to remind us of the outdoors ! : - -RRB- I use this on a Mac Mini Intel and a Windows XP machine . They are EXACT looking and functioning on either machines/OS . And what made this an even sweeter deal was I got it with the Special Introductory Price . $ 100 off.Worth the full price though.I use a Canon Rebel XT -LRB- will soon move up to a Canon 30d -RRB- and it has saved many a photo.A couple of suggestions to others like me .1
 They say , if Ansel Adams was around he 'd be snapping away with a digital camera . Maybe so , but I doubt he would be adding type to his images or cutting , pasting and warping . What for ? My point is that from the beginning , Photoshop has had very little to do with photography.So Adobe got together with some photographers and ended up with something that leaves the emphasis on taking and fine-tuning a great photo -- not altering , retouching or salvaging a poor one -LRB- although it can do all that -RRB- . And what a program it is ! Fast , intuitive and surprisingly easy to use . Reasonably priced , too.Lightroom also adapts to different ways of working . If you take pictures the old fashioned way and spend a day making 3 or 4 really memorable images , no problem . Or , if you want to take hundreds of shots and edit , in the hope that a few will be good , Lightroom is even better for that.Really great software and such a pleasure to see Adobe `` gets it '' .
 Adobe Lightroom does exactly what I was looking for . Photo editing and organizing -LRB- keywords , ratings , renaming -RRB- this is a robust package.I currently use Photoshop CS2 and iPhoto . I never really like iPhotos method of organizing or trust it 's editing capabilities . So I relied on Photoshop and then reimporting a copy of the image back into iPhoto . which all seemed like to many steps . Lightroom has changed my workflow and the way I work , eliminating 3 or 4 steps in the process.Pros : - Interface is beautiful to work in.-Simple switching view modes . -LRB- switch from G
 This is a great software for Photographers looking for a faster way to manage and edit images . I gave it a four because I would hope that ADOBE would still find ways to improve this product . The functionality is superb , and for such a great program , it does n't eat too much memory on your computer -LRB- I have a 4 year old PC with 768 MB of RAM -RRB- . And because of this I 'm shooting more pictures in RAW format and not worry about the time I spend in front of the computer.I 'll definitely be buying the next upgrade .
 Adobe LightRoom is most definitely made for photographers.This program has amazing organizational features for your giant photo library . Giving you the ability to add tags to your photos for idenitfication , to flag a photo or reject it completely , and also to rate a photo from 1 to 5 stars or by 5 different colors , allowing for incredible diversity when it comes to sorting , comparing and filing photographs.A basic , but intuitive , development section gives you all the necessary Photoshop processing tools for tone adjustment , exposure , color , and more . This allows basic processing feature access without waiting for Photoshop to load . For more in-depth processing , you can open the photo with Photoshop right from the lightroom window , and it saves the results back to LightRoom.Lightroom also includes a section for preparing your Photos for the web or for print.As far as I 'm concerned , this program is necessary for my work and is an incredible asset for any photographer with more than a few dozen files.As far as some of the complaints I 've read , many bugs have been worked out since it 's inception as would be expected . Working with photographers , Adobe has released LightRoom 2 which offers many new processing and filing features .
 great program to white balance all your photos that you shoot in raw format -LRB- nef -RRB- . Color correction is easy and so is exposure and white balance . I dont like the way it imports or saves items , can be a little tricky in that area , otherwise this is a good program to get the professional finish to your pictures for the best picture and color quality .
 This is all the amateur photographer needs . Links to CS & Elements for more detail modification if needed . Update to 1.4 . This product just keeps getting better .
 Very nice user interface . Has great tools that are easy to use to categorize and keep track of large numbers of photos , and to make adjustments to the photos themselves . Most useful features for adjustments for my use are those that control white balance and exposure . This software meets 90 % of my needs for managing photos taken with my digital SLR camera . The reason that I rated Lightroom at 4 verses 5 stars is the software is expensive as compared to competitor products . IMHO the slick user interface and ease of use still make it the best value in this category of software . My comparisons with other like software were made using trial versions I downloaded to my computer .
 I havent had as much fun since setting up my first darkroom 30 years ago . This software is all you need to have a pro feel digital darkroom . -LRB- and more -RRB-
 We use this in our studio everday . We are professinal photographers and it 's easy to use . Awesome .
 well all i have to say is wow i was so inpress whit the demo that i had to buy the real thing this program kick but its much easy to use i still have not pick up tha manual yet and what is great you can do RAW files i was extremly happy about that i just got a new pentax camera and the RAW softwear that comes whit it dose not work on my labtop what so ever so i am so happy that i got lightroom 1.0
 As an amateur photographer , I was looking for something powerful at low cost . Lightroom definitely fit the requirement . However , I have little experience working with any other professional photography software so I do not have much else to compare it with.The interface it totally different than any other Adobe product . But what is wrong with that ? The Library module is breathtakingly fast and I do n't fear looking at hundreds of pictures at one time anymore . The Develop module is extremely precise but sometimes hard to navigate . I have n't used the Slideshow module much but what I have seen of it , I must say it does more than show pictures , it presents them . As for the Print and Web modules , I have yet to explore them . Yes , everything is fast , but you still have to have patience from time to time . Keywording is so easy both to assign and categorize ; child , parent , grandparent -LRB- etc. -RRB- is a great idea.Lightroom defeats Photoshop when it comes to picture processing because I am not trying to create or design anything . It is great for processing , organizing , adjusting , and touching up photos , but you are handicap if you do n't have any true editing software . I was quite disappointed with the dubbed down Clone/Heal tool . In CS2 you can use the clone tool for anything ; here it is very much restricted and only good for taking out -LRB- most -RRB- dust bunnies . I was hoping Lightroom was a little more powerful when it came to editing . Cropping and straightening is very interesting . You might say it is backwards . I am used to working in Bridge , so this difference is something I will have to get used to . Truthfully , I do n't like it even though it technically makes more sense.Another reason I did not make it a 5 star was because it is not that easy to remember what can be done in what module , view , window , etc. . It is almost on the verge of being too cluttered . Also I ca n't understand why they say you can change the interface background color ; white , gray , and black are the only options . I would be pleased if they had real colors . But that is only trivial.Overall , Lightroom is excellent software and definitely well-priced . Despite a few interface clashes , I ca n't say anything against it .
 An extremely useful tool for organizing and developing photos . While it takes a bit of time to comprehend how best to process photos using Lightroom , I 've found the following two books extremely helpful
 I purchased Adobe Lightroom 1.0 about a month ago . It has helped so much with my digital photography workflow . I shoot approx 600 + images at a typical wedding . With Adobe Lightroom 1.0 I have saved so much time behind the computer in pre-production . If you shoot lots of images , Lightroom is for you !
 A new Photoshop program , and another reason to rave . This new program does everything it say 's itdoes with excellent result 's ! It is fast - intuitive - precise . Somebody really did their homeworkwhen designing this program . It is now , for me , a pleasure to go through a large amount of photo 's ! Everything I need to do is fast & efficient . The learning curve was almost nothing.If I could give it '' 6 Stars '' I would.Paul Moll
 If you are an amateur or professional photographer and are looking for a great piece of software then look no further . Not only is lightroom cheaper than photoshop , but in my opinion its much more user friendly and easier for you to learn , yet offers many features . Whats great about lightroom is it was in beta stage for about 2 years and had many photographers from all over using the software and advising Adobe what worked and didnt work . I think with all the input Adobe was able to put together a product that works for anyone . I love the easy to use interface and how easy it is to enhance or fix photos that need it . I have about 5000 photos loaded and its always easy to find whatever photo Im looking for .
 This is an excellent digital photo management tool . Given that it 's just in version 1.0 this is already an outstanding product and can only get better with future releases and updates . I would n't recommend anybody who was thinking about it to wait - I 'd say go get it!The metadata and keywording aspects of the programme allow you to organise your photos in a standard fashion but in a way that is relevant to you and your work/life-style . The develop tools are intuitive and responsive and immediate -LRB- the sharpening tool needs looking at by Adobe though -RRB- and the real beauty is that you know that you are not affecting your original image in any way - it 's all done with xml attributes . There are still issues with regard to speed on Windows platform but these are known about at Adobe and are being dealt with -LRB- according to the user forums -RRB- . I bought a new DSLR and decided to try the trial version of LR , and was hooked immediately . A great product already and I look forward to the updates and new versions .
 The most awkward part of Adobe Photoshop Lightroom is the title ; why Adobe did n't just stick with `` Lightroom '' is a mystery . If you were expecting Adobe Photoshop , this is n't it ; instead , it is a specialized application tightly focused on the needs of a digital photographer . It is at once very similar to and quite distinct from Apple 's Aperture package , with the most obvious distinction being that Aperture is Mac-only and Lightroom is not . Both applications are superbly focused on digital photography and the often burdensome tasks of reviewing , rating , sorting , classifying , and adding meta tags to photographs . Each has its own strengths , and there is a good chance that many serious photographers will end up purchasing both . Highly recommended for photographers , and completely unnecessary for graphic artists .
 Installed the program after an issue with deleting all traces of the beta version ... Took a call to Adobe Tech Support and an issue with a file in the CS2/Legal directory that used a Viet font.Until these issues were satisfied , the Lightroom installer crashed on the splash screenInstallation complete . . Loaded my directory of image files . . Scans and Digital photos from misc cameras -LRB- Kodak , Canon -RRB- Got message that some files were not able to be imported for various reasons . . Some were too large , some were duplicates . . Found also that if two files -LRB- IMG_001.JPG and IMG_001 . TIF -RRB- were in the same directory , only the TIF would get imported . . Same applied to Canon . CR2 raw files along with associated . JPG . . Only the raw -LRB- CR2 -RRB- file got imported but it seems taht both are there but the 2nd one not shown as if you change the name of the . TIF or . CR2 file using the Lightroom Library browser , both the files in question got their names changed on my hard drive ... . Tech Support has been able to duplicate this bug on their machin so I guess a fix may be in the works ?
 We use lightroom in our photography business . Best to purchase some additional instructions as the manual is n't as detailed as it could be . Scott Kelby is a good one to start with .
 I am a professional photographer and tried out other photo editing products . This one really works . You do need a level of experience with software , but I found the manual very helpful . Great tool !
 This is truly an amazing piece of software . If you are serious about photography , then you need this program . I used the beta prior to the official release and I knew it was going to be a great product , but it 's even better now ! The commands are intuitive and powerful . It is very easy to post process your images and it is all done in a non-destructive way . I love this software . It 's a must buy !
 Adobe Photoshop Lightroom is excellent for digital Photographers who are mainly interested in working with a high volume of images and for those who are purest in their work . It is like being in a darkroom with your work and it goes back to the traditional way of working with photography.This product is for those who start out with a good image and do not need to turn their work into highly manipulated images .
 The only thing lightroom is missing is speed . My goodness it is slow , but it really has improved my workflow . If it was a little faster , I would have given it five stars . Being able to sync multiple images with a corrected one is one of the best features .
 I know this may have been just another way for Adobe to make more money , as they had many of these features in Photoshop that they have now migrated to Lightroom . But , honestly , Adobe makes great programs , and Lightroom is one of those `` got ta have it '' products . They 're not always as intuitive as they could be , but then again , Adobe makes professional tools that are arguably the best products on the market for media editing , creation , & development.I was in on the beta version of Lightroom , and once I tried it , there was no doubt I 'd buy it when it released . It was the piece I need most in my toolset
 This product helped out the work flow 10 fold . It made almost all my post corrections and enhancements faster . God bless batch processing . Now I ca n't say LT is better or worst than Apples 's Apeture , but for $ 199 and complete intergration with Photoshop - I could n't beat it .
 XP Pro cabled network + Vista wireless laptop woes.I recently bought a Toshiba Satellite laptop and thought it would be cool to actually use it with my home network . I broke out my wireless D-Link DI-624 router and was able to use my wireless laptop connection for oh ... 1/2 hour . And then I tried to secure the laptop connection and got lost in Vista-land -LRB- thanks Microsoft ! -RRB- . After some research online & investigating every setting on my laptop -LRB- eh - still did n't work -RRB- I finally wandered back to the D-Link site only to find that the DI-624 wireless router was no longer supported -LRB- ya think ? -RRB- . Out of desperation I finally broke down and stared at the Network Magic icon that reinstalling the D-Link cd had put on my desktop . A cautious initialization of the Network Magic software + booting up the laptop and BAM - the laptop is back online . Network Magic - I think I love you . 4 star rating due to incomplete exploration of features on my part & some lack of documentation with the demo of NM 4.1 . Note
 OK , so my network is only my Dell desktop which runs XP Pro and my new Toshiba laptop which runs VISTA Home Premium and an HP PSC 1610 `` all in one '' printer , and Norton Internet Security . I tried for over a week to make them play together on a wireless network -LRB- Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G Router -RRB- . No luck . Finally I bought Network Magic but wanted the latest version -LRB- 4.7.8 -RRB- so I downloaded it from their website . I just got the `` Essentials '' version for about $ 30 less a 20 % coupon that I found on the web.Within about 2 hours I was in business . Sharing printer , sharing files back and forth . And it prints out really slick diagrams . Between Network Magic and the Linksys `` Easylink Advisor '' there seem to be no more mysteries . EVERYTHING WORKS . BTW , I did have one question about the install , and they answered it very quickly via email . Easily worth FIVE STARS!Fred Moore , Herndon , VA
 This is the easiest and best way to network your computers . After going through all the hassle of microsoft windows , I finally wised up and bought this . It 's a must have for everyone who wants to network computers to share files . I love it !!
 Reader Rabbit 's 1st Grade is lively and entertaining , with a nice mix of grade-appropriate skill-building activities and just plain fun . My 7 year old daughter does enjoy this software.Although the skill-building portion of this program is n't as hefty as some other programs but this includes plenty to stimulate the young learner . Skills addressed include
 This software is enjoyable enough for a 10 year old not to know that he 's building reading skills while playing on the computer .
 I absolutely love this CD-Rom . I 've always had a problem learning spanish from a book . For one , I had no clue as to how most of the words were pronounced . With this item , you see the word and hear it spoken . The coolest part is you can record yourself saying the words , and it will play it back for you and grade you on how native you sounded . Plus you can have interactive conversations ! Also includes talking dictionary , cultural movies , internet lessons , progress checks , and much more . It 's worth the money , and better than any other teacher who 's tried to force feed this language down my throat . Move at your own pace and have fun learning for a change .
 I can not stop raving about this program -LRB- though I should note that I have the more recent version , Learn to Speak Spanish Deluxe , which has considerably more content -RRB- . This is my dream program , and I am a language teacher , so I know what to look for
 I am native Spanish Speaker , and I recommend the software . I bought it for my husband , and i really like it too . It runs ok in our computers .
 This software loaded properly and was enjoyable to use . It also comes with a book guide and CD . My 4 and 5 yr . old kids and I would listen to it during breakfast time and before you knew it they were speaking several phrases on their own . The software is very nice . One feature I enjoyed was getting to `` speak '' with Spanish speakers through an interactive video that included multiple choice answers.This program has many valuable features including recording and playing back your words . However , the guage that tells you how native you sound is a joke . You could completely say the wrong word in the wrong language , and it would still give you a good grade . Other than that , the program is fun and easy to use .
 Learn to Speak Spanish 8.1 I bought this program about 5 years ago , because I was going to start working in Mexico . This program was very good in helping me learn Spanish . When you first start the program it seems ok , but you might think that it does not have that much to offer . But after a few weeks of studying , you soon find out that this program has a lot of good stuff ! It has so many words , phrases , and videos ! I am very happy with it and I have since traveled all through out Central and South America and all the people are very impressed that I never took a spanish course in High School or College . If you want to learn Spanish , then this is the right program to get . I even bought my wife a copy so she could start learning , and she loves it ! I just wish that the same company that made this program could make programs for other languages like Farsi ! You will not be dis-appointed if you buy this .
 I loved this software , because it was n't short and simple . It keeps on teaching with many many lessons , whether you are a beginner or advanced . Great product as there are many out there .
 This product is set up perfectly . You are learning phrases by listening to them , seeing them written , picturing them with live action and cartoons . Your ability to speak with the correct accent is being evaluated all the time . There are games , crossword puzzles , and short films to keep you interested . I wish I had had this in highschool . More than worth the small asking price . Load this on your computer and you 'll get something out of it ... garaunteed .
 I used version 6 of Family Tree Maker that came with Family Tree Maker for Dummies . I liked it so much I bought version 11 . It came with the program CD and 4 additional CDs marketed to help you expand your family tree . The 4 extra CDs are n't worth the cost of producing them . At least not to the consumer . All the CDs do is list names that have been extracted from other data bases that it then refers you to . In other words , if a name appears on the social security death index , the CD lists the name and then tells you to go there for the information . A useless waste of time , and money . Every step along the way , Broderund uses every opportunity to steer the unsuspecting consumer toward purchasing even more CDs . The program is very good . Buy it without the extra CDs , and then do n't fall for the World Family Tree marketing lies . The program will prompt you to contribute to the World Family Tree , but then you have to `` subscribe '' to see what others have contributed , if anything . There are far too many free and legitimate sources of information to fall for the easy CD fix .
 I am very confused by all negative reviews of this product . I think this product is wonderful ! With the click of your mouse , you can create beautiful color reports & charts and store them in . pdf format . I emailed them out as Christmas gifts to my relatives and they were thrilled ! I was amazed at how easy it was to create professional looking reports with FTM.I should mention I originally purchased The Master Genealogist program because the customer reviews were better than Family Tree Maker - but found it to be very difficult to work with . After 3 months using TMG , I still could n't figure out how to make a decent report . Within 1 day of using the FTM , I had created a beautiful family tree book.I think the FTM is perfect for the amateur genealogist looking to quickly and easily create family charts , trees & reports.Also , I found entering data to be so much easier in FTM than TMG . I have been just thrilled with the product .
 The supplier sent this promptly and it arrived unscathed . I have n't had time to get into the software in much depth yet but there 's a lot offered for the money .
 First of all , the current version out on the shelves , Family Tree Maker 11 , as well as 10 , do not have 35 CDs . It has the number given in the manufacturer 's description above . I also have to add that these two recent editions do NOT have any ads within the program , nor do they tell you to update . This also must have been something else that occured in an earlier version.Now , I have to say that if you do most of your genealogy research via your PC you need to buy either Family Tree Maker Deluxe or Basic . I 'm not saying this to be cute . I 'm saying this because it comes with a reader that Genealogical.com uses for many of its CDs . Not only that , but if you publish your GEDcom on the web , FTM appears to have the most seamless process and translation of your GEDcom.I did n't start out with FTM , I started out with the Generations program , published by Sierra , bought out by Broderbund which is the same publisher of FTM , and not exactly the favored child . So , I felt I had to move on to FTM.You are going to have to spend some time learning the program . Luckily , the guide that comes with it is perfectly adequate and there is no need to buy the published book for it.Using the program , you will find the database well designed . When you add notes , though , you will find the interface a bit clunky . However , you 're not going to find a better program out there . After purchasing FTM 10 , I decided I would move on to the Master Genealogist , because I had heard it was more flexible regarding notes . It is , to a point , but it 's a very unpleasant program to use in comparison , and the reports you can generate with FTM are surprisingly better . FTM version 11 lets you save/export in PDF files more than ever , which is very helpful if you have family members who do not own any genealogical software.Now , this said , the charts that FTM generates are horrible . Chances are you will either have to fill out blank ones by hand , if you do n't want to spend an afternoon with the FTM printed pages , a tape dispenser and scissors . FTM does not even have a cascading pedigree chart , which will add to you spending a lot of time numbering what you do get out of it . Or you might have to buy a charting companion . My old Generations program has a great charting tool -LRB- Easy Tree -RRB- which I still use instead.As well , the family group sheets generated are n't very good . You can customize to have as little or as much information as you 'd like , but the actual layout of the sheets are not exactly innate for the eye . You will do better by using the program , publishing a GEDcom on the web , and printing off of the host site . Seriously.The timelines , are also not helpful . Not as many people use timelines , but they are necessary in doing serious detective work on a family or if you are going to put together a retrospective on an individual 's life.There are small extras that deserve mention , scrapbooks , which let you create a photo album , and/or slide show . -LRB- This is not a digital scrapbook , just the term they use for organizing photos by person . -RRB- I found it an adequate tool , but I would rather have the option of adding photos to group sheets , charts and reports instead.There are data CDs included in the package . Basically , they 're just a tool to get you on the web and researching , which is what you know to do already . They are superfluous.It should be noted that FTM is connected to genealogy.com , which has been bought out by ancestry.com . I do n't know how this will affect doing research via your FTM window in the future.On the Family Tree Maker web pages themselves . They 're very pleasant pages but are n't of much use to you until you have done quite a lot of specific research already . They 're not databases or photo albums , but places to display research plus a few photos and a brief introduction . Perfectly nice , but not what you might think you get . The good news is that the program walks you through creating your page and it turns out well.In any case , the obvious strengths of FTM are data entry , report generating , and web publishing . The weaknesses are charting and group sheet generating . You may or may not find it helpful as a research aid . So , this is not at all a five star product but it 's still the best you can buy .
 I came to this product reluctantly . I own The Master Genealogist -LRB- TMG , for short -RRB- . I bought it because it was supposed to be such a powerful program . Perhaps so , but I found navigating so frustrating that I figured I had nothing to loose by buying Family Tree Maker . Well , it was good decision . The program is pretty intuitive . I have been able to quickly enter data and produce useful reports . I would second the advice to get the stand-alone Family Tree program and skip buying the `` deluxe '' edition . A lot of those resources you can subscribe to online . Do n't waste your money on what you may never need . From my experience , the purchase of the core program will not be a waste of your money .
 I purchased the original software and have upgraded regularly and it is very easy to use and very easy to look up folk and combination etc.Would recommend to any family researcher that wants accurate and complete records . Options for information is endless and it will do books of your information for you with the data you have entered.bloody good software this ...
 You can not do serious genealogy with a good computer program to keep your facts and relatives organized and this is the best ... very intuitive use , many ways to store and withdraw your family information .
 I have used Family Tree Maker software for 10 years or so now . It is a very intuitive piece of software that has evolved over the years . Even if you are brand new to genealogy , you can get started with this product . Do n't count on the CDs to be your gold mine to your family history . If you are looking for your history , start asking questions of your family now . Start researching on www.rootsweb.com now . Be patient ... developing a tree can take a while unless its already documented somewhere.Do you really need the expensive collection package ? probably not ... but you can start recording little bits of info even with the basic package of FTM .
 This software ROCKS . I spent 20 years trying to find any evidence of my Gr-grGrandfather . I bought this software to help me maintain my files and I was able to find my lost ancestor with a Search . I now have charted close to 85 % of my Family since the arrival of the Original Emmigrant from France . I highly recommend this software to anyone .
 Very pleased with the Family Tree Maker Collectors Edition . By following the instructions , all of the input I had on a previous edition was automotatically transfered . Item was shipped promptly and received within just a few days of shipment .
 This is a awesome software that helps you with your family history . The collector 's edition has so much more information than the standard edition . I am extremlly impressed by this software . I highly recommend it to anyone looking to know more about their family tree .
 I highly recommend it to anyone looking to know more about their family tree.I bought this set & I love it . It was very helpful .
 My parents loved it ! They have been messing around with it constantly since we gave it as a gift ... I think we will all enjoy having this family history in the years to come !
 Family Tree Maker Version 16 StandardI am very pleased with the shipping time and the condition of the package upon receipt . I am also very pleased with the functions of the software . I would certainly strongly consider purchasing of other software from Amazon and also later updates to Family Tree Maker .
 Excellent product to record all the data regarding your family tree . So many features that make it worthwhile for the investment .
 Excellent !! This program allows for speedy contact to the web , searching for ancestors , making different kinds of family trees and for attaching findings to specific individuals . I recommend very highly !
 The product was everything that I had hoped it would be and the seller had the item to me even before I had expected it ! Would definitely purchase again !
 Just what I needed to begin my research . The weblink application in impressive with the amount of information it returns in response to a query . It 's easy to learn and use .
 I have just started using the program so I have not tried any of the more advanced features . It is simple enough to learn to use the product and I think it will be easy enough to learn more about it as I go . I am not very knowledgable about genealogy so it is really a good guide for me . I was pleasently surprised at how user friendly it was getting started.Gary Mc
 It 's too bad that Family Tree Maker has changed hands so frequently that the new management teams feel compelled to `` dum '' down the users . FTM 16 was the pinnacle and they went down hill from there . Why `` upgrade '' with real `` downgrades '' ? Change should contain improvements not change just for the convenience of company management who is constantly watching the bottom line or is just not familiar with the needs of the consumer . They obviously lost a tremendous amount of market share . My suggestion to FTM is to hire technical people who know genealogy and let them develop the best possible product starting with the FTM 16 platform .
 I love this version of FTM . I have had the item before but had misplaced the disk and so had ordered another .
 This was the best version Family Tree Maker released . The versions that have been released afterwards were completely redesigned from scratch with many previous features removed , many bugs and lots of subsequesnt patches/upgrades . I bought this as a replacement to my original CD which was lost . I also have the newer versions but still only use this version for all my work on my tree .
 Works well thus far , will do more work with it this winter , so really difficult to tell right now .
 I 've used Family Tree Maker for years , and been very happy with it . I upgraded to version 16 Delux Edition after reading some negative reviews of the 2008 edition . I 've never had a corrupted file in all the years I 've been using it , so maybe the reviewer that complained of that has other software that causes this , or a different operating system -LRB- I 'm using it on XP -RRB- . Jerry
 I have a family tree that includes more than 14,000 people from the two sides of my husband and my families . I would n't trust their information to anyone except Family Tree Maker . I 've been using them for years . I tried one of the cheaper ones and I got what I paid for , lost information.I had a computer virus once and sent my disk to Family Tree Maker and they were able to recover more than 95 % of the information I thought had been lost forever.I have a great family tree thanks to the makers of Family Tree Maker !
 FTM is the most user-friendly genealogy program . It 's easy to learn and data can be quickly converted for sharing files , and creating your own family record book . I 'd rather have had some of their family tree disks as a bonus rather than the sub to Ancestry , since so many genealogists are already members , but this was a great upgrade from my old program.This is THE program to buy if you 're just getting started in genealogy . It 'll get you started with entering data immediately , and the DVD has great info on how to research your ancestors . The program will create your choice of several different styles of family trees , genealogy reports , family group sheets , kinship reports , and even create a publishable family history book with the click of the mouse . Highly recommend
 I have had the much earlier version of FTM , version 3 or 4 and loved the product then . I am very glad that I purchased this version of FTM . I have researched quite a bit of family history through the online resources and -LSB- ... -RSB- . What my mother started years ago on sheets of paper is now being transformed into what will be an interesting and informative history for both sides of my family . One of the things I am finding quite intersting is some of the ` double ' relationships ! It is so easy to see this on the graphs . Thank you , FTM , for an awesome product !
 I gave this to my mom for mother 's day , and she could n't have been happier ! The program works great , and was easy for her to figure out without reading a whole lot . The 6 month ancestry.com subscription makes this a money saver too ! That costs about 180 $ all by itself ! The only downside is that once you start the subscription you have to keep working at your tree to get it done within the 6 months , because most people are n't going to want to spend that much on it , and would rather goto a local library to use it !
 I updated and old version and was told to get version 16 , not a later version because of problems with them . I really like the program and enhancements made to it from my earlier version . It 's a good product .
 This is my third -LRB- 3rd -RRB- Family Tree Maker product . I have used them for several years . I now have in excess of 2,000 names in my data base . I found the new version a seamless conversion from my old version . This is one of the few software products -LSB- of any kind -RSB- that did n't disappoint me.I am still discovering many powerful tools -LSB- by accident , as I 'm 72 years old and I do n't do well with instructions -RSB- that enhance family histories . I can recommend this product without any reservation to anyone .
 The family tree software seems to work fine . The files from a previous version were changed over automaticly and without incident . There was some difference in operating methods , but painless . I am very happy with the product . I have not yet determined if I can change the files from the LDS program to the Family Tree Maker format .
 The product is easy to use and stores input for quick retrival . I 'm still learning what all it can do .
 I received the item on time and installation went with no problems . Configuration of modules was mostly accepting the defaults . Easy ! Has been running with no problems . Excellent product . A good purchase choice on my part .
 This item was shipped quickly and performs as advertised . Well worth the expense .
 I have relied on Norton for many years and some slowdown in download sped may have been affected , it still beats having your system compromised . Hav n't had any real huge issues
 I 've been buying each edition since 2003 and I ca n't sing their praises highly enough . They keep my computer working so fast . Sure , you can defrag with Windows , but with System Works you can also optimize . And the WinDoctor and Disk Doctor have gotten me out of so many problems , I ca n't even count . This software package is a God-send ! You should seriously consider installing both it and Norton Internet Security 2006 for optimum preformance and protection !
 I was able to try the software at a friend 's house a few years ago and enjoyed the Petey the Parrot feature that pronounced Latin nomenclature . User friendly . There are good searching and cross-referencing features . The library of species is more extensive than any book I 've seen . I like that there is geographic distribution data , population information and song files . It is so much easier to listen to a song file than read `` two wee '' in a field guide and get the same effect of information . This software helps with research presentations . The quizzes are great too . I like that the photos available for each species carry mulitple view whenever possible . I think in the absence of photos , drawings could have been included to cover the gap , especially since females are usually the gap and comprise 50 % of the species population , so this is important information . So far that is the only short-coming I have noticed .
 As the previous review noted , the software is user-friendly . She also makes a good point about possibly using diagrams where there are gaps in the photos . Although I am generally happy with the photos available , there are some species that could use more/better photos.I have Version 3.5 . I really appreciate having the Birder 's Handbook available on the CR-Rom ; I 've used it on multiple occasions . My main qualm with the software is that the audio selection is limited . It plays only the song for songbirds -LRB- not calls -RRB- and the recordings are fairly short . I still highly recomend this product , but would also recommend purchasing one or both of the Stokes CDs to get a more complete audio recording of the various songs and calls for each species . On the upside , I love the quizz options and have been creating my own quizzes to improve my identification skills!The software is updateable through the internet . Also , if you are trying to decide between this one and the Birds of My Region CD-Rom , I highly recommend investing the extra money and getting this one -LRB- unless you never plan on leaving your region -RRB- since it is applicable across the continent and includes the Birder 's Handbook . Really , it 's not that much more money .
 I am fairly happy with this program . I had a Peterson 's program that I had used for years , but it was not compatible with XP or Vista . There were some things available in that program that are not in this one - like an easy to use life list , but the Peterson program is no longer available . Overall the program is easy to use and the bird id 's are concise with pictures and vocalizations .
 My wife is an amateur birder . She previously used the Audubon software on a Windows PC for identifying birds and documenting her sightings . This program is better organized and , she thinks , more full featured . It was easy to install on our XP operating system and operates smoothly -LRB- I do n't know about the Vista environment -RRB- and she says that it is fun to use with lots of interesting information .
 As with all of the Reader Rabbit titles , this one has excellent education activities and an engaging storyline . My daughter loves it . Parents should be aware , however , that this title requires more advanced mouse skills that other software for this age group
 The questions I ponder when I buy a computer game are
 This software immediately caught my 4 year old 's attention . The animation is great , and Reader Rabbit even addresses your child by their name -LRB- which you supply the program -RRB- . Many wonderful games for children to learn sequencing , matching , similarities & differences , and many more things . A second disk is even included that allows you to print helpful worksheets so that you may work away from the computer.This software is money well spent .
 Pleny of activities to keep my almost 5 year old busy . He likes the activities , I like the different levels of difficulty .
 My daughter received Thinking Adventures on Saturday afternoon and we installed it shortly thereafter . For the next three days she spent at least three hours at a time finding the various party items . The program is one of the best I have seen for children . It takes something special to keep a 5 year old glued to a computer for that amount of time and you 've found it !! Thanks !
 Reader Rabbit 's Thinking Adventures for ages 4 - 6 has been a hit with my two -LRB- very active -RRB- boys . They enjoy each `` game '' that is used to get ready for Sam 's birthday party . They have fun without realizing that they are learning patterning , sequencing , sorting and a lot more ...
 My 4.5 year old was intimidated by a lot of the activities but he really wanted to get to the birthday party so he kept at it , much to my surprise . The games are very educational and quite difficult . A parent 's guidance is definitely needed for at least the first few repetitions of each activity.I thought that the payoff came after too many repetitions , though . You have to do all 6 activities , 24 times each to get to the birthday party . It took us weeks of playing to finish . Many kids would give up long before then . When we finally got to the birthday party , I found it to be extremely anti-climactic , although my son did n't seem to think so . Also , I could n't believe the incredible progress he had made by the end of the game .
 I think I have every software title for babies & toddlers out there ! This one is my 2nd favorite -LRB- right after Baby Wow -RRB- . It is very interactive and has different levels for babies / toddlers , and pre-schoolers . Babies/toddlers can simply bang on the keys to make things happen , while pre-schoolers can interact more sophisticatedly through the mouse . Good graphics & sounds and many of the games have several different versions .
 My 2 year old daughter got a new computer for Christmas . She was a bit reserved about working on it . Little Bear is her favorite character so that is why I chose it . It allows her to be successful even though she doesnt always click on the correct answer . The activities are easy enough for her yet challenging enough to keep her interest . The character voices are the exact same ones from the television show ; which she loves and they will say the child 's name throughout the games which always makes her happy . There are printouts too . I especially love this particular game because she can place the mouse 's icon on something and within 3 seconds it will make something happen ; so she doesnt have to click on it as she still hasnt mastered that hand eye coordiate yet . Super purchase and very happy with the product .
 I have used Ghost since it was PowerQuest Drive Image 7 . Ghost 10 adds several features
 Ever lose your hard drive and have to rebuild from scratch ? Then you know the hassles and lost data . A recent backup with easy to use Norton Ghost and you 're back in business with minimal lost time and data .
 This is a great product and a must have for those who do n't want to have to reload everything on their computer following the inevitable hard drive failure .
 I have used Ghost for years and will not be changing anytime soon . Great product .
 PowerDVD is still a very useful piece of software . I had several DVDs that would not play on my computer . They will play with PowerDVD . Of course , I realize this was very likely due to missing codecs the computer needed , but they still played after installation . I would recommend this software .
 From the other review , I do n't think he knows what he was talking about . I am using this product to create movie and all they ask is to register . They did n't ask more for the money . Maybe he is using the regular version . My is ultra . I use both Pinnacle and Power Director DVD . Power Director uses less resources of your computer . It offer more transitions , title , pip , and 5.1 dolby . With Pinancle you will have to buy to unlock the feature . It works with your new format AVCHD . You can burn to regular DVD with standard format , you can burn to regular DVD with AVCHD format , or you can burn to Bluray Disc .
 This software is really excellent to play my DVD movies and tv shows with . I 'm really glad I bought it and it works perfectly .
 I have been very disappointed in Reel Logix customer service . I recently upgraded to Windows 7 and needed a new download to continue using this product , and in two weeks have gotten only automated replies from this company . The product has enough bugs - like print view not matching what actually comes through the printer , and inconsistancies with editing recurring events . Without responsive customer service , I see no reason to purchase this product.The Calendar Planner -- Basic EditionAfter several weeks , I have finally received attention from Reel Logix , with an explanation that they were having problems with their e-mail filter . Problem has been resolved to my satisfaction . I have received 3 downloads of the newest version at no additional price . I therefore revise my review .
 I like how it 's simple , clean , and easy to use . But it 's way too expensive for a basic calendar software .
 Before i wanted to buy NetObjects i had installed the trial version to see if it would work with Windows XP . Well sofare i have not had any problems . I have been using MS Windows Front Page 2002 and found that NetObjects is a much better software . I look forward to using it . I would rate this top of the line .
 I 've had the opportunity to try a lot of different software . I 've used ` Hot Dog ' which I thought was a little clumsy , I 've used ` Page Mill ' which was so so . I 've used Allaire ` Homesite ` which typically snubbed the WYSIWYG editors . They call their WYSIWYG What you see is what you need . WYSIWYN . Good Hype . Macromedia is a nice product if you want to lay out $ 300 . Microsoft Front Page is pretty good . Netobjects offers a lot of features and function for the price . When you set it up for cross browser compatability , it really does work . A lot of auto set up of Dynamic HTML is a great feature and again it works in all browsers . It 's reasonably easy to use , they have a good creation wizard for the faint of heart . The only thing that kept me from giving this a 5 star is the added baggage in the HTML . When you publish the site , trying to do an update by going into the html is really tough . Overall I think this is a good program , it does the job , it 's reasonably priced and fairly easy to use . Well worth the money , I would buy it again .
 Fast , easy and efficient , this is a sure winner for most people who do not make web sites for a living.If you just want a pretty , well laid out and functional site and do not want to spend lot 's of time learning a complex web authoring tool NOF can not be beat by anything out there.I can do it all from html directly in notepad to Macromedia Studio , but I just love the speed with which I can develop , set up and publish a site with NOF . Three years ago I did a small but quite nice site in only 24 hours - and it 's still up -LRB- ! -RRB- . NOF has it 's limitations . You can make a site look like millions - but do not expect to be able to publish advanced and interactive content with ease . Here NOF quickly runs into trouble and you may as well grit your teeth for another more advanced package . But than again - if you want to splash Flash all over your site - then why even think of anything else than the original Macromedia package?So , if you believe content is everything -LRB- and that 's pretty much the case everywhere -RRB- NOF will allow you present your message very efficiently - so you can concentrate on your real work and expertise.And by the way - do n't forget that Fusion 7 is just out now .
 This is the absolute best software for building complex websites . There is no substitute for software of this quality .
 I read about this product on zdnet and decided from the reviews that it was the best bang for the buck . I purchased it from Amazon based on what I have read , and I have not been disappointed . Almost anyone can create a web page and have it ready to put on the web in no time at all . There are advanced features that allow the user to grow as well.The only problem I 've seen with this product relates to publishing it for upload to the web . For example , changing text on a page also changes the file names for buttons . The effect of this is that every time the page is updated almost all of the files associated with the page have to be re-uploaded . This is no problem at all for someone with FTP access to a hosting server , but for people who are using something like geocities it creates a problem . Since with geocities , and others like it , uploads are taken file by file and can only be done with up to 20 files at a time . The result is that updates to a page within Netobjects may cause the user to spend a ton of time deleting and uploading files to the web.If you want to create attractive web pages with no programming experience and do n't mind spending a little more time uploading all of the files needed to the web , this product is for you .
 This is a great application for creating a comprehensive , sharp and polished website . It is an almost complete WYSIWYG , drag and drop Site Designer . All pages under a site made with NetObjects Fusion MX must be managed with NetObjects Fusion . You ca n't really go in and edit the HTML by hand . There are too many tags and too many remarks and comments added to the html and the format looks like garbage in a regular editor . But that is a minor quibble , because there really is no reason to edit by hand in most cases . Troubleshooting HTML might be difficult or impossible with a site designed with this app , though .
 Did -LRB- NOT -RRB- receive this item yet . Please check shipping schedule . No confirmation of purchase was received at my e-mail . Thank you Ken Feinstein -LRB- 3/16/02 -RRB-
 This is the closest thing to magic that you 'll find . Wave a mouse - there 's a web site structure . Wave it again , there 's a page . The manual says it will take 10 minutes to set up a site . I have managed it in three . The product is so good that I have been with it for three versions , and buy it for all my clients.Fusion 's great strength lies in two main areas - firstly the construction of the site is as simple as ABC . Pages can be copied or moved around at will , and structures altered , and the program recreates all the links and navigation bars on the fly . You do n't ever have to worry that stuff will be out of date . Secondly , and very importantly for designers , you can make just a few simple buttons , and the program will * automatically * create unlimited rollover buttons for you . No fuss . No coding . Change your mind about the labels as many times as you want - it all updates instantly and without your having to worry . If all this was n't enough , NetObjects Fusion supports database connectivity , all the latest e technologies , and writes some of the smallest , cleanest and most cross-browser compatible code in the business.Don ' t be fooled by the price - this product gives Dreamweaver a run for its money . All included is a great set of support newsgroups , an online Knowledgebase , and the capability to extend the functionality in a kazillion ways , using third party components -LRB- yes ! like Dreamweaver extensions do ! -RRB- It 's worth many times the price on the box . If you are a small or medium sized business , or a professional designer , you need this product . It makes web design totally pleasurable .
 I have been using this product for 3 years now and I think that it is the best on the market still -LRB- I have tried most of them -RRB- . In fact , I thought that it was worth it 's price back when I paid $ 299.00 for version 3 ! I ca n't believe that the price is now so low when it is such a great , professional product . You can make a very professional looking website in no time at all and it can be as advanced or as simple as you want it to be . From a web site wizard for beginners to editing your own html for the more advanced . Drag and drop your images where you want them , email forms , random images ... You will not regret the investment if you are serious about being a web designer or just wanting your only web site to be taken more seriously .
 After playing around with Microsoft 's Front Page and looking at many other options , I tried NetObjects Fusion MX and have been blown away by how easy it was to create a professional , highly functional Web site without having HTML knowledge/experience nor being a programmer nor a Web designer.When I bought this program a month ago , I 'd not had any HTML training or experience . I 'm not a designer or graphic artist . And I 'm not a programmer/techie . I 'm a former corporate exec who recently started my own business and am working with a limited budget for the first time , so I decided to pull together my company 's initial Web site on my own.In just a couple of days of working with NetObjects Fusion , I produced what could be arguably called a decent Web site , with virtually no problems or challenges . It really was as easy as the promotional literature claims.I used one of the styles that comes packaged with the software , inserted text , pictures and pages with simple dragging and dropping and ended up with a great site . I could customize the look/feel extensively using commands similar to Microsoft Word , not having to insert HTML tags . I even doubted that it would be easy to actually get the stuff I created `` pushed '' to the Web , but was pleasantly surprised when it worked beautifully on my first try , in only a minute and with only two clicks of the mouse.One of the coolest features is the tightly integrated `` components '' available from third-party vendors . I 've now used several of them to add a response form that sends an immediate response back to the submitter , a customer registration form that not only sends a response but also stores the data in an Excel file for me to download and import into my customer database , a form that enables a user to browse their computer and choose a file to send to me , pop-up windows , a scrolling window within the page for a user agreement and more.As I 've played around and bought an HTML reference book , I also found it easy to add more tricky things like HTML code inserted in my page for a newsletter sign up form and a `` refer a friend '' feature . A buddy who is a hard-core programmer tells me that the code generated by the program adds stuff that is n't necessary , but for me that has n't caused any challenges or problems since I 'm not a programmer and the resulting site is great . I have n't found anything not to like about this package and have been amazingly productive with it.Because I had the benefit of playing with Front Page first , I can honestly say that if you 're like me -- a non-programmer , non-designer needing to build a professional , highly functional Web site quickly -- THIS is the much better choice of program . And I have a powerful site , with real customers visiting and interacting everyday ...
 After working with several other tools ... I became frustrated with how long it took to get a web site put together , and how hard it was to maintain the site when changes were needed . That 's when I tried NetObjects Fusion version 3 , and I have kept with the current version ever since.I am not aware of another tool that uses database technology to manage and then assemble the elements of a site like Fusion does . Features like site styles , page master borders , automatic site navigation , and external link management make this a truly time-saving tool . Changing the entire look and feel of a site is a matter of a few mouse clicks . Rearranging pages in the site structure is drag and drop . If another web site you link to changes addresses , you only update that address in one place -LRB- Asset view -RRB- no matter how many pages in the site use that link.This is not to say there are no problems with NetObjects Fusion
 NetObjects Fusion MX is a big improvement on the previous version 5 . Although it may not add too many features , it has fixed a lot of the bugs that existed in version 5 . Fusion MX is the kind of tool that a beginner could use , and build pages almost instantly . With drag and drop ease , and the ability to position objects on the page quite accurately . Although this does have drawbacks . The most major of which is large HTML files . Other problems with Fusion include some incompatibility with Netscape 4 , and some minor problems with Netscape 6 . Fusion also gives users the ability to create pages that fit to the browser width . This is achieved by using a text box set to fill the entire page . Sadly , this also has it 's limitations . For example , if you want to make a page using this method that looks like Amazon 's , you would place a table on the left , centre and right . However , this is sadly impossible in Fusion MX -LRB- A similar problem existed in version 5 -RRB- . The only way that would really be possible is by creating one big table , and putting all that stuff into it . That would keep the content together . But even that solutions create new problems.Professional web designers may feel frustrated by the inability to directly access and edit the HTML source.Fusion 's strength lies in it 's ability to create professional looking web pages , in minimal time . Beginners do not need to code any HTML , or do anything apart from design and maintain the page . Although it does take some time to learn all the tricks that can be used with Fusion , once you do , it should become a little easier to improve compatibility.Basically , do n't get Fusion expecting to create websites like Amazon or C | Net . You can make one that looks a little like those websites , but you will inevitably run into limitations that will stop you . Websites like those are probably only achievable through Dreamweaver , which is what you should be looking at if you want total control over the HTML source and other technical aspects of the site . But if all you want is to create a small business website , personal website , or other type of small websites quickly and with minimum fuss , NetObjects Fusion MX wins . If you want to create a website that has maximum compatibility with different browsers , lean HTML code and complex content with maximum control over most technical aspects of the website , go for Dreamweaver .
 I have been using Net Objects Fusion , first the 5.0 and now MX to make websits for the last year . I do n't find the pages slow to load at all . I made 11 websites that are all up for the Philippine Web Awards this 2001 . It 's easy and fun to use and I can not say enough about this product . I have tried Dreamwever , FrontPage among many other software packages to develop websites , and for someone who does n't want to bother learning HTML , this is great!Diana Pollard ...
 If you 're looking for a program that focuses upon the small business/professional/non-profit user who is not a programmer , but wants to build sophisticated sites , then this program is for you . I can assure you that you will find that you can build a complex site about four times faster than Dreamweaver 4 . I recommend it to everyone !
 I start to learn HTML since HTML 2.0 , and it makes me to be very familiar with HTML coding . Till now , I 've experienced many tools including Notepad , Vi -LRB- Unix 's editor , like window 's Notepad -RRB- , CMed , HotDog , Homesite , Netscape 's composer , Frontpage , Dream weaver.My first experience with NetObject starting from NetObject 4.0 , then , I was impressive how productivity it is , although it 's still not perfect at that time . I feel satisfied & comfortable with this kind of WYSIWYG tools since the NetObjects MX was born.For NetObjects MX , I would like to share my opinions here ,1 . NetObjects MX is not only the best tool for beginners , also inlcuding sophisticated guys . If you assume it is designed for beginners only , you are wrong.NetObjects MX provide many flexible ways to access your HTML coding . If you do know what is HTML , and you are willing to spend time to learn NetObjects MX , you 'll find there is no `` limitation '' .2 . Yes , NetObjects produces large HTML files , however it wo n't sacrifice website download speed too much . The real problem to slow down your website download speed mostly come from the large graphics & multimedia files .3 . Compared with Frontpage & Dreamweaver , NetObjects provides a effective way to increase your productivity with much lower cost.So , I have to say `` thank you '' to NetObjects , which is a ideal tool . and it 's so happy to hear NetObjects Phoenix is coming soon .
 NetObject Fusion -LRB- NOF -RRB- is a hugely productive tool in my arsenal . While the focus of a review might be all the great features in the software -- and there are so many , I would focus on what it has done for me.I 've used NOF since version 3.0 after trying everything else out there , including DreamWeaver . NOF was simply the tool I needed to get the job done fast and make it look great . In fact , you can buy the program , and have a professional site in only minutes -- if you type fast -- using their templates.As I 've progressed through my career , I 've relied on tools to give my work a really professional touch
 I 've been using NetObjects 5.0 for the past year , and wanted to purchase a web authoring program for home use . When NetObjects MX came , I was initially disappointed . All of the wonderful styles were missing that I 'd been using with 5.0 . Well , some were there , but not all . As soon as I figured out that the 5.0 styles -LRB- and more new ones -RRB- could be downloaded from the company 's site , I was content.This program is easy to use , and is compatible with all browsers -LRB- unlike Netscape Composer which might be free , but has bug problems for those who use MS Explorer as a browser . The Help section of the program , along with online advisors makes this a great program for beginner and professional alike .
 It is true that you ca n't import data from an already existing database , such as one from Access , but the tools it has to make its own are good enough.Some tips
 I brought this item a copule of months ago and I can not seem to live without it . One of the special features that I truly love is the `` what if '' scenarios in which that figures your grade when you tally all of the homework , quizzes , exams , etc.It does take work on the users part getting all of the info on the system ; but I figure you only have to do that just once a semester and mostly every day in regards to assignments and reminders for exams and essays . It is well worh the price for such a useful tool .
 This program is one of the best PDA one of the best programs a student could want ! It has all sorts of functions in it such as a GPA calculator , a Grade finder , a planner , everything ! It is truly invaluable to a student . I highly recommend it !
 This program help me do good in school and keep track of my classes and homework .
 If you 're looking for an easy software package that lets you play for a few hours on a Saturday afternoon and get quick gratification , then this definitely is n't for you . Rent a video game , turn on the TV , or go plant some bushes.If you want a very sophisticated architectural design package that a layman can learn to use without being a math wizard , then take the time to learn how to use this product . From what I 've seen , it 's the most advanced on the market . It is awesome ! But you have to take the time to go through the Help Tutorial or you wo n't know what the tools are , or where to find them.I 've been writing instructional materials for software systems for fifteen years . My opinion is that the Master Landscape and Home Design application is an incredible piece of programming . You should just about be able to do anything you want with this software , and all the background you need is basic carpentry and basic cipherin ' . Sure there are design tweaks that would make it easier to use , but I would assume if the company wants to stay on top of this niche in the market and make the product better in the future , then they 'll continue to upgrade it as time goes on.Congratulations to the design team . This is a very slick product for the backyard builder .
 First off , I would comment that if your computer is not current you may be more frustrated than anything else . I am running an AMD Athlon 1600 + , 512MB of 266DDR RAM , and just bought a new 3D video card -LRB- MSI GeForce 440MX 128MB DDR -RRB- specifically for this application . I am amazed at how fast the 3D rendering is processed and how easily I can build a basic house.The one point I am having some trouble with is in using the landscape elevation tool . -LRB- I have n't looked at the manual yet other than for the initial installation . -RRB- I have tried other 3D CAD programs on an older system with a basic video card and the experience was dreadful ! I believe that with a little more practice and even looking to the manual I will be able to do most anything within the products limits ...
 In an attempt to visualize deck designs on my existing house , I tried two other programs -LRB- that were both weak -RRB- before stepping up to try this one . Yes , it is more expensive . But Punch software does n't crash like other programs , and is much more flexible for things like deck designs and incorporating photos of existing structures .
 I have read the other reviews on this product and have been wondering why this product received such bad ratings . The only constant is that none of the reviewers seem to be happy with any home design programs . That 's probably because these programs require lots of hard work and tedious hours to get the results you are looking for . I too have used many other home design programs . And if you are looking for one that is simple , you will certainly not get the results you are looking for.With that said , let me state that this program is the ONLY home design program that allowed me to build my existing house to almost perfect specification . The rendering is excellent and the features are undeniably some of the best on the market . It comes with many pre-defined objects , but those that are not included can be custom-built using the included 3D workshop tool . Again , this is not easy to use , but it is very powerful . It took me many hours to recreate my home , some of them frustrating . But , in the end , I was able to recreate my house perfectly , and landscape around it with ease . No other program -LRB- Broderbund , Sierra , etc. -RRB- has yet allowed me to do that.For those of you who do decide to buy this package , you may find the following tips useful : - This package does not do interior design . Check out the Punch ! website for information on exactly what this and their other packages include.-To my surprise , chainlink fences are not included . This is a drawback.-Snap features are not great if you are drawing your house on an angle . It is best to draw your home vertically or horizontally and rotate the entire design once it is complete.-Download the latest update from the Punch ! website . It adds a plant finder by name , a wall break tool , and a few other nifty add-ons . - Plants are difficult to find . Keep a nature guide handy so you can better identify your landscape objects.-Be sure your monitor is set to 24-bit color or higher . Rendering problems will occur at lower color depths -LRB- this probably explains some of the negative reviews -RRB- . - Objects are difficult to select if they are stacked on top of one another . Try moving objects -LRB- temporarily -RRB- to other plans -LRB- roofing , landscape , etc. -RRB- and then moving them back once you have selected the item below it.-Designing the exterior of your home is the hardest part of the process . Be patient and take your time with this step . Once it is complete , the landscaping is a breeze.-Above all , HAVE FUN !
 I read the reviews and saw that while most reviews were negative , a few loved it . How could that be ? So I bought it thinking it might just take some effort and should be ok . My gamble paid off , it really is very nice!Be sure to go to the product website at ... . and pick up the latest patch , it fixes problems and adds features . Some complained about not being able to search for a plant by name , the patch includes `` search by plant name '' to address it . That website also contains an online user forum with plenty of good information . Next check out the Punch ! Alternatives website . It contains great user objects , resources and information to make the most of the product.I 've been using a floorplan trace and have reproduced my home exactly . The walk around is beautiful . There 's a Photoview feature that some may find useful . I thought I 'd use it before I bought it , but it proved unecessary because the regular design looked good enough.If you expect to load it on your computer and have a design in an hour or two , you 'll be disapointed . If you go in willing to invest some time , you 'll love it .
 I just moved in a new house and was looking for a landscape design program . I have used many other landscape design products and this is one of the best ; I do have professional experience with various drafting software . I had no problems using the interface ; it is intuitive and easy to use . The final image on the 3d rendered version of your plan is of good quality , good enough to get a good idea the end result . It does not show the seasonal changes of your selected plants , but it does have a plant age slider which shows the plants in your garden growing to it 's full height , which is excellent for planting trees . It is a fun program to use . Keep in mind that it is not a professional CAD -LRB- Computer Aided Design -RRB- program , but it is designed for ease of use , as easy as a drafting program can get . Just keep in mind that all the fancy features other programs offer is no good if you can not use the program due to a large learning curve or bad interface .
 I was a bit worried about purchasing this product based on many of the other customers reviews but because I wanted a relatively powerful program , and there were few others available , I went ahead and purchased it . I definitely was not disappointed . It 's a great program for laying out what you want to do . I have a brand new house and no yard -- this program allows you to visualize , both in drawing and 3D , everything from water features to patios to your actual house . I love the floorplan trace feature which allowed me to reproduce my house 's exact floorplan and using textures , windows , and doors , I was able to reproduce my house pretty closely and to scale.The other customers ' complaints regarding the planting feature are very valid . There is no way to preview what you are planting and you must place it in your drawing and then go through a menu to figure out what plant it is . This is definitely very annoying and this program is n't good for those who just want to strictly plant.Aside from the planting drawback , I generally recommend the program . The program 's ability to print in both design and 3D mode is also a great feature . The program is pretty easy to learn for those familiar with windows based software and/or other design programs . I wish it had come with a tutorial but the manual is pretty useful . Just from occasionally referring to the manual and playing with it , I was able to learn it in one day .
 This is a great CAD product for the price , if only I could get it to run in NT4 or Win 2000 . Worked great in Win95 ; lots of features , moderately easy to learn menus , fast even on old hardware . But the ad description says for NT4 , however , I was unable to make it run on three different machines in NT4 and two other machines in Win 2000 . Too bad , because I thought it was a great buy with so much utility at a very low price . Seller was fast to deliver-no problems with the transaction .
 This is a very nice program for at home use . I would recommend it !
 This is not an integrated package , but a value bundle of ten of ProVenture 's products -LRB- Business Cards , Brochures , Stationery , Postcards , Web Page Designer , Mail List , Label Maker , Invoices & Estimates , Database and Business Legal Forms -RRB- . None of the programs are best in class , nor are they especially suitable for heavy professional use . However , for occasional use -LRB- i.e. , running off labels or making a batch of business cards for a small business owner -RRB- , this collection is more than adequate and represents a cost-effective bargain.As someone who infrequently makes labels and brochures , and runs off a batch of business cards about every three months , I found this collection to be a time saver -LRB- over performing these tasks by hand -RRB- , and a money saver -LRB- since most of my printing runs are too small to get a good deal from a printer -RRB- . If your situation reflects mine then this pack is a worthwhile investment . It you plan on using any or all of the applications on a daily basis you 'll be better off selecting more professional packages .
 To use this you must already have Fritz 13 installed on your computer . The 9 DVDs install painlessly-a long but worthwhile process . Once installed they are seamlessly integrated into your Fritz 13 program . They increase the endgame playing strength of your program enormously . Not only the endgame
 In a search for some way to edit my tapes , records and discs , I have tried several products . I finally stubled onto Sound Forge 4.5 . When Sound Forge 5.0 came out , I jumped on it . Sound Forge is easy to use and will do much more than I expected using only a computer . Help is excellent and the program is easy to use . It also has an excellent ` undo ' capability . Unless you want to go into professional recording , Sonic Forge will serve you well .
 I have been using Sound Forge since about version 3 . New versions do n't come out very often , but they are usually worthwhile . The latest version of Sound Forge has the Batch Converter , Acoustic Mirror and Effects Processors included . These were optional extras with the previous versions . So the only extra I needed to buy was Noise Reduction - a plug-in that I use fairly frequently.There are many digital audio editing programs on the market , but I find that Sound Forge does nearly every thing I need , and I have never been tempted to look elsewhere . Sound Forge has a sizeble set of processes , tools and effects built-in , and recognizes Direct-X plug-ins from other manufacturers . Apart from that , you can convert nearly any known digital audio format to nearly any other.My interest is computer music , and I use Sound Forge for recording and manipulating sounds . I use Sonic Foundry 's Vegas Audio for mixing . Sound Forge is stable , fast , and well equiped . My only small critisism is that extracting sound from CDs and creating CDs could have been a bit more user-friendly .
 Sound Forge continues with 5.0 to be THE choice for 2 channel mixing . Sonic Foundry , God bless them , took a great program -LRB- Sound Forge 4.5 -RRB- and retooled it into a perfect program . Now included are Acoustic Mirror & XFX 1-3 . If you 're mixing to CD , video , etc. , then you need Sound Forge . Period .
 I just got this program a few days ago ; so I am still in the process of becoming familiar with it . At this point I really like what I see . It seems to be quite intuitive . I was initially concerned that the process of learning to use it with facility might be intimidating and frustrating . But my esperiences with it so far give me the impression that even amateurs like myself can master it without getting stressed out.Here are some things potential buyers need to be aware of :1 -RRB- Sound Forge 6.0 has just been issued . I am in the process of upgrading the Sound Forge 5.0 that I just purchased .2 -RRB- I heartily recommend the book `` Sound Forge Power '' by Scott R. Garrigus ... It seems to be very friendly and very helpful . I certainly I am glad I got it .3 -RRB- With current CD and DVD burners , you can rip new CD 's at incredibly fast speeds . But I was recently speaking with a professional recording engineer ; and he told me that for audiophile quality CD 's you need to duplicate at slow a speed as possible , preferably 1X or 2X .
 i use Sound Forge for everything from editing / remixing tracks from CD to creating songs from scratch . aside from multitrack recording , i have n't thought of a single thing that this program ca n't do with sound . and believe me , i 've been trying my hardest to push it to it 's limit . if you have even the slightest interest in computer based sound recording , you 're really missing out if you do n't have this product . it 's the best .
 First off , there is a free download so you can try it before you buy it , which is always the smartest thing to do , at -LSB- ... -RSB- Secondly , this software does n't do much that you ca n't do with 3x5 cards . There is one awesome feature that allows you to assign a number -LRB- representing the degree of tension -RRB- to your various plot points which show how much tension there is in each scene . Then you can look at a graph summary which will show you if there is a good balance of tension throughout your story . Other than this , like I said , 3x5 cards would work . But if you are someone who loves using a computer program to do the same thing , you might like this program.Personally , I would just get the other software called Power Writer . It does half of what Power Structure does anyway , and better . It gives a great space to store lots of ideas , develop characters , and entire sections of the book can be moved by dragging and dropping . The organization of ideas is a lot better in Power Writer , in my opinion.Again , the trial is at write-brain for this too.Really , these two pieces of software should have been merged and sold as one . Maybe they will come to their senses at some point and do that . It was as if they were looking for an excuse to have another piece of software to sell.Both of these aforementioned software will not tell you how to write -LRB- which is exactly what I expect - just a way to organize my thoughts and my writing and nothing else . -RRB-
 The 90 second walk through from the website describes this program as a `` tool that writes the way you think . '' In many ways , I agree with the statement , but the program is not a no brainer . This was n't a piece of software I jumped right into . There were so many features , I ended up referring to the quick start manual , which I found very detailed and easy to follow . I probably would have been a frustrated camper without it.So the first tab -LRB- Story/Theme -RRB- is the overall synopsis of the manuscript . It 's quite useful and includes quite a few prompts to get a writer going . If you 're the type who starts with the big picture , I 'd definitely suggest starting here.The next tab involves the character creation . As an all-in-one product , I have to admit , this area was quite well done . It is n't as extensive as Character Writer , but it is thorough and and has quite a few prompts to help a writer get a good sense of a character . It 's actually quite nice and pleasing to the eye.For my review I chose the Campbell & Vogler 's Mythical 12 Steps -LRB- Hero 's Journey -RRB- template.So plotting . If you 're using the Hero 's Journey template , the stages are preset making the task quite easy . Simply add scenes in the Journey Stages tab . What I found early on is as I inputted my entries , the program synchronized my data across the board . This was a good thing , as it reduced the need to duplicate entries . I liked that . :-RRB- If you decide to freestyle it with the Novel template , it takes a little more planning , since the program does n't automatically place the chapters in specific Acts.One of the aspects I loved with Power Structure was the Plot Arcs . When I wroteShadow Cat -LRB- Fantasy Romance -RRB- -LRB- The Striped Ones -RRB- , I noticed I had quite a few loose ends when I went back to read . I had to patch them up and reread several times before I was sure I got them all . This helps prevent that . The story I used -LRB- Shadows Within -RRB- included 6 different issues -LRB- Arcs -RRB- I needed to address as I went through the story . Some were easy to forget as I plotted . But having them listed , I could easily identify which plots fell to the wayside and needed scenes to address them before the ending . Absolutely magnificent.Another feature I really enjoyed as I entered the scenes into the program was the Conflict section . Stories are supposed to build , the problems escalate until it reaches a climax . The software includes an option to introduce a new story arc , heighten a story arc , and/or resolve a story arc . At the bottom of the respective tab , the writer can specify the tension level at the particular stage in the story . As I mentioned , the tension in stories build until the explosion . :-RRB- If the user flips to the Conflict Overview tab , the program displays a line bar graph depicting the tension level as the story progresses . It 's a nice feature for a quick look at the dips and whatever is the opposite a dip . :-RRB- One limitation with the conflict -- the program only allows the user to heighten and/or resolve one conflict per scene . As it was , I encountered at least one scene where the tension heightened for two conflicts.Okay . The short comings from the eyes of Reena . : -RRB- Power Structure provided the basics then leaves the user on their own . Unlike Character Writer , Power Structure does not include additional questions to help define the character , plot , or scene . Take for example the subheading
 Easy to use and does everything I expected . I have LPs dating to the 50s and I have already converted about 30 to CDs . In some cases I was able to get two LPs on one CD which is great for my two LP albums -LRB- total CD space is 80 minutes -RRB- .
 I purchased this for my husband . He had a really old version of it when his computer broke . He bugged me for months to find it so i went online and there it was . Thanks Again .
 In many ways it 's easier to use for editing & volume control than the volume 6 that I was using , but it does this automatic fade into songs that I ca n't quite get around , & I ca n't stand that . As far as tagging goes , it 's great . I do n't like the jewell case options at all . I only do mixed cds & I ca n't get the artist 's names to come up on the song lists .
 My overall opinion of this product is positive . I know that there are certain things that they ca n't do about some forms of this thing called spam.Don Gray
 The pre installed version works great for me on my computer . I am not sure why everyone else is having problems . It is keeping the spam away from me with no problem.Thanks NORTON
 My kids love the whole Freddi Fish series . Thankfully every title has been available for Mac . On my recent purchase of this release it arrived `` PC Only '' and not the '' -LRB- Windows/Macintosh -RRB- '' that this site claims . Since this is an old title -LRB- the first Freddi Fish -RRB- it is no longer in production . New distribution is limited to Windows only . Before ordering , ask the vendor to confirm compatibility so you do n't get stuck with a version you ca n't use . My kids love all the Freddi Fish titles , and I 'm sure this one is no exception . Now I just need to get a PC to run it on .
 I bought this game to play with my younger sister because I remembered playing it when I was younger . She enjoyed it and was sad when it was over . Although she has completed the game , she played it several more times . There are many environmental interactions on the game which are humorous . There is singing , dancing , and a few added distractions that are silly , but funny . Most children would enjoy this game and it 's not too monotonous or dull for an adult to sit and assist the child .
 My son absolutely loves this game . It is actually , so cute , I find myself interested , and trying to play along !
 To replace an old one . My son 's other copy was old and scratched so we did n't want to spend a lot on another one . This fit the bill !
 Freddi Fish and the Missing Kelp Seeds , being the first in the series of Freddi Fish games , some would think it 's boring and slow to start . But it sets the bar for other `` firsts in series '' games ! I loved this as a kid and I love it now ! Thank you for fast shipping and great product quality !
 I found this Dvd helpful . I enjoy reviewing history . I enjoyed it . I am sure you will too . I recommend this item .
 My six year old granddaughter loves spelling the words and then getting a piece of the puzzle to put in place . This software holds her attention and helps her with her reading skills .
 I wanted a game my son would enjoy playing and would actually teach him something . This game is great , it has spelling , wordseach , alphabetizing , and much more . He likes this game and I like because he is learning from it . There is a part on here where the kid reads a short book then answers questions about what they read but in a game mode . I really like this game , finally a reading game that acually teaches reading .
 I purchased this product as a gift . I have used this product in the past with my older child . This product is excellent if your child is having problems with Reading and understanding the concept of language or you just want to give your child a head start on their education . Going to purchase for my young child .
 I bought this several years ago to use with a journal project I assigned my high school English students . I loved the easy setup , navigation , and templates ; the Amelia font was GREAT , too , for informal journal writing . I wanted to buy an updated version for my granddaughter , because she 's interested in journaling and , at age 7 , very computer-saavy . She would have loved this software . However , there 's been no updating of the program since its development for Windows 95/98 , and it wo n't run on our XP and/or VISTA systems ; it wo n't run on my Mac PowerBook OS X , either . Too bad -- it was such an easy , entertaining program to use .
 I 've been in the business a long time . I remember a day when everyone was claiming `` Finally Real Time Video Editing ! '' At that time I was working with an Amiga Video Toaster Flyer . About three years ago I switched completely over to PC editing . At first the road was rocky . If you 've never edited on a Toaster Flyer , you really do n't know what real time is ! Three years ago I could n't find a single product on the market under $ 5,000 that could truly compare to the speed I was used to.You see , with the Flyer you would slap down some video , place an effect in between and voila ! Instant playback -- hundreds and hundreds of effects!I did n't really know what rendering was until I came over to the PC platform . Finally , just over a year ago , I discovered EditDV 2.0 -LRB- Now CineStream -- which , can I just say , the new name stinks ! -RRB- . Edit DV comes the closest to real-time that I 've ever seen . It has an amazing amount of filters and controls -LRB- ie . Color Correction , Film , etc. -RRB- and plenty of effects -LRB- more can be added with Pixelan Software -RRB- . I create video only for hobby , work projects and the occassional contract job , now days , but even as a professional videographer , I would not be without at least one workstation set up for Edit DV.Cuts only editing is Completely REAL REAL REAL TIME ! Add a few transitions and you 'll be rendering for a few short seconds . Create some complex filters and you 'd better go to lunch -- but is n't that the way PC editing is?The thing I like most about EditDV is it 's easy capture window . Most programs prompt you for a name after each captured clip completes . Edit DV can be set up to Automatically name your clips so you can keep capturing as fast as you can click `` Start '' and `` Stop '' , `` Start '' and `` Stop '' ... Edit DV takes advantage of your Dual Processor , so you get work done twice as fast ! Not many programs in this low price break offered that a year ago . I 'm not sure many do even today.Edit DV runs LOTS faster ; processes and thinks much faster than Adobe Premiere 5.x . Again , I 've only tested on my one machine -LRB- which is dual PentiumIII/500MHz with 512Mg RAM -RRB- . Adobe is VERY slow compared to EditDV -LRB- on my system -RRB- . Edit DV 2.0 has everything and more than Adobe Premiere 5.1 has -- except one . If you do Wedding videos , or special occassion photo montages , listen up ! I found myself turning to Premiere , even as slow as it was , to do photo montages . Premiere imports your photos at whatever resolution you scanned them . This lets you zoom and pan across your images like the pros . Edit DV 2.0 converts all imported photos to 640x480 . If you zoom you 'll see serious image loss.HAPPY DAY , THOUGH !!! Edit DV 3.0 -LRB- CineStream 1.0 -RRB- allows you to do the same `` large photo importing '' as Premiere , so I can finally toss out Premiere altogether !! Only , who will join me in my crusade to change the new name , CineStream , back to EditDV 3.0 ? Anyone ... Anyone ... ? PS - Both Adobe Premiere 6.0 and EditDV 3.0 -LRB- CineStream -RRB- are OHCI compliant . I have not tested Premiere 6.0 . But you should be able to catch my EditDV 3.0 review right here on Amazon , in a few weeks.You simply wo n't find a better package -LRB- hardware and software -RRB- for the price !
 This product deserves alot of praise not only for the quality of its structure but for the price that it is sold at . The film industry has never been cheap and digital film has revolutionised its prices and this software is the perfect tool for the buget concious film-maker who has just started out . It is simple to use and offers scene shifting options with a very simple drag and drop method . This revolutionary new techique has halved the time it takes me to rearrange the sections of my film . This program also offers a proffesional quality that can only be rivalled by such software as Adobe Photoshop 0.6 . This software is the only contender for quality and price in the market . I would recommend this product to anyone interested in film making both profesionally or just for fun .
 This product deserves alot of praise not only for the quality of its structure but for the price that it is sold at . The film industry has never been cheap and digital film has revolutionised its prices and this software is the perfect tool for the buget concious film-maker who has just started out . It is simple to use and offers scene shifting options with a very simple drag and drop method . This revolutionary new techique has halved the time it takes me to rearrange the sections of my film . This program also offers a proffesional quality that can only be rivalled by such software as Adobe Photoshop 0.6 . This software is the only contender for quality and price in the market . I would recommend this product to anyone interested in film making both profesionally or just for fun .
 I had originally played this with a friend on the original Xbox , and had tons of fun . I opted to purchase the PC version for myself , because of the '' +123 Mod '' which basically let all maps and game types be used together . I even had fun on the campaign , although you still stick around for the multiplayer with others or with bots -LRB- not enough games have bots ! -RRB- . Not anything against the game , but the seller I got it from shipped an English 4-CD version of the game from Thailand , rather than a US English DVD version or similar . I thought it was strange .
 I bought this product this past week and believe me , it is more than worth its price . Just read the description . Only the 3D section is not `` Star Wars quality '' , but the message gets through . Here , for a low price , you can obtain enough material to keep you busy `` until rapture '' . I believe you will not be disappointed .
 We picked this up for our daughter and she LOVES it ! The characters , graphics and sound are all wonderful . Her reading and math skills have improved significantly after a few months of Clever Island . It is well worth the cost . Thanks ! Keep producing great products !
 I bought Clever Island for my niece a couple of months ago and she just loves it . It really is one of the only safe online places for her to go . And there is so much stuff in there for her to do . Also , my sister -LRB- her parents -RRB- love it because it is online , so they do not need to carry cd-roms around with them anymore . if you buy one product , buy this one .
 What can I say except - The Best!I bought this for myself as a reintroduction to an old hobby . The package surpassed all other programs I 'd ever seen . It was intuitive , informative and included material I 'd never seen before . Needless to say , I 'm considering buying a telescope now!The depth of information on deep sky objects was my favorite feature . However , when my 5th grader got his hands on Starry Night , I could n't get him to go to bed for a week straight.The best software out there for all users.Highly recommended !
 This is a great product . Super easy to use , friendly interface , and rich , detailed information presented in a fun way.As one with only a recent interest in astronomy , the product has been completely informative and advanced my knowledge greatly . I particularly like the guided tours which patiently explain all the constellations and nebulaes . A big favorite with my 8 year old is the ` spaceship ' , where you can travel the solar system and explore.I liked this so much that I bought a copy for my brother , who has been interested in astronomy for several years . He gives the program high marks as well , despite being much more advanced in the hobby than me.Overall , this is an excellent product .
 I pride myself on being a fairly experienced amateur astronomer and I 've been a very happy and enthusiastic user of Starry Night Pro 4.5 for close to a year . My 10-year old niece got her hands on the `` Atlas of the Sky '' DVD and I was excited to see in her reaction the signs of the astronomer within.I knew SM Pro was more than she needed , so I got her the Complete Space & Astronomy Pack for her birthday and it fit the bill exactly . The encyclopedia-like content is fabulous to feed her ever-growing curiosity and the visualization powers are just awesome and keep her coming back for more . She 's hooked and now I 've got a partner in crime.This product gets high marks from a happy aunt .
 I am constantly on the lookout for science software that 's fun for my kids . When I saw that Children 's Software Revue gave Starry Night Complete Space & Astronomy Pack 4.5 stars out of five and called it `` the ideal package for either novice or expert astronomers who want to know a bit more about their backyard view of the universe , '' it was a must-buy for my household . My kids LOVE this program . They are on the computer all the time now looking at the planets and the sun or doing one of the guided tours . I totally recommend this !
 I love this . I 've played with several desktop planetarium products including Red Shift , TheSky and even other Starry Night offerings , and this is the one . It 's simple to use -- like a web browser , really rich , informative . I 'm using it with both my 8 year old and my 12 year old and it 's just perfect.Note that in addition to the basic astronomy software , a thing called Deep Space Explorer is in there too -- it 's like an encyclopedia meets a space-ship simulator . Very cool.All in all , a great value .
 WONDERFUL software . It does just about anything anyone would want it to . Clear directions and explanations -- even for someone as computer illiterate as I. Accompanying printed materials extremely helpful , also . A home run .
 This game is my childhood . I played this game so much as a kid . It was fun then and it 's still damn fun now . I do n't care what age you are , you will love this game . Although the above reviewer may disagree , the powerups add to the game immensely , since it 's a less serious atmosphere than normal baseball -LRB- and is better for it -RRB- . If you go into the game expecting pure fun rather than a nitty-gritty simulation , you will love it to death .
 Bought this for my 8 year old daughter , and she loves it . She and her friends especially love to pick their teams from the bleacher full of kids , and getting to see how they are rated on individual skills . It took us a little bit of time to figure out how to move your player , since the player that you represent changes often , but once you get used to that , it gets easier to play . Overall , we really enjoy our Backyard Soccer game .
 My kids loved this . We then ordered Backyard Football and Basketball , which they 've also enjoyed .
 I have been researching my family tree for almost 10 years usingFamily Tree Maker and other programs of various versions.FTM 11.2 is without doubt , the most User Friendly program I have found .
 Since this software is no longer sold or supported by QuickBooks , this was a wonderful way to replace something you must have . The seller shipped the item promptly and offered the item at a very good price , my only complaint is that this was the `` Contractors Edition '' and that was n't stated on the description when I made my decision .
 i got Putt-Putt the first time for my oldest son . -LRB- he is 6 ' 1 '' now -RRB- My middle son loved them as well when he got big enought to start playing them , around 21/2 or so , Putt-Putt saves the zoo is a great starter game because it is just alike every time . The kids like that . Any of the Putt-Putt games my kids love .
 I had been looking for this item for a long time because my grandson had misplaced one we got him . I was very happy to find it at Amazon and I recieved the item in a very reasonable amount of time and in very good condition .
 I was looking for computer games my great grandchildren could play . It took a couple of times for the 5yr . old child to finish the complete game . He needed very little help once he undertood the game . I like the game because it makes him think and use his brain to figure out how to get Putt-Putt where he needs to go and how and what he needs to save the animals . This game was purchased on Amazon for a very good price plus I really like to check the reviews which are very helpful .
 great product , great price , fast shipping , my grand-daughter loves all the putt-putt games-when-ever I ca n't find a product locally I go to Amazon
 This game is a huge favorite at our house . My 3 year old son absolutely loves it ! We played it once together all the way through -LRB- rescued all the baby animals -RRB- and now he enjoys playing it by himself . Even though the game does n't change , he plays it over and over -LRB- 3 times through today alone -RRB- ! I also purchased another Putt-putt game as well as a Freddi the Fish game but I 'm waiting for my son to get tired of Putt-putt Saves the Zoo ... so far he has n't !
 great game for my son with many adventures that adults could enjoy with their kids Cost is very reasonable also .
 This is a great game for young kids . You will find yourself putting your child to bed early so that you can play it too .
 This product came exactly as described and is tons of fun!Putt - Putt is a fun series to play . I would recommend the seller and product highly .
 Fun for my grandson who is 4 , also for older family members as we try to remember where items are and where they belong , he loves it . Plays and laughs when the animals do funny things .
 MY SON HAS GOTTEN HOURS AND HOURS OF WHOLESOME ENTERTAINMENT FROM THIS PRODUCT . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT FOR ANY CHILD .
 my 5 yo grandson loves the game , and will play it over and over . I personally find it a little boring , he does not
 We upgraded to QB Premier from QB Pro to take advantage of the multiple pricing by amount - not percentage and it works well . However , there are still items that need consideration . For mail and phone orders , credit cards now require CVV codes and there is no place on the payment screen to include . I also believe that front end and back end info should be integrated . We would like to be able to use QB to send info to customers who have purchased a certain products rather than having to export to another program .
 This is a multifaceted program that out does itself ! Takes a while to get to know it , but once you get rollin ' you find out that it is very powerful indeed . I recommend it to any small business owner .
 Arrived in good condition . Until the kid opens it and goes to use it , I ca n't say more , but am sure he will love it .
 I wanted a website to share family pictures with my parents and other relatives across the country . I tried The Website in a Box and it was a snap . It was easy and everything I needed was included . This is a great product at a great price .
 I had the , uhm , privilege of setting this up for a nonprofit organization . QuickBooks Premier Non-Profit Edition 2005 was chosen because everyone collectively went , `` We need accounting software . And gasp ! Quickbooks is catering to nonprofits ! And we 're a nonprofit ! So this has got to be great ! '' However , it 's all the same with an extra name on it . Therefore I recommend taking the the reviews of QuickBooks Premier 2005 -LRB- regular edition -RRB- into consideration for your purchasing decision . The reviews are bad but apparently they 're bad for every single accounting software product on Amazon -LRB- really , you 'll see -RRB- . It is very , very smart marketing on Intuit 's part to make such specialized niche versions of their software . They do n't seem to have any competitors in `` nonprofit accounting '' at the office stores . They must be barnstorming marketshare coming up with specialized versions.I do n't know the Quickbooks software well enough to give you an accurate rating . I gave it four stars . I was tempted to give it three , a fair mediocre rating ... Quickbooks was not easy or wonderful , or pleasant . But does it do its job ? Yes . I think Quickbooks or something like it is necessary , and will pay off big time in the long run . It comes with -LRB- a rather good , included -RRB- how-to book . If you have the money , go to Intuit 's website and look up a QuickBooks Consultant in your area ... I 'd imagine this genuinely valuable.Kudos to Intuit for honoring their rebate.Make sure you check the reviews for the regular edition , as these two are basically the same thing .
 Quickbooks for Nonprofit does a lot of great things . Just what we needed . However , it was extremely difficult to get started with . We can understand why QuickBooks markets their software support as another profit center - they know you will be calling them for help !
 We are building our first `` spec '' house . I was having trouble visualizing some of the details . This product helped me put the plans into a 3-d model and now I have no trouble visualizing the house at all !
 Many thanks as it is real awesome designer for me to learn . Shipping was real quick . Thank again
 I read other reviews that complained about this product , and I bought it , concerned . Every CAD I have tried to use was almost impossible . Slow , frustrating , you could n't make the walls the right length , and to put in a door or a window was a struggle.Punch Home Design Studio is so easy to use compared to every other CAD I 've tried that there is no comparison . You want a wall , you put up a wall . You want it a certain length , you put the numbers it . You want to see it in 3D -- BOOM -- it does it . As I use it , am amazed by how simple , elegant , and fast it is . A Great program -- A great price . I think the world of it !
 Like any serious piece of design software , there is a learning curve and you will need to read the manual -LRB- I know ... who likes to read anymore -RRB- . After a few days of playing around and reading I was able to create my house design and add an addition to the back . The software comes with several templates that help you get started if you are having trouble being creative . The one thing I did wish this software had was video tutorials . Otherwise , I highly recommend this software if you are willing to put some time into it . It 's great for both remodeling and creating from the ground-up . Just do not expect to be 100 % proficient with it five minutes after installing it .
 This software is incredible . Although I have seen some reviews that it is difficult to get the hang of , it really is easy to use if you are familiar with other graphic design programs . The ability to quickly do design work and then see what it looks like in 3D and in real time is remarkable . There are things that can be improved upon , and hopefully will , but this is tough to beat for the money if you are a Mac user .
 This is a must-have if you own an Apple and like the PC version of the software . It 's great for renovating your home or creating a new design . The program makes it quite easy to create complex topography , roof designs , etc. . It does not have all of the tools the high-end PC version comes with , but the flexibility and enhancements more than make up for it . It does limit you to three floor layers , but with a little creativity you can overcome that .
 Although I was somewhat apprehensive about purchasing this product because of the negative reviews , I spent the dough and waited anxiously for the UPS man to show up.A couple of days later my package arrived via the turd-brown truck and was deposited into my eager clutches.I sprinted up the rickety staircase of our 1896 Victorian , only pausing long enough to request a large rum and coke from my wife , then gleefully tore into my new software.After the simple one-step download , I started up the program and was presented with the daunting task of doing something with the blank page staring back at me.Not being the type to read all the manuals and necessary information before diving into a project , I glanced at the quick-start information and immediately went to work.The controls were extremely intuitive and I easily created the foundation . Upon this I laid the second floor and roof in minutes.Because of my home 's unique Victorian porches , rails , and stacked bay windows , I did have to find specific information in the manual to address those details . All answers were simple to find thanks to the software 's search menu . Simply type your topic and answers are sorted by relevance.The paper manual is also a great reference and has an index to find specific answers . I believe the entire manual is contained in the `` help '' search , but I do n't actually know . I do know that every difficulty I encountered was easily solved by using the search bar.My original plan was to build a practice model to get comfortable with the software , then create another file with specific dimensions . This became unnecessary as the day progressed because it is so simple to input dimensions and insert walls , windows , doors , etc.Once the shell of my house was made , I grabbed my tape measure , went outside , and measured the dimensions of the foundation , doors , windows , etc.Back inside on Punch I simply lengthened walls , raised ceilings , stretched windows , and entered exact dimensions . With that , my Punch house was an exact duplicate of my home.The process continued with measuring interior spaces and dropping walls into place.The 2 story house with exact interior and exterior dimensions took about 5 hours to complete . This includes learning how to use the software on a basic level , manually measuring every surface in the house , consuming multiple and increasingly potent rum beverages and repeatedly complaining to my wife that my stomach was empty and needed solid nourishment . Had I been sober at the time the process may have been more expedient . There was quite a bit of unnecessary stalling because I simply was in no condition to go outside and measure.Once the exact shell was created , the program really came to life.There are huge menus of colors , textures , materials , fixtures , appliances , etc , that are infinitely customizable.In fact , once the shell was made , my wife shambled over with a large glass of wine , muttered something incoherent , and bumped me out of my chair . With a few simple instructions : A -RRB- `` these are your materials and color menus `` B -RRB- `` drag and drop what you want where you want it `` she quickly and expertly painted the rooms using Sherman Williams actual paint library . The colors are identified by name and product number so you can go to the Sherman Williams and request `` UPS turd-brown 60097 '' * not an actual SW color * and be in and out of the store in minutes , not weeks . It makes the agonizing chore of choosing colors simple and relatively painless.Not only that , it 's great fun to see all the possibilities without all the back-breaking , mind-numbing manual labor involved in actually painting a room only to hate it and repaint it.Other features such as the landscape design are worth the cost of the program on their own . I completely changed my landscape plans and gardenhouse placement once I saw them in 3-D . That alone saved me thousands of dollars.I highly recommend this product if you are planning a remodel . The materials choices are phenomenal , the ability to instantly change , tweak , and customize designs is simple and extremely useful in the planning process.Buy it . Ignore the bad reviews . If I can learn this program while drunk , you can surely do it .
 I have been using this theme pack for the last year . I have purchased all of this companies products . I give them my unreserved recommendation . The regular themes included in Keynote have at best 10 to 15 master slides . These themes has 15 + slides for each theme and as an added bonus each theme pack comes with extra materials for use in bringing your presentations alive . Buy them , you wo n't be disappointed !!!
 I got this CD pack because I 'm teaching myself Japanese . It is a lot of fun and I really love it ! The best part about this CD pack is that you feel like you 're having a real conversation with the native speakers . I really love this audio set because it is so awesome ! It 's more fun to teach yourself then taking a class.Good luck on your studies and have fun ! Sayonara !
 The format -LRB- listening , repeating and speaking -RRB- makes this an effective learing method .
 This is the most detail oriented program there is available ! Just make sure to get some kind of tutoring with it . It is hard for a beginner to learn .
 product is great has good help screens . very flexible . forms are easily modified .
 Just go and get this , the upgrade version is painless to install and it has all those new icons you need to make your diagrams just perfect ! Great to use , easy to install ... no reason to wait .
 this is the most outstanding product for the who want to open their business in the web
 Great ! Just Great ! Use it you will loe it ... its easy , its good , its fast ... Get it !
 I struggled with my first store . Then when I created my second store -- at least the basics -- it took only a few hours ! SF2000 is terrific!Tim
 My store is finally up and running . And I would just like to thank all those at La Garde for their excellent product and support.Thank youTiana
 Storefront 2000 is an excellent product . I have using it since it was Storefront 99 . Works great with FrontPage 2000 ... all kinds of built in tools for building your own custom ecommerce site from start to finish . I have downloaded and tested at least 20 other `` ecommerce/shopping cart '' packages ... this is by far the best if you like controlling your own design and layout .
 In this day and age of questionable/confusing tech support , it is refreshing to find a company that stands behind it 's products and goes the extra mile to make sure that their customers are satisfied . Keep up the good work ! -- Dennis p.
 I just wanted to take some time out to first of all thank StoreFront for a great product ! I am starting my second -LRB- and third -RRB- store , and I am amazed at how much faster I can get everything in working order and up and running ! The learning curve was a little steeper than normal , but once you get over that , it is a lot easier to work with!The StoreFront newsgroup was a great help ! I could n't have made site without it ! Storefront support has been great too ! Angie
 Hello , I just wanted to say thanks you La Garde Software for making this product . A year and a half ago I had a background in Access , and VB and I work at an ISP . I was asked if I could do a web store . I told them I could -LRB- lied -RRB- . I searched the net and found storefront 99 software . Since I knew VB , access , and html , I liked it because it was ASP based not java . I bought it and produced my first store . Since then , a year and a half later , I have produced roughly 50 online stores and have made well over 200 grand from them and have learned to take the ASP and heavily modify it for those very picky customers.My hats off to you for your good product and good support , no I am in a great job , doing what I love.Thanks , Mark
 Ca n't stress this enough folks , but you just do n't find quality support like StoreFront.MW
 This is the best Windows based drawing tool I 've seen . The customizable stencils make it easy to create the tool that 's perfect for your needs . However , the freehand capability leaves something to be desired as freeform lines can be quite difficult to work with . On the plus side , this tool provides a ton of really cool capabilities that you wo n't find anywhere else at the present time . It 's a great product that just needs some fine tuning .
 I 've had this product for a few weeks and I use it everyday . The main reason I bought it was for the timing feature . In my business , I need to bill by time , and my Quickbooks 2002 always crashed when I used the timing feature . I was hesitant to try Quickbooks again , but with a money-back guarantee from the company decided to give this version a try.I find this product to be great . It has n't crashed on me once , and is much easier to move around from the single timing feature , to weekly time sheets , to preparing invoices . I have n't attempted to do an invoice in Word yet . I just export to Excel , but that process is painless in this program.I highly recommend it !
 I was skepictal of this product because I have photoshop and have found it so hard to use for digital scrapbooking which I did n't really enjoy until I splurged and bought Memory Mixer . I am hooked . They have so many premade pages and then all sorts of templates you can pick from to design your own pages and to only spend $ 5-7 in there online store to get more paper 's and premade pages is amazing . You ca n't go wrong with this software .
 I searched for a program that could help me create a digital scrapbook of my Mom 's old recipes for our family . I have never used a program like this and thought this one seemed to have what I needed . It has been great and VERY easy to use ! We can even add some of Dad 's harmonica recordings to the finished product . Still working on the CD but much faster process than I could ever hope for and very professional looking . Something for the family to enjoy for a lifetime ...
 I have had this for over a year and have made some great albums . Customer service is great . I just email them my questions and they get right back to me . The program is easy to learn and is fun to use . I love the program .
 This software is a lot of fun . I enjoy paper scrapbooking also , but having electronic capability is less time consuming , more permanent , and more easily editable .
 There are some compelling reasons to upgrade to Visio 2000 if you 're using an earlier version of Professional . Here are some of my favorite features that I did not have in version 5.5 include the ability to quickly lay out deployment diagrams and create more precise drawings with the dynamic grid feature . It lets you distribute and align shapes on pre-defined grid templates -LRB- or ones of your own making -RRB- . It also has automatic shape numbering , which I find very useful when I am creating a complex flow or process chart . I include a legend in the drawing that corresponds with the numbered shapes to further clarify that is happening.Another feature that is plain wonderful is the page tabs , like in Excel and other applications . This is a vast improvement over the hard-to-find pages in earlier versions . The best feature , though , is the ability to use your arrow keys to `` nudge '' shapes in small increments . If you are doing web-enabled diagrams you can now embed URLs -LRB- links -RRB- in your shapes that can point to web pages , other documents , drawings or even another shape on your drawing . This is an incredibly handy feature even if you are not publishing your diagram to a web page because it allows you to create drawings that can be `` drilled down '' into , or point to entire documents for additional information . The possibilities here are endless.Although I do n't use it , a friend raves about the feature that allows you to model directory schemas , such as Active Directory , Novell 's Directory Services -LRB- NDS ; now called `` eDirectory '' -RRB- , and LDAP -LRB- Lightweight Directory Access Protocol -RRB- . Since directory-enabled enterprises are based on one of these products or standards this feature alone might be reason enough to upgrade . Note that NDS modeling has long been a feature with a wizard that Visio provided for free before Microsoft acquired the product . This has now been integrated into the core product and the other directory types added.This version can also be extensively customized without resorting to Visual Basic for Applications -LRB- VBA -RRB- . ALthough the documentation that ships with Visio 2000 is lame Ralph Grabowski 's excellent book , Learn Visio 2000 for the Advanced User , will show you how to fully customize Visio to meet your unique needs . This book is especially valuable if you use Visio all of the time because it will show you how to use a lot of features that you might not otherwise discover -LRB- or discover by trial and error -RRB- , and how to configure Visio into a fine tool fitted to your needs instead of the generic implement it is out of the box.Yes , Visio 2000 Professional is bloated , and yes , it still does strange things when you 're editing a diagram within Microsoft Word . However , it is also incredibly powerful and easy to use . The learning curve for creating diagrams is shallow . I estimate that most people become 80 % more productive even if they only use 20 % of its capabilities . And the diagrams certainly add clarity to documentation . Despite the warts this version has some innovative features that make it an improvement over earlier versions . If you need the new features I cited above then the upgrade is worth it .
 My son 's daycare has the Putt Putt games and the kids love them so much that they end up in tears over who gets to play them for 5 minutes a turn . The game is very cute and simple ; non-aggressive and lots of little actions that are amusing.I got a used copy on Amazon for use on my machine at home that runs XP , which was supposed to run it -LRB- from what I read -RRB- . However , there was no sound , even in compatibility mode , which was a big problem for this particular game.After a lot of searching and experimenting I got it to work great using ScummVM -LRB- an open-source freeware app that you can find online . -RRB- If you 're technically inclined it will be no problem to get that going . However , if you 're not technically inclined but want to try , I wrote a step-by-step description of how I did it . -LRB- Just search Google under `` doctorlizardo putt putt '' and you 'll find it -RRB- . Hopes this helps another parent .
 In this , his first of many adventures , Putt-putt the purple convertible is trying to get ready for the Cartown pet parade by getting a car wash/paint job , a balloon , and a pet . Car washes are n't free and Putt-putt must earn money by delivering groceries and mowing lawns -LRB- something not often see in a game for younger kids -RRB- . Besides getting a balloon and finding a pet , Putt-putt has the whole town of Cartown to explore and he can visit with the various citizens , too . Like other Humongous Entertainment games there are lots of hidden clickables for kids to find too . ** System requirements
 Although you can find most of the resources of a chess database program -LRB- if you have the time and inclination -RRB- free on the internet , there is something to be said for having everything together in one comprehensive package . For most people , that 's either Chessbase or Chess Assistant . Chess Assistant is a great tool that will do pretty much anything you can think of , and then some . It allows you to organize your own games , gives you access to its own database of almost three million games , a database of a quarter of a million correspondence games , and free updates to games through their website . You can also easily convert other formated databases to the Chess Assistant format . You also get to play online through their own server for free.The benifits of the program are too many to mention . Data manipulation , study tools , analysis tools , opening encyclopedia , you name it , it probably has it . Suffice it to say that it is an excellent value for the price . A couple of the only qualms I have are 1 -RRB- playing against the engine is n't that fun -LRB- stick with Fritz for that -RRB- , and 2 -RRB- it does n't have as slick an interface as Chessbase . However , considering the price difference , I think it does its job just fine . I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a comprehensive analysis tool that ca n't afford Chessbase 's prices .
 Chess Assistant 8.1 is a chess program and game database combined . A recent review by FIDE MASTER ERIC SCHILLER -LRB- www.chesscity.com -RRB- said Chess Assistant 's the `` Best Chess Software for Rapid Improvement '' . -LSB- quoting SCHILLER 'S REVIEW -RSB- `` There are two popular full-featured chess processors , Chess Assistant and Chess Base . I 've used both of these programs for many years . In the past , I have split my recommendations depending on the level of play , but recent additions to Chess Assistant make it hands down the better choice for all chessplayers . `` Myself , I 'm just now returning to chess , so I 'm starting out with both ChessAssistant and Fritz9 -LRB- Chessbase -RRB- . Both Fritz and ChessAssistant are different products with a different emphasis . Fritz has a large number of complementary training videos , but all of them require at least Fritz8 to run . Here in the States there 's http://chessbaseusa.sectorlink.org -LRB- USA -RRB- , otherwise www.chessbase.comBut ChessAssistant not only includes -LRB- game -RRB- database management with their product , but ChessAssistant is working to be known as `` EVERYTHING ANYONE WOULD WANT '' IN A SINGLE PACKAGE.It 's written by CONVEKTA , who 's also responsible for producing many of the CHESS-PLAYABLE TRAINING CD 's on the market . You can go to their STORE at www.chessassistant.com or www.convekta.com and browse their selection . They are always adding to their collection as they have working arrangements with Chess Masters on developing new products - individual CD 's or volume 1234 collections.All of Convekta 's products are listed on Amazon.com as either Convekta or ChessCentral . Some of the training CD 's include
 There are many different mathematics software packages available for use , from the high powered symbolic computation packages to basic tutorials . This is a basic tutorial in pre-algebra through calculus II , and there is enough material here to keep a student busy for a long time . There are several hundred lessons covering the standard material in basic math , algebra , precalculus , geometry , business math , statistics , how to write about mathematics , mathematical games and calculus . Each lesson has a link to a set of problems and that problem set a link to the solutions . Several animation files are also available to demonstrate some of the more complex operations that are difficult or impossible to represent using static images . The company web site contains a large number of online tests that can be taken as many times as desired.There are 21 interviews of people in a wide variety of professions , few of which would leap to mind when you think of using mathematics at your job . Some of the people interviewed are a boat builder , personal trainer , triathlete , triage nurse and furniture restorer . The wide spectrum of applications that they have for mathematics is a powerful argument in favor of how important it is to learn mathematics . Links to the interviews are included in the lessons where appropriate.In terms of the quality of the lessons , they are very good , but not outstanding . While there will no doubt be times when a student will need the assistance of a human , in general it would be possible for the motivated person to learn using only these lessons . Instructors can easily incorporate the use of this package into their courses as a supplemental learning tool.The package also contains a textpad that can be used to perform basic computations . Somewhat difficult to learn at first , it was necessary for me to consult the animated tutorials before I was able to use it . Nevertheless , it is straightforward to use and has a look-and-feel that is much like Microsoft Word.This is a package that covers at least four years of mathematics . It is noted as being the best-selling high school mathematics package in the United States and from what I have seen , there is ample reason to believe it . There is also a good deal of material that college instructors will find of value.Published in Mathematics and Computer Education , reprinted with permission .
 I 'm probably not the target audience they had in mind when they made the software . I 'm not a musician and do n't work in the music industry . My background is in electronics and software . I always loved synthesizers , and would have liked to learn an instrument but never had the patience.This software is great for getting engrossed in music and taking a whole different approach to music for those that are n't pros or gifted with instruments.After reading a few books on musical theory , and getting a few music sheets -LRB- online and via books -RRB- , I find myself entering the notes via the staff view , and the arranging them in surround sound . Also did some of my own music . Very powerful , and well designed user interface , very rich feature set . Many instruments , and note entry for standard staff -LRB- piano , violin -RRB- , fret board/chords -LRB- guitar -RRB- , or drums -LRB- pattern , drum map -RRB- . Use the free web trial which is good for 30 days to see if you like it before buying the full product . At first I shied away from the price tag , but after spending 2 weeks with the web trial I was easily convinced.The producer version is worth the extra money over the studio version if you 're interested in 5.1 surround sound .
 I 've been recording music since the days synthesizers could only produce one note at a time , and have owned many , many types of recording instruments and devices . Sonar 6 Producer Edition comes complete and is capable of producing the sounds of synths , organs , piano 's , bass and lead guitars as well as a wide variety of drums sets . This package contains everything one person would need to compose , arrange , record and mix down a complete movie soundtrack and bounce it to CD 's -LRB- stereo -RRB- or go all the way to a 5.1 surround format for DVD applications . I now have a garage full of old , unused keyboards , synthesizers , piano modules and other outdated MIDI equipment because Sonar 6 does and has it all !
 The learning curve is huge but worth the climb . The prospects are endless so expect to get lost in this program as with so many others of it 's ilk . I would suggest investigating all of the possibilities when it comes to educational software-videos as well ... Michael Stone
 Till today -LRB- 01/07 -RRB- one of the best traning CDS for learning for SQL Server 2005 Administration
 It has been for my tech staff . After two promotions and salary raises , you 'd say this too . They performed our system upgrades flawlessly and give credit where its due
 On these 21 CD 's you can learn all you would ever possibly need to know to adminster this latest version of SQL Server . The instuctor explains difficult concepts in a way that 's easy to understand . Best SQL Server guide available !
 I bought this originally to study for Microsoft 's 70-340 exam . It did an excellent job of preparing me for that exam so much so that I was a little annoyed at Microsoft for making the actual exam so easy . The test questions included were much more difficult that what I encountered on the actual exam . Thanks primarily to this book -LRB- and the accompanying exam questions -RRB- , I passed the exam easily.Afterwards , I 've kept coming back to this book as a reference when I want to implement a piece of security in the software I develop . It 's fantastic resource !
 I needed a good how to book for my computer . This is very helpful book . I could not find this book in the local bookstore .
 My 7 year old son received this about a month ago and he and everyone in the neighbourhood just loves it . They line up at my computer waiting for their turn . We also gave it as a gift to a 9 year old friend and another hit . It was the perfect gift . I have recommended it to many others with boys in this age range . It 's a little hard for them to steer at first but after an hour of practice they have it right on . Great fun .
 This is an amazing game . It has all the same things you 'd expect from a kids game . Great storyline , lots of fun , lots of personalization and many jokes . This is a must for anyone ! I 've had tons of fun playing this and once you get the hang of it it 's easy . Lego Media has really created a masterpiece . I ca n't wait to get Lego Racers 2 !
 I 'm 37 years old and generally dislike racing games , but this `` kids ' game '' is one of the most pure , mindless FUN games I 've played in a long , long time . The ability to build your own car and character -- and even make a driver 's license for him -- adds to the fun and personalization of this game , and along with the wacky power-ups along each course , spices up the game making it more interesting to older kids -LRB- up to age 37 ! -RRB- , while younger kids can just enjoy the simple , arcade-style racing . I ca n't wait for my 2-year-old to be old enough to play against me ... until that day I 'll keep practicing !!
 Great . And great graphics . I hope you make LEGO RACER 3 . This time have all characters like LEGO CHESS ...
 This is a fun racing game for , yes , kids of all ages . Our four year old can play it with my help -LRB- she steers , I work the `` pedals '' -RRB- . The races make her laugh , and she narrates each one as she drives -LRB- `` Here comes the bridge ! '' and `` Do n't crash into that guy ! '' -RRB- She also likes making her own car and driver -LRB- again with my help -RRB- . Older kids -LRB- like me -RRB- will appreciate the fact that you can just start driving , without messing with car building and tuning . Then , if you want to make a custom car , you can do it anytime.This is an ideal first driving game . Do n't get it for anyone who has already mastered other driving games , because this is a starter game . Do n't get it for an older kid if they would be insulted by the cartoon Lego characters.Final note
 My 5 year old son absolutely loves this game and will spend hours on end at the computer ` mastering ' it . It 's hours of fun and well worth every penny !
 I love this game ! You can build your own cars , and win more piezes ! I also like the SECRET SHORT CUTS !!!! By hitting sertain objecs , you can open up doors that the computer wount take ! -LRB- time races are an exeptien -RRB- some times , they are open , but hard to see . Thier are even cheet codes ! unforchently , this is can not be used to open cars , and the computer can use them to , here are two codes , flyskyhi and nowheels .
 My son loved this game so much that he played and beat it twice.He really like how each new character bragged about how they wouldbeat him . He also enjoyed it when he would win a level , there wascheering , balloons and trophies and a new car . You can also designand build your own cars , characters and outfits . This lego game isso cool .
 My kids enjoy just watching right now -LRB- 4 & 5 -RRB- and trying the test drive mode . I can see them playing it for quite some time once they master the controls . It 's competitive but in a funny way . However , the kids do get stressed a little.This is the only program I let them play that is n't deemed educational . Obviously they do have to learn strategy to play so there is always an educational element . I sometimes wonder whether I 've opened Pandora 's box too early ...
 I actually bought this based on the review I had read here . I have never bought a ` mindless ' game for my kids , so I wanted somthing simple . It IS simple and the kids adore it . It is not that sophisticated , but that does n't seem to bother my 5 or 7 year old . They are truly addicted to this game , much to my delight and chagrin .
 I have the demo of this game on my computer , and it equals FUN !!! I totally recommend it . Once you play it , you ca n't stop !!!!! One of the racers always gets Weapons which you have to remember !!!
 i loved it so much i created a petition for a sequel ! very fun ! , buy it you will not regret it ! -LSB- . . -RSB-
 hi , i just wanted to know is a game or just the movieSpirit
 The privacy controls are not compatible with OS X Panther . According to symantec 's web page they are working on a patch . The rest of this program does run very smoothly and I have no problems . Have I been hacked ? Im typing this on the computer that has the program install on it .
 Norton Utilities and AntiVirus form the foundation of any computer health program . However , when adding SuperClean to my G5 's overall health regimen , my anger peaked . I payed twice for the privilege of using iClean . As excellently as this software functions , twice paid is once too much . Concerning AntiVirus itself , no software matches it for reliability .
 The best software out there if you want to give you mac a more secure feeling , this antivirus has got you covered
 I ordered this product on Oct. 4 and received it the next day in the mail . There are eight audio cds that came with the package . All of them are in perfect condition . Not a scratch on any of the cds . There was no advertisement for a book that came along with the cds but I wish there was so I could follow along but that 's just the way I learn . The speaker on the cd is clear , precise and no mumbling ! Yes ! In the first hour that I opened the box , I have already learned the numbers up through 100 ! The product is just as advertised . Fast and easy learning . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone !
 I LOVE Family Tree Legends and never had a problem with it until the company was bought out by -LSB- ... -RSB- . I loathe the replacement software from myheritage . Legends is easy to use and DOES stand alone beautifully . I have more than 5800 persons in my files all with extensive source materials and many with copious notes and it works wonderfully.Although they are no longer supporting the software , the gencircles web site still provides realtime internet backup and publishing but no indexing.Simply put , I would stick with this software for years . I recommend it to beginners all the time because it is so easy to use . Of course it is not perfect . I am not happy with all the report features , etc. , but it is a very good basic genealogy file storage and maintenance software .
 I have tried Family Tree Maker , Family Tree Heritage , Family Tree Ancestry , nothing can beat this software . Please continue making and developing this . The concept is very good , and I was satisfied with the old version however , the later Windows is not allowing me to continue to use this software . Can you help me get a version of this that will work with Windows Vista and Windows 7 ? Thank you very much .
 I bought this on ... rebate - so it was free . Would n't pay money for it . I rated it four stars because it was exactly as promised with no problems - but price value is the issue.The sound converter and label maker came with Plus ! for Windows XP , so those are just repeats . The dancer is pretty cool , but not useful . -LRB- Same thing with party mode , pretty much -RRB- . The alarm clock serves no real purpose unless if your computer is next to your bed , or if you want to have to get up to turn it off . It can be set to play music on a timer if you like to listen as you fall asleep which is pretty cool.The sync and go for pocket pc is nice if you have a pocket pc , but you can always drag and drop files.Overall , nice features and little add ons . If something strikes you as a nice utility or something , probably worth it - but if you just want to buy it for the heck of it , you may want to save the $ ...
 You can use the super easy Analog Recorder to transfer your lp 's cassette , and whatever is shot out of your stereo , or any audio source through your computer 's audio input.You can create computer photo scrapbooks with music.It has a converter to convert your . mp3 , and . wav files in to . wma files , which really play well on Windows Media Player 9-Final Version.For People that leave their computer on there is a cool alarm that you can set manuallyThere is more but I mainly bought it because I was curious about the Analog Recorder . I think just for this it was worth the purchase .
 Microsoft Plus ! Digital Media Edition is not something necessary for the enjoyment of life , but , then , neither is a computer , a cell phone , or a TV , unless you are a diehard couch potato . What this collection of utilities does is add some fun to Windows XP , and it 's stuff no other operating system enjoys . I personally use Photo Story and Analog Recorder often , because they are both easy to use and a blast to use , too . The games collection could have been better , but , hey , for a little over ten bucks , why complain ?
 For the price that MS is charging for this product it is well worth it . The media converter is very useful to convert all my media into smaller files that can be played in my jukebox . PhotoStory rocks ! You can make small movies and send them to friends instead of liveless stills . I ca n't stop looking at the dancers ha ha , they are very entertaining , can I just get clippy dancing ? Pleaseeeeeeeee ?
 Most of the softwate with this is not only junk , but not even the full version . They include some pretty useless stuff like dancers and `` movie enhancements '' . They include an alarm clock which seems nice , but who leaves they 're computer on all night , every day , to use as an alarm clock?Besides all this it 's worth the money for photostory . I used this for my grandfathers birthday party and he loved it . I used old photos and some of his favorite songs and it was very moving . Also , you can now download an update from microsoft which allows you to burn the movie to a cd or dvd . I only gave this four stars because everything else in this is pretty bad , but buy it for photostory .
 When I first heard about Plus ! DME , I said not another ... add on again . Well , I thought wrong , filled with an aray of useful intuitive accessory to make you enjoy your computer more , Plus ! DME is the ultimate add on for Windows XP . It brings the digital divide together on your PC , making you more creative with the it . My favourite app has to be Photo Story , for people who do n't have digital camcoder DME makes itself right at home with your images from your digital camera . With superb transitions and ability to add your favourite song in background make this product a true mater piece . Another favorite is the juke box which turns your PC literally into a kiosk , with backgrounds to suit you taste , you add personal text to make it even more interesting . Other , nice features such as analog recorder are great for turning analog sound or data into digital , also is alarm , which you can personalise with your favorite pack . Oooh , I forgot about the `` Dancers , when you are playing your favorite song wither , hip-hop , classics , any style you can have someone on the desktop entertain with by dancing to that particular , their is one for every type of music , `` plus '' many more to download . The fat guy is my favorite ! Comparing this to the -LSB- $ -RSB- I paid for XP Plus for Windows , I think this is really worth your money , it has a useful feature that makes it a really great product for both the young old . Very entertaining , intuitive , and most of affordable .
 If you prefer applications to games and screen savers , I think DME Plus is a good value at -LSB- money -RSB- when compared to XP Plus . It provides Media Player 9 Party , an alarm clock , dancers and some neat digital photo options . I believe that it attemps to integrate media XP features into standard XP Home OS . That 's not such a bad idea . The jury is still out on whether they have done this or not . I am glad that Microsoft tried and have rewarded them with my purchase . ...
 This is not the most current version of this software ; but since it 's probably still being sold new in places like eBay , I thought I 'd still do a review . I bought this years ago to convert my records to CDs , but just ended up using it this year . I got a terrific Audio-Technica turntable for Christmas that plugs in easily to my PC . This is the software I 'm using to convert the records . It is VERY easy to use , and has VERY easy instructions . The only one problem I had is that sometimes the hiss reduction feature will not be available if the software ca n't detect the spaces between the songs on an album , or if you are playing a 45 . You then have to go back to the recording page , and record the blank area at the end of the record . And believe me , you do n't want to leave out either the pop or hiss clean up ! It 's unbelievable how well they both clean up the record . -LRB- And I find this software far easier to use than the Nero that came with my Sony CD/DVD burner . -RRB- After the software chooses the correct volume , you record whatever songs you want . Most of the time , it has been able to tell the tracks apart on my 33 records . Sometimes it does n't , and sometimes it may break the song apart . But that 's very easy to correct . You also do have to type in the song info , but that 's not a big deal to me . When the music has been downloaded to MY MUSIC , you can then burn it on CD , or go to iTunes and click `` add a file '' to get it in your iPod . The songs sound great on the iPod , too !
 Good Windows XP add-on and now that Photo Story 2 is included it has made it much better ... Basically Photo Story 2 is a program that allows you to take a ton of Photos , narration and sound then export them to a Movie file or CD for sharing with friends and family ... . That program alone is worth the price but you get a whole lot more ...
 I was referred to this from the windowsmoviemakers.net website and I am very pleased with all of the new effects for MM2 . It also came with a lot of neat toys for WindowsXP . I think the best part is that if I were to have purchased the add-ons for Movie Maker from the Pixelan website I would have paid double and gotten a lot less . You really ca n't go wrong for the price .
 I like this software for making slide shows set to music or narration . Easy to use . Has other applications as well , such as cd label making , alarm clock , audio converter , & analog recorder .
 I purchased a download of this software years ago , but wanted a hard copy . Sad that it does not work beyond XP , but it works great on that OS . Most likely , I will keep a computer with XP and this software to use just for music when MS stops the support in '14 since I , mainly , use it for the Analog Recorder . There are other programs , and I have used some of them , but I am partial to this one because it is very user friendly . It serves my purpose .
 I wanted to be able to make a slide show with narration . I wanted the narration to be arbitrary size for each picture . There may be other software out there that do what I need but this is the only one that claims to do it . I have n't used it yet but the documentation indicates that it does everything that I need . You can do the same thing with Windows Movie Maker but resulting file can be much larger with Movie Maker .
 I would n't say that this is the ULTIMATE add-on for Windows XP . It has its share of the usual Plus ! fluff -LRB- Plus ! Dancers ? -RRB- but I use some things -LRB- Analog Recorder and Sync & Go -RRB- on a daily basis.The Analog Recorder functions as a slightly fancier version of the windows sound recorder , but the added features make it useful . Besides simply recording the audio to a windows media audio file , it has options to automatically set the input level and , the feature I find most useful , separate it into tracks based on silent pauses in the audio . It can also try to take out pops and hiss if you want , but honestly I ca n't tell the difference.The Sync & Go feature only works with a Pocket PC . I think it also requires a memory card -LRB- even if it does n't , it requires enough storage space that you 'll want one . -RRB- The content you want updated each time you sync your PDA is chosen from a list of windows media player playlists and a meager list of audio and video -LRB- ~ 15 min of video from nbc nightly news , a short video of msnbc headlines , npr 's hourly news update , clips from comedy central , etc -RRB- that is then downloaded from the internet to your PDA . The selection could be better -LRB- I do enjoy Tom Brokaaaw 's daaaily dose , however . -RRB- I have n't used the other programs included , but I use Analog Recorder and Sync and Go so much that I consider the money well spent . It 's a bargain if you do n't want to pay for a more full-featured version of one of these programs .
 If you keep in mind all that 's included for the price , you really ca n't complain . XP 's visual interfaces have always been appealing , and the components of Plus ! DME are all nicely done and easy to use . I bought it mainly because I was interested in Photo Story , and now that there is a free online upgrade available -LRB- Photo Story 2 -RRB- , you can save projects to edit later . That makes this program much more sensible . It allows final saving in only two formats
 The software on Media Edition has one real gem - Photo Story.You install Photo Story version 1 that comes on the Media Edition disk then get the free upgrade that comes with the ver . 2 Digital Media Edition download upgrade . Photo Story Ver . 2 lets you edit your story until you get it right.Photo Story allows you to easily build a moving jpg slide show with added non-copywrited windows media file music . It writes a wma movie file which you can be transferred to a VCD . It will not write your photo story to a DVD . You can convert your wma movie file to a DVD file with other software . I used MyDVD that came with my Sony DVD writer . MyDVD does a direct conversion from Picture Story 's WMA to a DVD . The songs you buy from Music Match for 99 cents are copyrighted and will not work with Photo Story.Here are some examples of Photo Story ... Photo Story is the way to go until you are ready move to industrial strength slide software like Memories to TV . I doubt I 'll ever need anything better that Photo Story .
 I do n't really use most of the programs in this package ... except Photo Story . Photo Story is incredible ! I have done video CDs for my parents ' wedding anniversary , seniors graduating from high school -LRB- we have two seniors in our private school and will use the stories at graduation -RRB- , a teacher appreciation banquet , etc. . Just hook your DVD player to a projector , and voila ! You 're ready to go . The ability to add music really makes the stories moving . My only complaint is that you are limited to one music track , so if the story is long , the song just repeats itself over and over . Hopefully , with the next upgrade , they 'll add the ability to use more than one music track . That 's the only improvement I see that it needs . Great for creating memories for your family and friends !
 I hate Microsoft , usually . With software that crashes more often than not and a price tag that 's 3 times more than anything else its easy . But I 've got to give it up for this one . I 've only used one product and that 's the Analog Recorder . IMHO its the best thing they 've ever done . I have tons of audio tapes and there was no way I was going back and rebuying them as CDs . This moves all of that stuff onto CD easily and quickly . It can automatically recognize , combine and separate different songs . It even reduces the pop and hiss . After that you just burn and go . At -LSB- money amount -RSB- its more than worth it when you look at how much money you 'll save buying a pack of blank CDs -LRB- -LSB- money amount -RSB- max -RRB- vs all of your cassettes all over again as Cds -LRB- $ $ $ and that 's if you can find them -RRB- .
 This was a great add-on to my Windows XP , it unlocked a whole new experience
 I have seen this product and it is great . One great feature is Photo Story , where you can take your photos and add music , narration , and optional zoom and pan , or let the computer take over . There is Plus ! Dancer which enables tiny people to dance on your desktop to music playing in your Windows Media Player . You have the option to choose many different dancers to dance many different dances . There is the Analog Recorder , which takes you old records and tapes , and makes them sound better , using the input on your sound card . There is the CD Label Maker , which tells what it does by it 's name . There is Party Mode , which is a skin for Windows Media Player , which does not let guests access your files and applications , and they can control the music , and a built in guestbook which scrolls at the bottom of the screen . There are many other applications such as Plus ! Converter and more Windows Media Player skins .
 The description of the product which was Plus ! Digital Media Edition -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- is why I bought it . At this point I was in no rush and did n't worry aout the price of the product . I knew what I would get from the description of the product and the sellers rating because I had previous experience with the product but had no key . Also , I could n't get the product any where or way else . The sale of the product was prompt despite a short delay but early compared to Amazon.com 's prediction of when I would recieve it by . I am thankful and happy that I bought this product . It was everything the description said it would be and what it actually was when I recieved and installed it . The purchase was even responded to with an apology for the short delay which I accept .
 Come to http://www.windowsmoviemakers.net and see what we are making using these new effects.With Plus ! Effects & Transitions for Windows Movie Maker 2 , you get 25 new amazing video effects and 25 new video transitions for Microsoft Windows Movie Maker 2 . What a bonus!MovieMaker
 If you were to buy all of the items included it would cost triple the price . The Plus ! DME is worth it just for the Movie Maker 2 add-ons alone.Already a huge value for only $ 19.95 -LRB- US -RRB- , and there is also a free update for existing customers and new-purchasers includes brand-new features and enhancements for two of the most popular features of Microsoft Plus ! Digital Media Edition , including the new Plus ! Photo Story 2 with Video CD burning and more Plus ! Dancers .
 I had some crash/freeze issues with Norton , so I switched to McAfee . VirusScan and Firewall are really the most useful and seems moderately powerful in par with PCCillin or Norton . I have 1GB ram so have no problem running the programs in the background . Less buggy than last year 's McAfee VS , and works well on both my laptop and desktop . Better to buy the VirusScan/Firewall 2-pack . Pros : Easy to configureIntuitive menusFairly effective firewallOK SpamkillerCons : Expensive -LRB- comparitively -RRB- Privacy Controls buggyBad customer support options
 Very easy to use ! Docs To Go 4.0 enables Palm OS handheld users -LRB- Palm , Handspring , Sony -RRB- to create , view and edit Word and Excel documents and view PowerPoint presentations in one complete package . It provides a competitive advantage for PDA users who want a true mobile office solution !
 Very easy to use ! Docs To Go 4.0 enables Palm OS handheld users -LRB- Palm , Handspring , Sony -RRB- to create , view and edit Word and Excel documents and view PowerPoint presentations in one complete package . It provides a competitive advantage for PDA users who want a true mobile office solution !
 Very easy to use ! Docs To Go 4.0 enables Palm OS handheld users -LRB- Palm , Handspring , Sony -RRB- to create , view and edit Word and Excel documents and view PowerPoint presentations in one complete package . It provides a competitive advantage for PDA users who want a true mobile office solution !
 I 've tried other Office training methods , including books , but this is , by far , the best way to learn the finer points of using Word and Excel . I have struggled with Excel for years , but with this cd , I was able to master it in less than 1 hour . The training was fun and interactive and I would recommend it to anyone .
 I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO THE FULL RELEASE OF WINDOWS XP . I HAVE BEEN RUNNING WINDOWS XP RC2 FOR A COUPLE OF MONTHS , THE INSTALL PROCESS WAS VERY EASY AND USER FRIENDLY . XP DETECTED HARDWARE WITH NO PROBLEMS . I FOUND THE DESKTOP TO BE A NICE REFRESHING CHANGE . HOW EVER , I FOUND IT A LITTLE HARD TO USE AT FIRST ONLY BECAUSE SOME FEATURES THAT YOU HAVE BECOME USED TO , HAVE BEEN LOCATED IN DIFFERANT AREAS OF XP . SO SOME SEARCHING NEEDED TO BE DONE TO FIND SOME FEATURES IN XP . ONE OTHER CONCERN I HAVE IS XP 'S COMPATABILITY WITH GAMES & OTHER SOFTWARE . I DID LOAD NORTON ANTIVIRUS 2000 AND FOUND THAT NORTON DID NOT LIKE XP AND DID NOT WANT TO WORK PROPERLY . I AM A GAMER BUT HAVE NOT HAD THE TIME YET TO LOAD SOME GAMES AND TRY THEM . I WILL EVENTUALLY SOON.OVER ALL , OUNCE I GOT THE FEEL FOR NAVIGATING XP I FOUND WINDOWS NEW OS TO BE A VERY PLEASING XPERIANCE .
 I finally did it . I broke down and bought the software instead of copying it . What a relief !
 Windows XP Business Edition has been exceptionally useful . It enables networked computers to share files that have been placed in shared folders . It seamlessly allows CD-R/CD-RW backup of documents created in compatible word processing programs . The typical upgrade has a few extra bells and whistles that may be of marginal value . If you network computers and are not an IT expert and/or create large documents that you wish to save to disk , Windows XP is for you .
 this is THE OS to run . if you are running any kind of windows , upgrade now ! XP is very stable . my system has crashed once since i installed it , over a month ago . its also very intuitive , by which i mean its very simple to perform tasks . its almost like XP thinks for you . startup and shutdown is fast ! also its very awesome to use with any kind of media . and all the complaints about privacy and MSN.net stuff . . WHO CARES ?!!? i signed up for everything
 I 've already installed windows xp pro . at my pc and i just want to upgrade it if possible .
 I installed this over Windows ME because I bought Visual Basic.NET and it was required to make it run.It installed fine , but be prepared for it to take several hours to install . It does not however require you to interact much . The install is very automatic.You can change the look and feel back to Windows 98 , like I did . This took a bit of hunting to find all the parts but it does work.I have seen other comments about software and hardware problems , so let me address them
 Windows XP Pro is quite arguably the most reliable operating system that Microsoft has come out with yet . Additionally it comes with the option of converting it to a Windows 98SE desktop appearance , for those who do n't want to fuss with learning new instructions to get the old things done . It does so much more though.One note of caution ; do not install XP in an older machine , with older hardware . Your sound card vendor may have stopped making software drivers a long time ago for your now discontinued device . The problem is that they do not want to spend the resources to create drivers for a product that they no longer make . So if you have an old video card , audio card , modem , etc , it quite possibly wo n't work with XP . If you try to install XP you will get all kinds of incompatible error messages . So do yourself a favor and put old wine into old bottles , and new wine into new ones ; consider getting a newer machine if you are going to upgrade to XP . You might wind up spending close to the same amount of money upgrading your components to make it work , as you would to just simply buy a new one . Check with all of your hardware manufacturers to see if they produced XP drivers for your existing hardware . Hope this helps .
 I will admit , although I have a great love for the Apple line , that Microsoft Windows XP is a stable and friendly Operating System . Emerging from the ashes of the 9x line with the NT Kernel , Windows XP builds upon the foundation which 2000 laid.Although I can not say that it is as stable as Mac OS 10.2 -LRB- or 10.1 for that matter -RRB- , I will admit that Windows XP is pretty solid and stable . Coming from a heritage of blue screens of death , XP gives users very few problems . There will always be , because of the vast array of hardware products available -LRB- as well as buggy drivers -RRB- , times when Windows will crash . In my experience , this has indeed happened . However , it definitely does not occur as frequently as it did in the old 9x line . For the most part , I can go for a week without a crash -LRB- or semi-crash -RRB- and this , in itself , makes me happy.The really good thing about XP , especially for a user who is learning the system through the eyes of a Mac OS lover , is that it is extremely user friendly . Although the driver installation process is almost completely foreign to many users , it is not a problem when it is needed because XP explains the processes very well , without confusing users . Also , it is very easy to deal with networking in XP , including wireless networking -LRB- which is extremely nice when you do n't feel like wiring your house for a personal network -RRB- . All in all , compared with its predecessors , XP is based on a much more intuitive interface.So , indeed , even a Macintosh lover can admit that Windows XP is quite a good Operating System . I feel that it is both stable and intuitive , giving it 4 stars out of 5 .
 I loaded Win Pro XP upgrade on a HP Pavilion 8500 , with Win 98 . It was a nightmare . Many of the programs would not load correctly , and getting MS support was nearly impossible . Once I did , I learned about the MS website and updating the system 's BIOS . This was n't in the instructions . Problems still continued and I ended up having to have Best Buy load it . Then my Lucent Win LT modem would not work , after another worthless search for answers on the internet , I bought a new modem and now it works . Win XP Pro may be a better system , but can be a nightmare to load . Check the MS and HP support site before doing so .
 I upgraded to XP over 98 and there were definte pluses and minuses : Pluses - Fixed my printer issues , my reboot issues -LRB- it would NEVER reboot in 98 , it would always hang at the standby screen -RRB- . It has yet to crash on me . It will let you stay logged when switching users -LRB- i.e. you can run programs while another user uses the computer -RRB- . Stable and much faster than 98 Second EditionMinuses - Had to reinstall a few programs -LRB- not many though , and the ones that I did were very easy to do -RRB- . Did not recognize my 3com network card -LRB- I had to go find a new driver on the 3com website ... the Win2k driver works on XP -RRB- . My ATI multimedia center and DVD player wo n't work yet -LRB- ATI is working on XP-compatible drivers -RRB- . Basically , if you have 95 -LRB- God forbid ! -RRB- , 98 or Windows ME , upgrade NOW . This is by far superior to any of those OS 's -LRB- especially ME , the worst OS Microsoft has ever put out -RRB- . If you have 2000 , then it is a judgement call . If 2000 works fine for you , stay with that . If you have issues with gaming or graphics or anything like that , XP is the way to go.I am so far very happy with XP . Now if I can just get my webcam working again ...
 Windows XP has been the best OS from Microsoft yet . It is not perfect , but it does not crash very often . I 'm running XP on 3 computers that are networked . My laptops came with XP , but my desk top came with Windows 98 , which was not very stable -LRB- it crashed daily -RRB- . I tried using ME , but that was the worst operating system ever . Upgrading my older Compaq 667MH Celeron was very easy with XP . I downloaded a XP compatibility checker before installing XP to see what software and drivers were compatable . Downloaded the required updates and Windows XP installed very easy . XP is very easy when it comes to upgrading and installing new hardware.I highly recommend a clean installation when upgrading . Saves a lot of headaches . Also beware that a lot of software that you use with 95,98 , and ME are not compatible with XP . I also recommend having atleast 256MB RAM.The reason I will not give Microsoft XP 5 Stars is that MS does not allow installation on more than one computer and having to activate the product . I 'm buying the software to use as I need , not as Microsoft wants me to use it . That 's like purchasing a Music CD and having to get a activation code and only being allowed to play on your home CD player . Are you listening MR. Gates ????????????????????????????
 I did my 100th upgrade to Windows XP Pro today , for a new client . All 100 installations went smoothly without a hitch , and the 60 + that have been running for over 2 months have been running rock solid . If you are coming from Windows 2000 Professional , expect a slight speed increase -LRB- assuming you have at least 256MB of RAM -RRB- and better stability . None of the installations I have done , ranging from single desktop workstation to servers to WiFi-enabled laptops , has experienced any crash . -LSB- Of course , the fact that I 'm paid to do a good job must have something to do with it . ;-RRB- -RSB- The upgrade price is a bit too steep if you are already running Windows 2000 . If you have Windows 95 , 98 or ME , then you should probably opt for Windows XP Home edition , which is considerably less expensive and just as speedy and stable as the professional edition ... and will make your PC computing life so much more enjoyable.Highly recommended .
 I 've been running Windows XP for MONTHS and it almost NEVER has crashed my PC ... what a welcome change from Win98.On top of being just as stable -LRB- maybe more stable -RRB- than Win2000 , Windows XP has a great looking interface that makes it fast and easy to use , and in particular is great at dealing with digital pictures and music , from fast thumbnails to album cover art ! And Windows Messenger -- with VIDEO CHAT -- is the coolest IM program there is.If you 're on Win98 and have > 64mb , this is a terrific upgrade .
 I upgraded from Windows 98 and it was flawless . After I installed the software it even downloaded all the new drivers off the net and installed them . I have been running XP now for a while and putting it thru the paces , and not one problem has come up . Finally we have a OS that works !
 I have to say that this OS could n't have come at a better time . I was running WinMe on my Dell PIII 866 , and it was a dog . Rife with problems , crashes and just generally slow . I was to the point -LRB- after 3 reloads of Me -RRB- of downgrading to 98se . Then , XP pro came along . It 's remarkably faster in every respect -LRB- from boot-up to my dial-up internet connection -RRB- , stable and a snap to install . I had one minor problem with my Turtle Beach sound card drivers that was quickly remedied by a quick download from TB 's homepage . Other than that small glitch , it was a seemless upgrade.I recommend this OS to anyone who 's running on the Win9x platforms , especially WinMe . Microsoft has finally gotten it right !
 I was skeptical of how good this software would be , but I was won over by the many wonderful features this product contains . I no longer have to install drivers for my peripheral devices . The software makes my camera so easy to use . I just plug my usb cable into my camera and the camera and scanner wizard opens to ask you what you want to do with the pictures . I used to have almost daily bluescreen errors with Windows 98 , but have not had one since I installed Windows XP professional . It is really a wonderful thing .
 I am using one the last Windows Xp betas -LRB- build 2526 -RRB- and it is amazing ... For the first time you can get a reliable OS with a nice Interface . . Yes ... Xp is Beautiful It also include the latest version of common programs like MSN Explorer Internet Explorer 6.0 Windows Media Player 8.0 Another important Xp feature is that it starts fast ... really fast and it load the programs fast too I promise ... you wont be dissapointedBuy it now
 Windows XP PRO RC1 is everything Microsoft said it would be . This is a `` MUST HAVE '' improvement over the WIN 9X series and contains many refinements to WIN 2000 . Say goodbye to compatibility problems forever ! With 512 Megs of ram , release candidate one is running perfectly on my system .
 Microsoft in its own words has stated the release of Windows XP is thee most biggest feat in the companies history.Windows XP the first OS to successfully combine both the 9X and 2K/NT kernels into a solid fun and feature full single Operating System both for the home user and also for business.Windows XP Professional and Home Edition will revolutionalize your everyday computing experience whether it is in a office on a big network or your kids at home playing the latest in rich media features found in Windows XP.New to the handsome new OS are many new features.Windows XP has finally tossed the old looking grayish boring icons and filled the OS with new colorful pleasant looking icons , The start menu has been replaced with a brand new look called the Start Panel . So if you would like a whole new eXPerience in computing i highly recommend choosing Microsoft Windows XP .
 Ok , I 've had the opportunity to use this OS for 2 days now . I 'm having hardware compatibility difficulties . Difficulties which can not be overcome unless I buy `` XP Compatible Hardware '' . I knew this was coming because I had the same problems with Win2k but XP has been a surprise.I think if you can get a good deal -LRB- and have enough compatible hardware -RRB- the upgrade is worth it.I have a Zoom Winmodem -LRB- mf 'd 1998 -RRB- that took an average of 40-50 seconds to get online with Win98 . It now takes about 10 seconds or less , depending on how temperamental my modem is behaving.Many of the improvements in XP are very subtle . Graphics appear sharper , and there are options such as `` font smoothing '' and `` large font '' settings which can help to improve the way text and pictures look on your monitor . This is a subtle improvement , but not one that is going to get `` hyped up '' by publications because it 's not a flashy feature . Some people say this feature set alone is worth the upgrade.There are many customization options such as whether or not you want to have a list of `` Most frequently used files '' as well `` Most frequently used Applications '' . And you have a bevy of Themes to choose from if you want to change the color of your `` Windows '' . I 'm surprised at how `` Geared Up '' XP is for pictures . There is a built in screen saver which you can setup to show pictures from the `` My Pictures '' directory . When you goto the `` My Pictures '' directory , you have the ability to quickly View the pictures as a slide show by simply clicking on the command line.I did a printout of an email I received before the XP Upgrade and it 's obvious there are improvements in the printing quality . The print appears darker , sharper , and more contrasty.Websurfing seems to be quicker . I do n't have to wait quite as long for pages to download . One annoying feature is the `` Netscape Smartdownload '' . I deleted that feature as it failed to get the job done satisfactorily.The new look of XP on the whole is very slick , fresh , sophisticated , and inviting ! I wish I could change the color of the Start button as the Green color clashes with the `` Silver Metallic '' theme I am using.One interesting feature is whenever you put in a CD into your CD Drive , XP does a quick scan . You can see it scanning all the files in a little window . Then a box pops up asking you what you want to do next . You can open up Explorer and view the contents of the CD , you can do nothing , you can output all the files to your `` My Pictures '' folder , and several other options which I can not remember.I like this feature because it saves me a step . I usually have to goto Explorer anyways to view the files on a CD-ROM . Now a box pops up allowing me to do this without having to goto the start menu.On the surface , many people say XP is not worth the upgrade . I would agree if you are using Win2k and are happy with it . However , if you are using Win98 the improvements you will see as well as the programs you will be getting will make it worth it.Sproutt
 After struggling with Windows 95/98/2000 I was ready to kick myself for even considering installing windows XP RC1 but am I glad I did . This Windows is the one , a no brainer install , unheard of hardware and software compatibility -LRB- if it does not work XP lets you know in advance or makes it work for you -RRB- and XP actually found updates for my software and hardware that was not Microsoft . With Win98 my cd burner constantly crashed , with XP no crashes or errors and my copy speed have improved . I have used XP RC1 and RC2 for about two months and my computer has not locked up or crashed once -LRB- compared to Win 98 's daily freeze -RRB- . Because I use my computer for business and personal the option to switch users without logging off allows me to work on a project while also planning my garden , search for a meal plan or send an instant message to my daughter.To conclude Windows XP is the most stable Microsoft product I have ever used . I like the cleaner user interface and the new help center that can be configured to search for help on other web pages . My only concern was about the new XP activation . I have had to reactivate once because of a system failure but as long as Microsoft continues to provide a toll-free number along with the considerate customer support I received I do not see a problem with calling to request a new key after major system changes.Congratulations Microsoft you have finally lived up to all the hype you have feed the public for so many years .
 I recently purchased a laptop with Windows XP pre-installed . I have been very pleased . The program seems to run much more smoothly than previous versions , and it has a new slim-line look . It is superior for veiwing DVDs , editing digital films , or even the casual word processing . It is very user friendly , with upgraded tutorials and online help included . Mr. Gates certainly has outdone himself this time ... With every product , however , comes disadvantages . I have only found two . First , since it is not DOS based , it is unable to run many old video games . However , by not beind DOS based it is more userfriendly and dependable . Secondly , the graphics orientated nature can really drain a battery.I highly recommend upgrading to this product . I am sure you will not be disappointed . However , if you are , you can just go into control panel and tell it to run like Windows 98 !
 This edition of Windows XP is primarily business oriented , but there are certain features that would be useful in the Home Edition of Windows XP . Example of this would be remote desktop , an amazing feature that allows you to actually control your computer from another computer running Windows XP Pro . Why I do not recommend it for most home users is the architecture of the operating system itself . Certain features such as Administrative tools -LRB- turned on by default in XP Pro -RRB- would not be recommended for a family PC , if you have a child and he or she enters the Administrative tools and alters any component of the services feature , it can totally ruin your PC . In terms of general functionality Windows XP is `` awesome '' , features worthy of this word include multiple users , beautiful graphical user interface , and easier access to programs . The `` start menu '' , in previous Windows it was like you had to climb a mountain before you reached the programs menu , now that 's not ease of use ! In Windows XP just click the `` start menu '' and you are right at the program menu , now that 's ease of use ! When it comes in comparison to previous versions of Windows such as 95 , 98 , NT , `` ME '' and even 2000 , it 's really worth the upgrade . Windows 95 to ME crashed tremendously NT was horrible on laptops and its basically kind of outdated now , 2000 does not support enough drivers . But overall for the person who travels a lot and needs to either retrieve information from their home or business computer , Windows XP Pro is very good . For performance , I recommend a 500 MHz processor , 128 MB 's of memory , anything lower than that you wo n't be installing much software on that machine . Remember Windows XP requires a lot of resources , in terms of processor speed and memory . If you want to take advantage of some of the features in XP , I suggest that you have a CD burner , you get more out of XP . My pictures has been totally redesigned for integration with online services , you take pictures and upload them to websites for editing e.g. `` KODAK '' . It 's not a terrible operating system like I have read in most reviews , but the architecture of the operating system is more business oriented . For users of previous versions of Windows I recommend you buy the Upgrade instead of the full version of Windows XP rather than spend hard earned money buying the full version , because your getting the same thing . If you used 98 , ME and want reliability , stability , and ease of use , go for the Home Edition . Persons using NT and 2000 I suggest they upgrade to XP Pro . I like Windows XP Pro a lot ; it 's better than the Home Edition in minor features . I 'm going to buy it soon but for now I 'm going to stick with Windows XP Home . It all depends on the user and the environment , as simple as that .
 I 've found Windows XP to be solid and dependable . It literally worked right out of the box -LRB- on multiple systems -RRB- , with almost no disappointments -LRB- only one very old device did n't work ... the new driver has yet to be made available -RRB- . Two-factor authentication , Kerberos , IPSec , EFS , etc. all work like champs.There truly is a lot new in Windows XP . Here 's some of what I like
 If your running Win98 or Win ME I would recommend the upgrade to XP . If you just use your PC for everyday email , word processing etc. then you can save money and go with XP Home Edition . However , if you are use to NT or Windows 2000 I would recommend XP Professional for the added administrative features.I 've been using XP since RC1 and it has been rock solid . For a home pc it is the operating system of choice . For business users you can stay with Windows 2000 and do just fine as XP is just a more user friendly version of 2000 . The XP interface is cleaner but offers nothing special . It takes a little while to find all your favorite old setup features as they are kind of hidden in different areas.Unless your planning on purchasing a new PC I would recommend picking up XP , as long as your current PC has at least 128 megs of RAM .
 I recently upgraded to Windows XP . I must say I have no regrets . Its STABLE and manages memory resources better than previous versions.I had to upgrade a few softwares and drivers , but that 's okay . XP told me up front what was compatible and what was n't . Buy it now , you wo n't regret it .
 I purchased WindowsXP . The UI is decent , the new changes are nice . But they seem more novice than for people already comfortable with a WindowsNT/Windows2000 based o/s . So I set them back to the default ` classic ' styles . They just seem easier to navigate through , and easier to use , for myself.I had no problems installing hardware ... infact , it knew what things like my Sony DCS85 Digital Camera were , etc. . Therefore hardware compatibility is great . PPPoE included for broadband , which is great , with 2K one must find a copy of the protocol written by some ... random person.The only issue I have with it , it opens software fast , which is good . But my Alias | wavefront Maya is clunky in XP . It 's not just a little ... but excessively . Therefore I suppose I 'll be doing all my Maya work in Win2000 . Which is kind of a drag , because that means I need to reboot everytime I want to use Maya . Every other application runs smoothly . I 've no other issues with it . It 's nice .
 ICS in WinXPHello , I wanted to let you know that I have compleated testing the Win XP ICS -LRB- Internet Connection Sharing -RRB- setup.I have connected two computers together . The Main Computer connects directly thru a network card to a cable modem.The second computer connects thru the second network card on the main machine.The Second Computer also has WIN XP and setup for ICS just like the first using DHCP mode.The only problem which dows not affect the connection is that on the main machine , the network card connected to the cable modem says it 's running at 10.0 Mbs speed -LRB- may be cable modem -RRB- while the second network card says it 's running at 100.0 Mps.The speeds of both machines seem to be as fast as when using Win 98 and therefore are not affected by this problem.Windows XP will run some games -LRB- Microsoft , Microprose -RRB- but when I run the ` ONI ' Game , it seems to be a driver problem that I have to look into.I am using Optonline to connect to internet and have run Hotmail -LRB- which I am using to type this -RRB- and Windows Messenger.I have run Norton Utilities 2002 which works . I ran Mechwarriors from Microsoft -LRB- Graphic Intensive -RRB- with no problems . Works with Need for Speed Porche Unleased and Quake III.Overall , I thing that Win XP is worth buying when the full version comes out .
 Microsoft has again created a superb product ! An extremely stable operating systems with all the built in features one has come to expect from Microsoft . I would highly recommend anyone with a PC purchase this product to increase computer power with only one great program !
 I have seen Windows XP on action at a computer fair where microsoft was present , and I must say that Windows XP has very nice new features like a re-stylished start bar , very good looking i must say , and the edge of windows ... It also has many improvements from the technology side , like its faster than Windows 2000 and the internet is easy to use on this Operating System . I rate it 5 stars ... I think this is a product you HAVE TO buy !
 Although I have used many versions of Windows , I have found this one the easiest to use of them all . They have changed many things in Windows XP , although some familiar , most seemed strange and mysterious . The colors have been changed drasticlly -LRB- When you first start up a fresh install , you are greeted by a Green Start Button and a Blue Taskbar -RRB- as well as curves in places there were no curves . This final build -LRB- 2600 -RRB- is polished and works well with MOST of my other applications . My Roller Coaster Tycoon
 After finding out that Linux does NOT and has NO functionality to speak of . I purchased XP-Pro upgrade . To sum it all up , one word - AWESOME ! Do yourself a favor and try this , it is plug and play to the extreme , is fast booting up and tons of applications available . Also purchased was Office 2003 Professional , the email client OUTLOOK is the best to date.Overall , you can not go wrong with Windows XP-Pro .
 hehe I am glad I upgraded , as the system is very stable ... much better than the Win 98se I had before .
 Review not necessary , outstanding product . If you are running Home Edition , I would recommend upgrading to XP Pro , if you can afford it .
 When I installed my Windows XP OS , it was pretty flawless until ... my sound card -LRB- C-Media -RRB- did n't work at first . There were drivers available for it , and it worked well . My motherboard was n't all that flawless , until I found the drivers on the manufacturer 's website . The thing is my machine was built with Windows ME-2000 on my mind , so XP had its share of problems . On behalf of XP , I have to say my printer worked fine from minute 1 , and the overall stability of the system is improved . Too bad the Blaster virus was invented , you need to download the vaccine asap . RedHat Linux is a better choice in my opinion , but I ca n't listen to baseball games since there 's no good Real Player available for it , and I could n't make my Alcatel DSL Modem to work in it . If you 're an average user , XP is recommendable but be aware you might find several problems , even more if you 're trying to run older software or using older hardware . The best solution is buy a new one and pop it into it . And please , if you 're going to upgrade , REFORMAT YOUR HARD DRIVE AND CONVERT IT INTO NTFS !
 Microsoft did good finally . XP is very stable so far and performs very nicely . Interface is much better over previous versions .
 Many people look down at Microsoft soley because of their little `` monopolizing '' problem . I agree in some ways but hey , when a company makes as good products as these , you can not complain . Ever since Windows 95 came out , Windows 98 , SE , and Windows ME were all just based on the orginal taking out some minor flaws . For this , Microsoft completely re-wrote the code and all . This OS is very innovative and very easy to use . Installation was a breeze . Only down side was Product Activation which is a pain . But once you get past that , your down a smooth road . Windows XP is fully customizable which is so cool . The interface is very good looking . The OS is very stable unlike ME or 98 . I rarely get errors now . Ending Tasks and Switching is easier and less complex then ever before . Reason I gave it a 4 ? The price is very steep and because of Product Activation , you will have to buy a copy for each computer you own in your house -LRB- I have three but I can not imagine how bad it is for some people -RRB- . All in all , this OS is a good investment for many computer users .
 and have n't crashed ! I am running WinXP Pro RC2 -LRB- Pre release -RRB- and have n't experienced a crash for three weeks now . When I first installed , had many issues . But , once the kinks are worked out , they stay worked out ! And that is better than ANY MS product has ever done . I give 5 stars because it is the best they have made yet !
 Microsoft finally has an operating system they can be proud of ! Rock solid stability and a fresh new look make this one sweet OS ! Get it now ! 10 out of 10 !
 Very impressive new operating system by Microsoft . Definately worth the cost . This version is much more stable , compatible , and secure than any prior version of Windows .
 Finally , a Microsoft upgrade worthy of your hard-earned dollars . For those who skipped Windows 2000 and Windows ME , this is the upgrade you 've been waiting for.By integrating the user-friendliness of the Win9x series with the stability of the NT code , Microsoft has finally created an upgrade that will make you feel like you did when you switched from Win 3.1 to Win95.From being able to control the PC from anywhere needing only Internet Explorer 4.0 to the much enhanced and tweaked GUI to the simple things , like being able to connect to an online game of checkers with having to do anything special besides clicking an icon . With WindowsXP high compatibility with tons of different hardware and software it blows away Windows 2000 . And it 's stability surpasses Windows ME by leaps and bounds.I can guarantee , WindowsXP will give you the most bang for your buck and may even perhaps build up your confidence that Microsoft can build an excellent OS after all .
 Since the release of Windows 95 , there have been few additions to MS 's OS 's that have been so compelling to upgrade to . After Beta Testing the Professional version of Windows XP Professional , I can say that even in beta , Microsoft has this operating system nailed . A rock solid , stable environment on which all PC 's I have installed it on have had performance ratings soar . Microsoft has lowered necessay software installs on top of th e OS by adding native DVD and cd-r/rw support built rightin to the os . It is visually stunning , the first overhaul of the UI since the introduction of windows 95 . The new interface is fresh and intuitive , while the stability and useful features add value to the OS . Sure to please , your sytem will thank you for it .
 I 've been running Windows XP beta 2 for almost 2 months now as my home computer OS . I 've only had one software conflict with it so far , and that was with Office XP . It 's rock solid and easy to use . I 'm looking forward to the final release for both home and the office .
 I 'm currently running a BETA of Windows XP , build 2505 . I 'm writing the review on it right now and it 's very impressive . Microsoft still has a few more bugs to work out but it 's a very solid product . Some new features I like are that the clock automatically syncs up with the government 's official time and the new `` Luna '' look to XP . I only give it 4 stars now because there are still some bugs but I 'm confident that this will be a 5 star product in October .
 WIndows XP , is a great upgrade , mandatory for Windows 9X users and High Performance PCs . The Music and Pictures Folder is way cool and overall I forgot was reboot was . I 've been runinng RC1 Beta code and it 's very reliable .
 Windows XP pulls the best from both worlds
 XP Pro was the easiest upgrade of a Windows OS I 've ever done ! The only hardware that did n't have a driver was my monitor , and I used the Win2K driver from Viewsonic 's site for that with no problems . My games run faster , and no more lockups . XP is based on the NT/2K kernel , so it 's much harder to crash than Win9x systems . The built in firewall is a no-brainer to use , networking our home systems was as easy as ever , and the new interface -LRB- while taking some getting used to -RRB- , is easier on the eyes than the old squared-off one.Don ' t let WPA -LRB- Windows Product Activation -RRB- throw you off it either . It 's just a hash value of your hardware -LRB- no personal info -RRB- , and minor upgrades do not require re-activation . And if you ever do have to re-activate by phone , they do n't hassle you about the hardware changes.If you 're fairly computer literate , you wo n't be happy with the Home Edition , as it 's not as network configurable as Pro . The wizards in both versions can be a bit dumbed down , but experienced users will know how to re-arrange things to their liking , and wizards generally only have to be run once anyway.My only main complaint was with my Abit KT7 motherboard 's USB ports , XP and my Logitech WebCam . I had to disable 2 of the 4 ports and use an add-on PCI USB card to keep the camera working . Hopefully Abit , XP and Logitech will have that fixed by release though ... if not , the PCI card is n't that much , so it 's not a big problem.All in all , I recommend this upgrade to anyone with a fairly current system -LRB- 128MB is my minimum recommendation -RRB- , who 's tired of blue screens in Win9x -LRB- 95,98 , ME -RRB- or had gaming problems in Win2K .
 Windows XP is by far the best Windows operating system to date . This OS is wonderful ! It does so many different things , and the best part is that it does n't crash ! I 've had a lot of programs lock up , and they are easily shut down in less than 5 seconds . The best part is , that Microsoft took out the infamous `` Blue Screen of Death '' it 's gone now ! The best part is that it comes with a lot of built in features that are like a lot of Norton Utilities . The great thing about this version is the fact that you do n't have that stupid Microsoft activation code , so that you can install it on many different computers !
 Buy it ! This is the first time in memory that my computer has actually worked -LRB- dare I say all the time ? -RRB- . The only problem with installation was that according to the screen it would be completed in fourteen minutes but actually took several hours . This installation resolved several problems with different applications which now work almost flawlessly . I saved enough time to pay for this software several times over within the first few weeks of use . Sure , some of my hardware appears to be incompatible , but that is a small price to pay given the superior performance . Also , I believe this will allow me to put off replacing my computer for another year .
 If you want a rock solid PC , with all the funcitionality and rock solid stability then you need Windows XP Professional.I am so impressed with it , I bought Windows XP Professional for my mother who is 61 years old . She can actually use and is very pleased . It has been trouble free and best of all she can use her digital camera with it without any problems.Best of all is the software selection , there are thousands of software titles for Windows XP ! I was so pleased to see the support for Windows XP , the plug and play is wonderful.MS hit a home run and then some with Windows XP Professional , it is just PERFECT!I recommend Windows XP for anyone wanting a rock solid operating system ...
 I 've bgeen involved with the WINXP development cycle for the last year . Started out with Beta # 1 , then Beta # 2 , and then finally on to RC1 and RC2 . I have been impressed with all four versions . I installed the `` full release '' on a 500Mhz system running WIN2K Pro . This system would not support all the devices running under the WIN9x family , such as DVD drives , or several of my legacy devices -LRB- eg , a UMAX 2000P scanner , etc -RRB- . When I upgraded to WINXP Pro , those devices became accesable again . All the drivers had been upgraded and updated . All the devices which I had to hang off an old WIN98 systsem -LRB- which crashed every two days ... man did I want get rid of that peice of junk -RRB- are now supported under WINXP.But , seriously , if you are a WIN9x user ... this is a must . The stability of the product is even better that WIN2K -LRB- which is far better than WIN9x -RRB- . The interface is much crisper than the WIN9x versions . As for security ... sorry , in today 's age of bradband network access , everyone has to become a `` semi '' security specialist . Even so , WINXP goes a long way to improve the default settings of the OS -LRB- it 's actually much better than WIN2K -RRB- . Is this perfect ... no , but better than before.As for implementation ... it was a breeze . Started the porcess , came back 30 minutes later , and everything was done . The much faulted registration process took about 30 seconds to complete.Overall , my impression of the product is very positive . I will upgrading the rest of the PC 's at home to WINXP Pro over the next few weeks based on my experience -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . My comment to the people who do n't like the price ... do n't pay it . It 's a free world . No one is forcing you to upgrade . As for Linux ... as soon as there are any half decent , working applications , it may be a viable OS . Until then , I 'm sorry , but I 'm sticking WINXP .
 There is still some room for improvement , especially in multimedia interfacing , and a couple other areas , else would get five starts , but read on ... I 've been running Win98SE , and then WinME and have been absolutely sickened by the 5-10 daily crashes of my computer that is a Gateway G6-400 with 192MB of RAM . It 's been this way for 2-3 years.I ran the compatibility software and there were to many non-compatible problems . My SIIG parallel/serial expansion card , my HP PSC380 , my 3ComImpact IQ ISDN Modem , and others including various programs were flagged . Thus I opted out of upgrading to WinXP at that time.However , I did initially upgrade to Win 2000 Pro , because I was able to find drivers for everything except my HP PSC380 which lost all it 's multifunction capabilities and only functions as a printer . But was unhappy with Win 2000 Pro , which plainly sucked even with fewer crashes.Surprise , surprise upon running the compatibility checker after my Win 2000 upgrade . Everything was compatible except for 2 items which were easy to upgrade . I 've only had problems with a single program -LRB- Picture Works that came with 3Com HomeConnect Webcam that is no longer in business -RRB- . Thus , by first upgrading to Win2000 Pro , the compatibility issues nearly disappeared.Thus I suspect you can upgrade most noncompatible hardware using Win2000 drivers and get rid of your non-functioning hardware . *********** A few words of advice . During upgrade it tells you to remove certain programs before upgrading . DO THIS ! I spent hours editing my registry and deleting files by hand since the uninstallers somehow did n't work well after the upgrade , even after I loosened restrictions . ******************************* So everything works fine except the HP printer/scanner/copier which became a printer . -LRB- Actually I find that HP did n't provide updated drivers for many of their printers . They want to sell more printers instead of give away free drivers . -RRB- I 've lost faith in HP and now look to Canon for my printing needs.So , I did the upgrade because there were still so many problems problems with Win 2000 Pro on my system . I upgraded to WinXP 5.1 -LRB- Build 2600 -RRB- . It 's WinXP Pro.I have to say the system is amazing in comparison to WinME . I can start up many programs and do n't get the unannounced lock due to lack of system resources . I 've only had to reboot due to system problems one time in two weeks now . The system runs for days at a time . All the little issues with Win2000 -LRB- I wo n't list here -RRB- were magically fixed.In short , it now works they way it should have been working 10 years ago . I guess what is most amazing is that without any reformatting of my harddisk I went this route Win98SE - > WinME - > Win2000 Pro - > WinXP Pro , and it works like a brand new system . Quick and slick.The Pro version has some nice networking features . Also there is a built-in firewall that works well -LRB- tested using freeware at grc.com -RRB- that is also in the Home edition . The multimedia capabilities are slick , but still not perfected . I have two digital cameras -LRB- Sony DSC-P1 and Olympus C-3040 -RRB- and both connect with no added actions via USB . Downloading pictures to the computer is simple and quick.I 'm not sure of the reason why but I 've noted that Internet logon , downloads and page-viewing all occur much faster now . IE 6 maybe behind the page-viewing speedup , but not sure why downloads and logon go so fast now -LRB- of course I 'm running ISDN at 230.4 k -RRB- . The DOS window is gone , and no DOS program will function . However , for command line driven programs -LRB- I 'm a Java Programmer you see -RRB- , there is a command-line window that works identically.Most functionality is easy to figure out . I checked out several tips/tricks on the C N E T website and realized I had already found them on my own except for one.There is a nifty multi-account function so you can set up user accounts with limited functionality . This is great for my 4 yo who can no longer reek havoc upon getting bored with Thomas ' Great Festival Adventure . I lock out nearly all functionality and rest easy . I create a guest account and the screen savor locks out the main account and a passerby can still use a guest account while your programs run happily in the background unreachable by the guest.This is good because I can chat with lots of opposite sex people in the Inet and you-know-who ca n't pop in unannounced and see all my chats if I 've stepped away for a few minutes.The interface is easy to change as all that sky blue ... wears thin quickly on your visual centers.Overall , I 'm ecstatic about WinXP Pro , but admit , this is the way the opsys should have operated all along . Stabile , fast , intuitive.I want to give MS a kudo , but ... all I can utter is , `` It 's about ... time ! ''
 I am a software developer and I use microsoft technologies . I have been using windows 95 , 98 , me , 2000 but I never really was as much happy with any microsoft OS yet until I upgraded my home pc to xp , which I bough in October 2000 . Now my PC , which is Sony VAIO machine by the way , is much faster and I have too many programs loaded on my desktop . It boots much faster than even windows 2000 . I think the memory management in xp is also really improved than windows 2000 . It is a worth product . Buy it unless you have a very old machine .
 Just a word of advice , you must use the Professional Edition if trying to upgrade from Windows 2000
 Windows XP Professional has to be the most robust , fastest OS from Windows yet . On my Gateway Essential 1.1 Ghz 384 MB of Ram it loads windows in about 7 seconds , with personal settings . You can select your name from a list of names you personalize , and it will load your files . Not just does it load your desktop , it loads your files , which means you basically have a section of your personal hard drive . Its been running 3 days now as a web server , and has n't crashed yet , which is a big step from ME . My friend decided he could n't use XP due to his Boston Aucustics speakers due to updated drivers from Gateway , and he clicked uninstall , and it loaded back up in 20 seconds as ME . One downside to all this is that if you are one of the office users that finds the computer a complex item , you might not want this . Instead of opening a file from C : \ Windows \ Desktop \ Kris \ Review.doc you will be opening `` C : \ Documents and Settings \ All Users \ Desktop \ Kris \ Review.doc '' , and If you find the new file system hard , dont upgrade . Otherwise this Operating System is the most personal , customizable OS out yet.-Kris
 Windows XP Pro is great . Not only does it offer the benifits of windows NT 's stability , but it 's also as software-friendly as 98 was . I give it four stars because
 If you have 98 or ME and if your PC meets the minimum specs , buy it today . It is an absolute must . The stability is in a different league from the old versions . However , make sure and REMOVE ALL PROGRAMS THAT WINDOWS SAYS ARE INCOMPATABLE . I left several on because I figured I 'd see if I could get anything out of them . Well , now I ca n't uninstall them . XP still works fine , but now I have the orphaned programs taking up valuable disk space . Also , if you do n't like the `` Fisher Price '' looking interface , you can set it back to the classic look . Looks the same , works better .
 Perhaps I 've become so jaded that all Windows systems now look the same.I 'm ashamed to say just what was the first version of Windows I used but I will go on record stating that I have owned Windows 95 , 98 , ME and now XP.As it is an Upgrade , I suppose that 's why there is no significant difference once I get going . On the plus side however , there is a big improvement on starting up . It loads almost immediately . Negatives ? Well , what you gain in booting up , you lose in logging off . It is the slowest process yet ! And XP did not find either my PALM Pilot or my Iomega Zip drive although both have been attached to the computer since Windows 98 . Is it different ? No . It looks , feels and acts the same . Is it better ? Well , it seems to me that Windows ME managed to get the crash bugs out of it so here 's hoping that this version is just as reliable . But I would n't have noted this as a major improvement over previous versions so , if you 're happy with 98 , 2000 or ME , do n't expect this to be the Promised Land .
 Win XP Pro really is as stable as can be and in many respects a joy to use . I set up a dual boot system so I can still access my Windows 98 Second Edition -- all data is on a D drive common to both operating sytems -- and I ca n't go back to using Win 98 ! Be forewarned , though , that upgrading is perilous . Be prudent and either copy your entire hard drive to another back up hard drive , or add another C partition with a copy of your C drive onto which you will upgrade to Windows XP Pro -LRB- use Partition Magic -RRB- . The reason for this that while the XP upgrade is really smooth , there are a lot of gotchas once you have upgraded . Before you do anything , run the compatibility checker and download all the new drivers and new versions of software it recommends . You will have to uninstall NOrton Systemworks and any anti-virus program , WinFax Pro , and some other utilities BEFORE installing XP -- and then reinstall them later.What you will find is that while XP makes everything run faster and more stably , you will have a tough time getting used to the new interface and finding the tweaks you may be used in previous versions of Windows . Gates has determined that you WILL compute his way or the highway . That said , Windows XP is so enjoyable to work in that I ca n't go back to Windows 98 . And I can even get a pan and scan virtual desktop in XP with the ATI Radeon 7500 and 8500 video cards -- something you are n't supposed to be able to do .
 I have had XP on my Dell system for over 2 years now and have had NO problems with it . Yes , when I installed XP , I had some hardware that needed newer drivers and I have software that wo n't run . The software was designed for DOS use only and will not run in a DOS Shell , never did , even with 95 . The drivers were simply XP/2000 specific drivers rather than the 95/98/ME that were initially installed by Dell with ME . ME crashed all the time for no apparent reason . To this day -LRB- 12/27/2003 -RRB- , XP has simply never crashed . If you have an older PC , there are some major considerations as XP is NOT 100 % `` backward '' compatible . However , if you bought your NEW computer with-in the last 3 years , you should be fine . For the most part , I have found that software with the `` made for Windows '' logo works fine , Norton AV being the exception . You must have a 2001 or newer version of Norton . If upgrading your system from ME/98 and have Norton , you should uninstall Norton first , then re-install after the upgrade is complete . I saw another review here about Norton2004 not working after upgrading Windows . Since I do n't have 2004 I ca n't be certain , but I say the same as for other versions , uninstall first and be sure it is Norton2001 or newer . Also , some software may need updates to function properly under XP , especially if the software was specifically intended for 95/98/ME . This is not another version of the 95/98 flavor , but rather a complete restructuring that brings tried and true technology out of the corporate world and into your home . If you own older hardware , such as a printer or scanner , you should visit the manufacturer 's web site for those devices to insure compatibility , NOT MICROSOFT . While Microsoft does have a hardware compatibility list , the nonexistence of a particular device does n't indicate incompatibility . Microsoft simply can not guarantee compatibility of the thousands of products on the market.Enjoy !
 While Windows XP is viewd by many as a great operating system , there are several flaws , but the average consumer will probably never notice . If you 're planning on upgrading to XP , you should really make sure you have at least 256mb of RAM , 512mb is even better . XP is resourse hungry and really needs more RAM than Microsoft states in order for it to run smoothly and eliminate crashes . It does require more processing power too , but this should not be a problem for most newer systems . I would however not recommend running it on anything less than a 1.0 gig machine .
 Windows XP Home and Pro are 100 % identical , except that `` Pro '' costs much more and has a few additional features . If you do n't need these features , stick with the Home version .1 -RRB- Support for Windows domains
 Microsoft Windows XP professional Upgrade is great , it is visually appealing , simple to use , and depending how much of a computer buff you are , makes it easier than ever to connect all your periphals with your computer.However , there are downsides to XP that have really annoyed me about the program . Because XP has been built on a different platform , unlike other editions , such as 98 and ME , with XP you will probably find that you will have to download new drivers for your software . While XP comes with many drivers of objects it is n't always recommended that you use Microsoft XP 's built in drivers , as there not always the best option.Ie the drivers for my Hewlett Packard 930c printer were n't compatible with XP so I used XPs drivers , with their drivers my printer printed at a much slower rate and used a lot more ink because of the fact that they are n't the proper drivers for the printer.The intergration of the Operating system is great with such programs as messenger.Finally as a tip , I recommend that you reboot your computer when you install XP , as your comptuer will run at its peak peformance with the new operating system .
 Windows XP , the latest edition of Microsoft 's cash cow , is actually very good . Finally , Microsoft has taken the old Windows 9x series , removed the crashes , added security , and done what they should have done a long time ago , release a truly great OS . Finally consumers will be able to enjoy the NT stability , but with an OS that is unparalleled in terms of usability . Great job MS !
 As I said , still the best operating system . Not perfect by any means , but less bulky than Vista , less buggy than 7 , and far , far better than 8 . I have tried the others , and have gone back and reloaded XP . I intend to keep it as long as I can .
 As much as I like Vista , and I do have Vista-64 on my media computer , I still like using XP-Pro on my work computer . It is solid as a concrete highway without fast running water under it -LRB- in other-words , it does have its vulnerabilities -RRB- , but far better than any other windows product out there .
 Most would agree that Windows is the best OS . There is little doubt that this the the best of Windows . It was created to address security issues , OK so no one is perfect . This OS already has more patches than a veteran hobbo . Still , it is leaps and bounds ahead of 98 and especially preferable to XP Home .
 Microsoft introduced a new feature in Windows 2000
 As a current user of Windows XP -LRB- RC2 -RRB- , I must say that Microsoft has made many improvements . Intergrated software for DVDs , CDRs , Firewall , Remote support -LRB- think Pc-Anywhere -RRB- , multiple indepedent users , return of DOS support -LRB- win2k did n't have -RRB- , 3D power of 98/ME , faster boot up time -LRB- from win2k -RRB- , etc. . . The only complaint people have is the registration procees which limits you to only being able to installing it on at most one desktop and one laptop , and requiring you to register -LRB- or call if your re-installing , or have changed 5 + hardware components -RRB- . Just Great over all.Salarn
 I 've been using Release Candidate 2 -LRB- RC2 -RRB- for about two months . This OS FINALLY makes your computer work the way it SHOULD . I NEVER crash . I 've used every single other OS from Microsoft . This is the one we 've been waiting for . It 's like someone finally said , `` hey , this is the way it should be . '' RC2 is the early version of Professional version - so I do n't know what 's different/missing from the Home version . The only issue I have -LRB- ugh -RRB- is that I ca n't install it on both my home and my office machines . Microsoft 's attempts to eliminate software piracy have truly affected the single user with 2 or 3 machines -LRB- as opposed to corporate purchasers -RRB- . I do n't know if I 'd go out to buy a second copy for home installation , though -- I 'd probably go out and buy a new machine fist , with XP -LRB- Home -RRB- pre-loaded . Bottom line is that XP is seemless . Third party software support should catch up in time . There was only ONE driver that I had to wait for -LRB- ATI-TV Tuner -RRB- -- the rest of my hardware worked with the pre-loaded drivers or with the W2K drivers I had previously downloaded for my prior OS.Everything just seemed to work right .
 I have two computers-a hp that is two years old with windows me which i upgraded to xp pro , then i have my new dell dimension which was preinstalled with windows xp pro . My dell is super fast , i have n't had a bug , and i have no problems . The only problem with my other computer was that msconfig would n't load right . However , be prepared to wait a while if you have to replace a computer hard drive on microsoft 's tech line . It is a must because with the high security microsoft has on this software -LRB- well , any program like Windows and Office which you have to activate -RRB- because your installation number will not be accessible . I learned that with my old hp.I have used all windows operating systems -LRB- 3.1 , 95 , NT , 98 , 982E , 2000 , ME , XP Home , and XP Pro -RRB- and this program is so stable that I can run 6 windows at one time and multitask like there was never a tomorrow on my new dell . However , to be that productive , you must have AT LEAST 256 DDR Ram to run proficiently .
 I ama computer builder and owner of 16 computers . I own every single Windows operating system except Windows 3.1 . Windows XP is the most stable operating sytem there is . The only thing that comes close is Windows 2000 Pro , but it has many compatiblity issues . Windows XP boots extremely fast , about twice that of Win 2000 and leaves 95,98 , ME behind . The only issue that you must BE VERY CAREFULL about is memory . The minimum requirements are very low , but remember that they are minimum and therefore if you are vry close to the minimum requirements it is going to run slow . I would say that to use this product properly you need at least 256MB RAM -LRB- go to crucial.com to get they have the best prices -RRB- and 512MB to really enjoy games and online stuff . As for the people who said that the default color scheme can not be changed it can be changed to over 500 diffrent combonations with any custom color you want . And if you buy a new hard drive you WOULD need to install it again because the old harddrive had your Operating Sytem on it -LRB- Windows XP \ ME \ 98 | 95 | 2000 -RRB- . If you want to add a second drive you have too keep the first one in , then put the second drive in as a primary slave and format it . Also Linux Redhat or the multitude of free versions are not a wise choice to make because there is very limited software for them and any software you have for your windows PC wont work . You should also be warned that a new Windows Operatin System is coming out sometime between OCtober and December 2003 code named Windows Longhorn . You might want to wait for that , but then you might not because win XP is a very good OS .
 Microsoft has finally come up with the goods.The promised performance and stability enhancements of earlier versions seem to have been realized in this version of Windows.I found Windows XP RC2 -LRB- a version released prior to the retail copy -RRB- to be stable , user friendly and powerful enough for enthusiasts . Given its large library of native drivers , as well as extensive applications compatibility , I can comfortably recommend it to anyone who is using a version of Win 9X . Among disappointments were the weak firewall , and networking that is geared more toward using a PC as a gateway rather than a designated gateway router .
 Windows XP greets you with a stunning new look and feel . The Start Menu has been re-designed to allow you easy access to all your applications and the clutter that once existed on the taskbar has now been removed . Windows now * knows * what you want it todo ; your most common tasks are convienently placed in a list next to each folder . The OS will not crash , because it now runs on XP . Weather you are an advanced user , or a novice , you will appreciate all the changes Microsoft has made in this release of Windows .
 I 've been using Windows XP RC1 & RC2 since this summer , and I really was wondering how much better can this be than W2K ? Let me just say ... where W2K left off , WXP has picked up ! Better looking interface , no-problem install , more features , and faster . Do yourself a favor , save up your pennies and buy this upgrade - it will be well worth it ! By the way , I 'm running it on a Dell Pentium III 500 with 384 megs of RAM .
 The most stable O/S from Microsoft yet ! Ca n't wait for the retail version to come out . Highly recommend it !
 Microsoft hit a home run with Windows XP Professional . If you want the most solid , reliable , and most trouble free operating system look no further.I give MS XP Pro 5 Gold stars !
 This is the one we thought we were getting -LRB- stability , funcitionality -RRB- , with the ability to tweak it for personal use.when we purchased Windows 98 . This still has a few bugs but , is much better than the previous versions . I have been using the beta version for a few months .
 Imagine a world where workstations do n't crash . A world where installing software is as simple as pushing a button . Adding a peripheral is as difficult as finding a free port . Where an essential upgrade to the OS itself is broadcast to you , and walks you through the upgrade . Where editing , watching and listening to movies and music is intuitive and simple . WHere scanning a picture takes a single click . Where cutting a CDR is as simple as drag and drop.The world exists . It is XP . Windows XP.I have been testing it for months , and am incredibly impressed with Microsoft 's attention to detail . The interface is simple t o use -LRB- ask my mother ! -RRB- and the power behind it is immense.I have been with MS since DOS 3.3 and Windows 286 , and I think this time they might just have got a .0 release down the first time.It wont change your life , but it will certainly make it alot easier .
 Windows XP Professional is a wonderful product but beware.I have a two year old Dell Dimension XPS . I ran out and bought XP Pro thr first day it was available . I checked Dell 's site to see if XP was compatable with my system . Dell reccomends that you NOT install XP unless your system is built for it.Okay , I was stupid . I charged ahead anyway thinking that I could handle all the fixes and upgrades . I began to install by having XP check my compatabilities for me . It gave me a long list of `` may not or will not work '' items . I still charged ahead.What a nightmare ! I had many problems finding driver upgrades.My CDRW would n't work . I called Microsoft . They told me to remove the driver for the cdrw and install the upgrade . I paid for the driver upgrade and tried to install it . It would not load because I did not have a qualified product in the system to upgrade from . I tried to install the old driver again so that I could upgrade . XP would not allow me to install it because it would cause instability in my system . This was just one problem.I uninstalled XP which reinstated my old 98SE . I still had problems because I had changed or removed drivers . I spent hours fixing everything that I screwed up.I like XP . Even though a lot of my system did n't function . It seemed much more stable than 98 . I liked the way it looked and worked . I think it 's the best operating system that Microsoft has come up with.My advice , do n't upgrade unless you 're willing to do a lot of work and have a lot of skill to make your system function with it . I 'm going to buy a newer , faster and more advanced system in a few months and look forward to working in XP.By the way , Microsoft has agreed to refund my purchase price .
 Upgrading from WindowsME , after a two years was the best move I ever made . I was first worried that some of the software I had would have to be re-registered , or that I would lose some or all of my email/contacts/bookmarks / passwords/or other settings.My worries were for nothing ! Everything migrated over to the new OS of XPProfessional without any complaints , or hangups . It took a total of 73 minutes to completely install the upgrade and with the exception of having to re-download the proper version of McAfee Virus Scan for the new OS , there were absolutlely NO problems.Being able to ` partition ' the drive for another person who may use my PC is the best function I 've found . My settings and preferences are kept safe while their 's are seperate . This upgrade is worth the price and the time.This version is 2002 , so a quick visit to the Windows Update site brought me completely up to date within a few minutes.If you are a previous Win98/WinME user you will simply love this upgrade .
 Definitely worth the step up from Win9x/Me/NTand with recent discounts it costs less than the2000 update.A bit sluggish with 128MB of RAM , so plow thesavings into more memory to really see aperformance improvement . Activate it onceyou 're happy with all the devices you wantto add . The 30-day period also seems toget rolled back with Service pack 1 update.Lots of patches to download from Microsoftso be prepared to spend a bit of time gettingall the fixes and rebooting .
 I recently purchased a laptop with Windows XP pre-installed . I have been very pleased . The program seems to run much more smoothly than previous versions , and it has a new slim-line look . It is superior for veiwing DVDs , editing digital films , or even the casual word processing . It is very user friendly , with upgraded tutorials and online help included . Mr. Gates certainly has outdone himself this time ... With every product , however , comes disadvantages . I have only found two . First , since it is not DOS based , it is unable to run many old video games . However , by not beind DOS based it is more userfriendly and dependable . Secondly , the graphics orientated nature can really drain a battery.I highly recommend upgrading to this product . I am sure you will not be disappointed . However , if you are , you can just go into control panel and tell it to run like Windows 98 !
 If you are using Windows 95 , 98 , or ME , upgrading to Microsoft XP is a no-brainer . XP is feature rich enough to make it worthwhile.A few features I love : - The . ZIP format is supported by the file manager . You can browse in a . zip archive as if it was a directory . - Using the network wizard remote FTP sites can be manipulated in the file manager . The remote site will appear to be a directory on your computer , making updating remote web servers painless . - CD-R drives are supported by XP . This means you can drag and drop files onto the drive and then burn them without using a third-party CD burning application.However , some of the new features will cause you some headaches . Microsoft has gone to some pain in order to hide directories , files , and make the OS more user friendly . As a result , power users will find themselves spending time figuring out how to turn off some of these new features . The administrative tools -LRB- computer management , event log , etc. -RRB- are hidden even from the administrator until you tweak the properties of the start menu.The biggest headache is the security problems . The only machine I have ever had to be hacked was an XP machine , in spite of the fact I religiously patch and upgrade the OS.The firewall is next to useless . I would recommend you install Zone Alarm .
 I 'll keep it short and sweet . If you are n't running Windows 2000 Professional and your machine is n't more than 4 years old , you need to be running some flavor of Windows XP . It is the most stable version of Windows -LRB- barring 2000 Pro which most home users do n't need -RRB- by far . Now I wo n't say XP has never crashed on me but when it did it was almost invariably due to bad/corrupted hardware drivers , and application crashes almost never bring the entire OS down like they tend to do with Win95/98/ME . And you do n't need to be running a super powerful machine to run in like some give the impression . I 've run it on a 1999 Dell with a P3 500MHz and 256MB of PC100 SDRAM just fine . All our PCs -LRB- 2 desktops , 2 notebooks -RRB- run XP Pro . Product Activation is n't nearly as big a deal as people make it out to be either so do n't let unfounded rumors about it stop you . And besides , Amazon 's price is so cheap , you ca n't afford not to make the upgrade .
 I have been running Windows XP Professional on my computer for about 3 weeks now and I am very impressed with it so far . I upgraded my machine from Windows 2000 professional and as stable , and fast Windows 2000 was , XP takes all of that to the next level mixing the best features of Windows 2000 -LRB- stability -RRB- and Windows 98/ME -LRB- User interface , plug/play , etc -RRB- . In my opinion , this is a must for home users . Windows 98/ME were average operating systems that never offered anything in terms of stability , scalability , robust networking , etc. . One of my favorite features so far is the built-in support for CD burners . In the past , my success at making CD 's under Windows 2000 was 60-40 . I 've made more coasters than I have cups to put them under . A few minor pluses of XP are IE 6.0 and Media Player 8.0 which are available as separate download . Another really cool feature is the support for multiple users logging in concurrently.Windows 2000 users may not jump at XP Professional as they have most of the same features already in their current OS , but Windows 95/98/ME users will find a wonderful operating systems that is so much more stable that their older operating system . Microsoft got it right with Windows 2000 and this is just icing on the cake . Buy it now and upgrade .
 I am very impressed with the WinXP Pro upgrade . The look of the new screens is pleasant , however I really bought it for the much ballyhooed uncrashability . Since I fixed a hardware conflict -LRB- by fairly unscientific meddling in device manager , right down to changing interrupt settings for one of the peripherals -RRB- there have been no crashes . However , while I was experiencing the conflict -LRB- between a modem and a wireless LAN card -RRB- the system did freeze completely , no response to anything including CTRL-ALT-DEL - which very much disappointed me . Tech experts will no doubt feel that Microsoft can not anticipate every hardware combination , and this is of course true . But XP is advertised as crashproof , and its worth saying that there are some hardware combos that can defeat it.Although I bought it for the uncrashability , other unanticipated benefits have accrued that make me want to recommend it . In particular , the speed of bootup and the ability to detect and work with peripherals -LRB- especially the aforementioned wireless LAN card , after the conflict was sorted out -RRB- has impressed me a great deal . I bought my computer , an IBM thinkpad , in Nov 01 -LRB- in other words , it is a fairly current piece of kit -RRB- and the previous operating system -LRB- Win98SE -RRB- took 2 minutes to boot up , mainly spent -LRB- I believe -RRB- looking for and handshaking with my wireless LAN card . WinXP boots up in about 30 seconds . Hibernation is an order of magnitude quicker , it used to take forever under W98 and now takes about 20 seconds with 384MB of memory . Also hotswapping between wireless and wired LAN is possible , and XP 's ability to save a session for one user while another one logs on is very cool -LRB- useless to me -LRB- although I did try it for fun ! -RRB- ... but very cool for a family machine , I imagine -RRB- . I understand that Win2000Pro has many of the advantages of XP -LRB- but not user switching -RRB- , but if you have W98 or a previous system , and meet -LRB- preferably exceed -RRB- the machine requirements , XP is a worthwhile upgrade .
 I am very pleased with the Microsoft Windows XP Professional Upgrade by Microsoft . It is very stable and actually enhances all aspects of your computer . It has removed several errors I use to get and have to shutdown or run maintenance on a regular basis.The Upgrade was easy to download but took over 90 minutes . What is great about its installation process is that the Software will actually provide you a Report . It will tells you exactly what you may have to do to get all programs working again . It is usually reinstallation or downloading updates.There are only a few minor drawbacks but worth any inconvenience in the end . The first is to make sure you uninstall and reinstall some programs like Anti-Virus Software , Create CD and Faxing programs . I did have some problems with WINFAX PRO and needed a techician to get it working again.The other drawback is what happens in toady 's world of brave new tech every few years . I just got use to using Windows 1998 and all its systems and now you have to look and learn again all over again . But without question it is worth the stability , reliability and new abilities to do many things you always wanted to do with such a computer without the crashes.I highly recommend you no longer wait to buy this product , it is ready just like it is and has all the updates you need to run your computer even better than now . And ordering it from Amazon.com is about the best place to gain a saving especially with free shipping . If you order it in a store , you only get 25 % off the price with a rebate.Amazon.com is the place to order it and do it today ; you will not regret it !
 I write two reviews . First , for Windows 2000 users : This is basically 2K Pro with new wallpaper and PC Anywhere installed . Personally , I 'm waiting for better driver support before I reinstall it ... get it if you want it , just buy some extra RAM.Now , for all the NT , ME , and 98 users out there : YOU MUST GET THIS ! At long last the security and stability of the NT kernel has merged with the compatibility and versatility of Windows 9x . New wizards and better integrated help allow you to perform even complicated tasks without assistance from technical support -LRB- and did I mention that XP NEVER crashed during my tests ? -RRB- . To list all of the new features in XP would violate the 1,000 word maximum for reviews ... just trust me , there 's something in XP Pro that you want -LRB- but do n't want to wait forever to download -RRB- . So where did my fifth star go ? I gave it to the Justice Department . Windows XP has about a dozen `` operating system features '' that are actually `` competition-crushing applications '' , and the government had better wish upon a star if they hope to stop Microsoft now .
 This review is based on release candidate 2 -LRB- RC2 -RRB- . Can I say anything but Kudos ? The new interface is intuitive to the max . It 's a big step above former versions of Windows and even a cut above Macs . Stability is , well , I ca n't get it to crash . Compatibility is phenomenal . DOS , Win 3.1 and Win9x programs run without a problem -LRB- remember , this is based on the NT file system and kernel , not the DOS-based file system and kernel -RRB- . This is what Windows was meant to be when version 1.0 came out . OK , it took 9 years to get it to this level but , now that it 's where it 's meant to be , there is no reason not to get it if your computer will run it . Most people will be satisfied with the home version . If you have a business or are a real computer geek , then you may want the Pro version . Installation is a snap -LRB- takes about an hour -RRB- and , if you decide that it 's not for you , it uninstalls easily.For me there 's no going back . I think that you 'll feel the same way once you try it .
 It 's still Windows through-and-through , though it is indeed more stable , and has had the interface refreshed .
 I have been fortunate enough to be a beta tester for this product , though I did not initially install the beta on my drive , after hearing about the `` activation '' clause . I wo n't get into that `` feature '' until the end , since it 's the most talked about ... Useful Features Exclusive to XP Professional : - Internet Connection Sharing -LRB- ICS -RRB- - You network can set up it 's systems with a single Internet connection . This is a cost saver . - Windows Management Instrumentation -LRB- WMI -RRB- - System administrators can monitor and control the system using scripting and/or third-party applications . - Dual-CPU Utilization - If you have a dual-CPU system -LRB- which are becoming more common -RRB- , XP Professional , like NT and 2000 , are able to use it . This allows for more efficient multi-tasking , video rendering , audio encoding , and graphics editing . - Domain Login - At login you are able to login to your networks domain , as it was with NT and 2000 . - Enhanced Security settingsI have been a user of DOS , Windows 3.11 , Windows 95 , 98 , and ME . My favorite OS , however , has been Windows 2000 Professional . After severe crashes , and abysmal memory management in 98 and Me , Win2000 provided a staple platform , which ran my most used applications -LRB- Adobe Photoshop , Dreamweaver , Office 2000 , Flash 5 -RRB- without a problem . It could be said that XP is the culmination of the best of WinME and Win2000.Now , I had never been a fan of the `` appearance '' of Windows , -LRB- Mac OS 9 - and 10 - had the trophy for the most attractive GUI -RRB- but the look had grown a bit stale ... until Windows XP.On installation , you notice that the beginning has a look of WinME - with it 's installation wizard - but the second part of the installation looks like Windows 2000 - with it 's DOS look . That is the end of the physical similarities.During the installation , it picked up all of my components with no problem , and had all of the drivers needed , including my Network card , and monitor . At first boot-up -LRB- which is about half the Windows 2000 wait on my Athlon 1.2 Ghz -RRB- , you notice an attractive boot splash screen , which then brings you to the first major feature : After setting up and selecting your profile , you come to the main screen . Built with a cleaner , highly customizable GUI , Windows XP can be either exciting for someone who loves to tweak , or a bit intimidating to those who do n't -LRB- Be aware of that before going in -RRB- . The start menu is different -LRB- though you can revert to the `` Classic '' style -RRB- , in layout and function . It provides full access to the main parts you need . The requisite `` Start '' menu has been revised to include My Computer , Network Neighborhoods , and/or whatever else you may want . It 's quite customizable.XP Useful features : Not built on the older DOS engine - Compatibility mode - allows setting programs , which may no be native to XP , to run in 95/98/ME / NT/2000 `` mode '' . Great feature , and it has worked on all programs I have tried . - Enhanced battery life for laptops by : a -RRB- Lid Power . Display is shut down when `` lid '' -LRB- screen -RRB- is closed.b -RRB- LCD Dimming . When using battery power , the display is dimmed , and brightness is restored when plugged into AC . - Device driver rollback - a wonderful feature which allows you to `` roll-back '' to the previous driver , in case you have a conflict with your newly installed one . Allows beta-testing drivers . - Search Companion - much more advanced -LRB- and needed -RRB- search feature . - ClearType - much more precise and clean look for LCD and laptop displays . Also looks great on typical monitors.System Restore - carried over from WinME , this feature allows `` points '' to be created , in order to restore system setting in case you run into problems . Timesaving . - Completely re-designed GUI - Customized Desktops - allows multiple `` profiles '' to be set up -LRB- husband , wife , and kids for example -RRB- which retain settings for icon placement , wallpaper , icons shown , and more . This is great if one of you likes a cluttered -LRB- i.e. save everything to desktop J -RRB- desktop , and another likes a clean one . In my case , my wife does n't want to see all of my icons for my programs , just the one little game she plays all the time . This feature gives XP some personality that has been missing.XP Fairly Useful Features : - CD Burning - Nice inclusion of basic CD burning capabilities , but it must be said , that `` basic '' means `` basic . '' Not hybrid Mac/PC burns , no on-the-fly burning , VCD , etc. . Get Nero 5.5.5.1 if you want great burning software . - Windows Messenger - MS answer to AOL Instant Messenger , allows quick connection to friends , and allows file trading . But it 's also annoying . It takes a toll on the system resources , so you may find yourself disabling it -LRB- like I did ;--RRB- . - Self-contained Firewall - though not as robust as third-party ones -LRB- ZoneAlarm , Norton , etc. -RRB- , it is adequate for most users.XP Misleading/Irritating Features : - DVD playback - this would be a nice feature ... it existed . As it is , however , you need a third-party CODEC , in order to view DVDs.Microsoft Media Player - MP3 ripping/playing is relegated to 96-bitrate , due to `` protecting copyrights '' of CDs . You must get the Plus ! Pack in order to do higher bitrate ripping . It 's ironic that the WMA -LRB- Microsoft 's own format -RRB- can be ripped to and played at higher bitrates.Stability : Anyone familiar with Windows 2000/NT , will be impressed with XP 's stability . I have had to reboot only a couple of times , through the Beta and final versions , and then only due to my motherboard settings.Users of Win95/98/ME will be very happy to know that they will not have the conflicts/crashes which plagues those OSs.From here you are on your own , but believe me , it is quite a bit of fun to get to know this OS . NOTE
 Windows XP does the deed that Microsoft has been aiming to achieve since the milestone release of Windows 95 . I have been using Windows XP since pre-beta 2 when the OS was still under the codename Whistler . I have seen the ups and downs , the improvements , the additions and subtractions and have been very please with what as been done with Windows XP.It makes installing hardware a breeze with enhanced plus and play technology . Simply plug in your camera , usb device , hard drive , external storage , etc and Windows XP will automatically install and set it up for use . Integrated CD Burning will save you time and money from having to purchase 3rd party applications . Remote Desktop is a wonderful feature for administering your Windows XP computer away from the home or office on a separate computer . All you need to do is install the Remote Desktop client on any computer that does not run Windows XP and you are set.You can also use Remote Assistance to send an invite to a friend , co-worker , relative , anyone you know using Windows XP to control your computer and fix any issue you may be having with it.Windows Media Player 8 is wonderful , allowing you to encode high quality songs from CD 's and also including options to display the Album Cover artwork for identifying your music on the folder.My favorite thing is the ability to change the appearance with the new XML skinning engine to completely have a custom and unique style from anyone in the world.There are many wonderful feature to list , and despite the talk that it is just a small step from Windows 2000 is ludicrous . Windows 2000 is similar and on the same codebase , but does outperform and include more useful tools . I would recommend purchasing the full version and not the upgrade , that way if you ever need to install a clean version of Windows XP you will not have to install an OS to upgrade from .
 I have used Operating Systems from DOS 1.0 through Windows XP and the latest product by Microsoft is incredible . I can crash Windows 95 in less than 30 seconds , Windows 98 SE in less than 2 minutes , Windows 2000 and ME in less than 5 minutes and Windows NT by turning on the computer - but Windows XP has been running flawlessly for the past 3 months , even when I attempted to crash it . The OS quickly realized what I was attempting to do and actually `` uninstalled '' the software - That 's right , instead of counting up the percentage of install , it started going backwards to 0 % ! Almost pirate proof , XP will only allow itself to be installed twice off the same CD - Once for your desktop and once for your laptop . If you do not register the software - it stops working after 45 days and can not be reinstalled on the same PC without reformatting the hard drive . I have had some driver issues with XP certified drivers not available for some newer peripherals -LRB- i.e. HP Photosmart Printers -RRB- , but for the most part , no problems . It even comes with a good CD burner program standard . I would suggest you upgrade ASAP .
 I bought a new PC recently with Microsoft Windows ME loaded on . I had terrible problems with Windows ME , hence I decided to upgrade to Windows XP Professional.Windows XP does not have any new features over the previous versions of Windows , but it is extremely stable , and the fastest Windows I have used yet -LRB- even faster than the excellent Windows 2000 professional -RRB- . Windows XP rolls both the home and professional versions of the previous Windows releases into one - so you have compatibility with most software , and the performance of the NT/2000 platforms.For users of Windows 2000 , not much to warrant an upgrade . But for home users of Windows 98 or ME , do n't hesitate - go for it now !
 MS claimed that Win XP was more stable , started laster and launched programs faster than previous versions of Windows . Usually , when I `` test '' those type of claims myself , they prove to be , well ... exaggerated at best ... I was impressed when I saw that XP lived up to those claims.It is true that XP will not run older disk utility programs , such as SystemWorks -LRB- Norton -RRB- and whatever that McAfee suite is ;-RRB- ... but that 's been the case each time a new OS is released ... The price of upgrading utility software should be considered when upgrading your OS . -LRB- Usually the utility software publishers will provide a nice rebate with the upgrade , usually at around half the price of the software . -RRB- THIS IS IMPORTANT ! Microsoft has an Upgrade Advisor , -LRB- available online -RRB- , that will notify you of any potential conflicts with software and hardware your computer uses . Run this utility and make a list of what steps you will need to take to bring your system to XP level .
 I bought the Windows XP Pro upgrade and was very satisfied with the results . It has allowed me to get the most from my time on the computer . It was able to remove the clutter from the desktop , has n't frozen for 4 months now , it has ten times more useful features and built in add-ins then windows 98 and previous versions of windows did . It is easier than ever to set up a network and integrate more hardware into the system . It is also much easier to fix you system after a large error . For example , you can restore all of you files and setting using system restore . Also Windows XP allows different progrmas to run in separate memory , so if one program freezes it does n't crash the whole computer . Also if you are in a network you can connect to your computer using the remote desktop feature of windows xp . Remote desktop allows you to take over the desktop of a different computer and acces all of the files just like you were sitting at that computer 's monitor yourself . It also is a lot more secure . Windows XP Pro gives you the ability to encript your files and folders , it also comes with enhanced internet virus software and a firewall . Combined with Office XP it creates a state of the art computer for your use . I highly recomend people to upgrade to Windows XP Pro .
 MAKE SURE YOU RUN THE COMPATIBILITY program FIRST.For God 's sake , uninstall ANY software that is uncompatible , namely any NORTON product , and ROXIO -LRB- ADAPTEC -RRB- product especially CD-CREATOR !!!!!! I went for an ENTIRE WEEK EVERY DAY seeking help from Dell , Microsoft , and ROXIO -LRB- and all associated newsgroups -RRB- trying to get my CD-R/CD-RW working after I UPGRADED from ME to XPPRO . The software conflicts that resulted from CD-CREATOR clashing with XP could NEVER BE RESOLVED EVEN BY MICROSOFT . They finally gave up and said , `` It 's a software issue , contact Roxio '' . Roxio says , `` It 's a Microsoft problem `` ARG!Read the newsgroups . HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE CAN NOT USE THEIR CD-R/CD-RW drives becuase of this problem . AND NEITHER COMPANY WILL HELP THEM!Finally , I had to REFORMAT my hard drive and start completely over . Now , it works but I have to re-install every application back onto my computer and reload all my backup files . What a pain -LRB- ... -RRB- !
 I upgraded from Windows 98 on my machine , and it ran a whole lot faster . Unfortunately , Windows XP has some sort of issue with memory caching on my motherboard , so I had to turn that off -LRB- this is after about a month of crashing , I have over 120 uploaded error reports on the Online Crash Analysis site -RRB- , and now my computer runs really slowly . I 'm thinking about upgrading my processor and motherboard since prices are so low right now , but be forewarned if you are using an older motherboard and processor .
 I have been beta testing XP this past summer and by far it is the most stable OS in the Microsoft line I have ever used . Even from Beta 2 until Release Candidate 2 - it is a solid performer with enhancements that will make it more intuitive to use as well as more solid for serious computer users.I highly recommend this upgrade to anyone who wants the most from their PC 's . The new graphical interface is intense and requires a good video card and a good processor to run it smoothly . Check out the system requirements and bump the minimums up to make sure your covered.I hope you find this useful .
 Windows XP Professional is the best operating system ever , however , I do not reccommend the Home Edition version , it is too limited . I also reccommend Microsoft Office 2003 Professional Edition along with XP , because it will increase your performance.Windows XP certianly looks different , because of the new design . Ideal for home and professional users , while your at home making a business card , or if you are at the office . It can handle Hyper Threading , as well as advanced applications.Windows XP rarely crashes , and if it does , it is not the whole OS , but just a program , and it is so easy to close . Then , just simply restart the application and you are back up and running.Windows XP is very easy to install ; just pop in the CD , answer a few simple questions , and your done in just forty-five minutes!Windows XP is a valid upgrade for users of any Windows Operating System , weather it be 2000 , 98 , ME , 95 , XP Home , or NT , XP will increase your performance and make you overall happier !
 Originally I had purchased VS . NET and immediately realized I was forced to purchase 2000 or XP . Being that Microsoft always updates things instantly I got XP anyways . I heard it really was n't that great , but now I realize those people are just negative . Windows XP is the greatest thing yet . I really like the way it looks and its faster than any Windows I 've used . I have used Windows 95 and Windows 98 at home . Windows 95 -LSB- stunk -RSB- . Windows 98 was the most reliable . I thought Windows 2000 -LRB- which I used on campus -RRB- pretty much -LSB- stunk -RSB- too . Windows XP was great . However , if I was to complain I do n't like the fact that its a resource hog . I would suggest you purchase a bit more ram for your computer before installing this . Otherwise it will suck the life out of your hard drive . Another bad thing is it really is still in beta mode , being that since I bought I have about 15 patches that have been automatically installed to update windows .
 Microsoft has pulled off a wonderful operating system with XP.Having been an NT/2000 user for the last couple of years , I was very disappointed with the copy of Windows ME that came on my Pentium 4 . ME could just not handle the memory requirements of the software I run . -LRB- Photoshop , Frontpage , etc. . . -RRB- I have been using the preview version of XP for about 3 months and just bought the full version -LRB- professional -RRB- . I am running a P4 1.3 with 384 Mb of RAM and it screams . XP has not crashed once , nor has it run low on resources . The new look is great but if you do n't like it , you can turn it off and go back to the old look . Cleartype is a very cool new feature , much easier on the eyes . Everything is much more accessible for newbies but is also very easy to get into for the guts for experienced users . Oh yea , you can roll back driver installs , how cool is that?If you are running any type of programs that require a lot of system resources then you will want to upgrade to XP ASAP . Its well worth it .
 I truly do n't see how anyone who uses this version of Windows could say anything but WOW ! I have been working with Windows since 3.x and this is truly the most stable version yet . I upgraded from Windows 2000 and while it was a more stable os than 98 or ME it still had its share of problems . Windows XP Pro takes the best of the multimedia and speed of ME and the reliability of 2000 pro and combined them beautifully . I can run office and still let my kids play a game now and then . It is truly a step up for Windows . Try it for yourself and enjoy !
 This is the first release of Windows that has actually impressed me . Sure a lot of the features are just skin deep , but there 's a lot of very nice integration of features . MS IMHO has been horrible in the past at looking at the entire integrated user experience . XP is a big positive step in the right direction there.I use it as the OS on my home file server -LRB- mainly serving my AudioTron -RRB- and it works great . Pricey , and since you must have separate copies for every machine you own I wo n't be upgrading my other home PCs soon , but MS 's best OS yet .
 All the things you have heard about XP Professional are true
 I 've been testing this product for months . It 's worth every cent . Great support for Laptop computers , wireless LANs , digital Photography , multimedia , etc.Once tried , you 'll never think about going back to older Versions .
 This is the BEST version of Windows yet - it is more stable and compatible than prior versions . I LOVE IT ! I have the beta and can not wait to get my finished copy . The Professional version lets you take advantage of so many more things than Home . This Windows is a MUST HAVE !
 WindowsXP is a lot more stable than Windows98/ME and includes time updates and other add-ons that were only available as shareware .
 This edition of Windows XP is primarily business oriented , but there are certain features that would be useful in the Home Edition of Windows XP . Example of this would be remote desktop , an amazing feature that allows you to actually control your computer from another computer running Windows XP Pro . Why I do not recommend it for most home users is the architecture of the operating system itself . Certain features such as Administrative tools -LRB- turned on by default in XP Pro -RRB- would not be recommended for a family PC , if you have a child and he or she enters the Administrative tools and alters any component of the services feature , it can totally ruin your PC . In terms of general functionality Windows XP is `` awesome '' , features worthy of this word include multiple users , beautiful graphical user interface , and easier access to programs . The `` start menu '' , in previous Windows it was like you had to climb a mountain before you reached the programs menu , now that 's not ease of use ! In Windows XP just click the `` start menu '' and you are right at the program menu , now that 's ease of use ! When it comes in comparison to previous versions of Windows such as 95 , 98 , NT , `` ME '' and even 2000 , it 's really worth the upgrade . Windows 95 to ME crashed tremendously NT was horrible on laptops and its basically kind of outdated now , 2000 does not support enough drivers . But overall for the person who travels a lot and needs to either retrieve information from their home or business computer , Windows XP Pro is very good . For performance , I recommend a 500 MHz processor , 128 MB 's of memory , anything lower than that you wo n't be installing much software on that machine . Remember Windows XP requires a lot of resources , in terms of processor speed and memory . If you want to take advantage of some of the features in XP , I suggest that you have a CD burner , you get more out of XP . My pictures has been totally redesigned for integration with online services , you take pictures and upload them to websites for editing e.g. `` KODAK '' . It 's not a terrible operating system like I have read in most reviews , but the architecture of the operating system is more business oriented . For users of previous versions of Windows I recommend you buy the Upgrade instead of the full version of Windows XP rather than spend hard earned money buying the full version , because your getting the same thing . If you used 98 , ME and want reliability , stability , and ease of use , go for the Home Edition . Persons using NT and 2000 I suggest they upgrade to XP Pro . I like Windows XP Pro a lot ; it 's better than the Home Edition in minor features . I 'm going to buy it soon but for now I 'm going to stick with Windows XP Home . It all depends on the user and the environment , as simple as that .
 I have been a freelance translator for the past 15 years ; and as such , was forced to learn how to operate a computer at a rather advanced age . That was during 1990 . I started with a plain little computer , no WYSIWYG ... and I ca n't even remember what the operating system was , but it was , most assuredly built by Bill Gates and was not yet `` Windows '' . I have FINALLY GRADUATED to this WONDERFUL version of Windows . . Windows XP Professional , the zenith of operating systems . I assure anyone who is reading this , that it is a most worthwhile investment . No more crashes . The computer even TELLS YOU when it has `` indigestion '' . I love it . I can not believe how good it is . I recommend it most heartily to everyone . You will certainly not be sorry once you load it on to your computer .
 Windows finally created a quality successor to Win98 SE . It is intuitive , easy to configure , and *** hurray *** stable - no more blue screen of death . The wizards , should you choose to use them , work well . Additionally , it does a good job of configuring and managing hardware as well as , for the first time for a windows product , ram . It is a bit pushy , but you can configure it using tools embedded inside , write your own , or download some from the internet . It `` hides '' some utilities , but they 're there . Overall , I am extremely please with Win XP Pro . I 'm sure the home edition is just as capable , although I have n't used it . PS . For you Pro-UNIX people - I use UNIX -LRB- Sun Solaris -RRB- , and still like WinXP Pro a lot .
 As a member of Microsoft 's Preview Program , I have been testing the Release Candidate Two version of Windows XP . Even as a release candidate , the code is fairly stable ; obviously , the RTM code will incorporate bug fixes found in RC 2 . However , my feeling is this product is more for the hard core techie geek . Current home users of Windows 98 , Windows ME , or Windows 2000 will not really have any reason to upgrade to this version . For the gearheads who need the latest and greatest , XP is certainly worth the upgrade , especially for those gearheads running Windows 2000 . XP offers the same security features as 2000 , and is compatible with more software titles than 2000 , which makes it a better gaming platform . I was able to fire up old DOS-based titles under XP that I could not under any other OS . The GUI , which looks a bit like the standard Windows desktop , does function differently , and takes some time to get used to . Technically , XP is a major overhaul for the Windows operating system , not seen since the debut of Windows 95 . However , I only recommend it for the hard-core techies out there . The average user will be fine with their existing operating system .
 First off , let me say
 We have seen over the years the different stages since the revolutionary OS of Windows95 over Windows 3.1 , to Windows 2000 . Windows XP Professional brings everything to a new step . You will find more stability , features , enhancement , etc. . It has never crashed since I bought it on October 25 . I am very impressed with the environment which is more user friendly . With a lot of wizards , installing my home network was very easy and it took me only 10 minutes . The system restore and driver rollback features are amazing . If you by accident , install a driver which is not supported or a program which conflicts everything , just some clicks in the mouse and you are back where everything was working fine . The welcome screen which lets you choose the users is very cool and it 's amazing how a user can leave their session open -LRB- password protected if desired -RRB- and another user can use the computer.My advice is , this is an excellent new OS from Microsoft . If you are a gamer , developer , professional , home user , etc. . Windows XP Professional is your choice . If you want to save some bucks and are n't in the business or developer areas , then buy Windows XP Home Edition . You will be amazed from all the new features that has .
 Great tools , stable -LRB- and I 've been hammering at it with stuff that would have even my Linux box sweating -RRB- , and very usable . I have n't tried Mac OS X , but this is deffinatly the best OS i 've used . The remote desktop tools are just incredible . And all this comming from someone who up till recently dual booted with Linux , and then only because I had a few software titles that needed Windows to run .
 The new operating system released on October 25 , 2001 is a total change for Microsoft . This operating system handles most of the Windows 95 , 98 , ME compatibility and the superior stability of Windows NT , 2000 . -LRB- AND THERE IS NO DOS ! -RRB- Finally , Microsoft has a stable product that still increases performance and gets the job done without crashing . If you did not like Windows Millenium Edition or even if you do like Windows ME , get Windows XP ! It is worth the upgrade ! I promise !
 Well , I 've done it all . I started with MS way back in the dos days , and have since used almost all of the windows products in some manner . I tried several versions of linux and BeOS . I was not too fond of anything I had tried up to XP . There were always problems , whether compatibility , stability , or managabbility . That said , although XP is not the `` perfect '' OS that MS claims it is , it is by far the best up to this time . I 've been testing it since beta 2 , and even in the early beta stages , it was more stable than windows 9x , and for the linux people out there , it is ALOT more user friendly and compatible than any version of linux out now . I just came back from the official launch , and saw the final product in action . Right now , if you want the best OS there is , BUY XP !!!
 Finally Microsoft has migrated everything to the NT/2000 platform . The result is a very fast , very stable OS with all the bells and whistles of ME . New interface is slick , but not yet very customizable color wise . Still a lot of old school windows gray.Big problem right now is the lack of 3rd party hardware support . Hopefully this will be rectified before final release in October . When that problem is solved , it will definitely be a significant upgrade to current versions .
 I am amazed at some of the recent negative reviews , but you can not please everyone . Simply put , Windows XP is the BEST operating system to ever come out of WA.To those folks who chose to upgrade to XP from ME , the problems you experienced and the bitterness you feel , is more a result of the fact that you had a virus -LRB- ME -RRB- on your system . And you can complain that the upgrade from ME to XP isnt fun , because it isnt . ME is a pain . My in-laws bought a new Dell , with ME , and ME actually nuked the hard drive . When the Dell service guy learned he would need to replace the drive , he told them 1-go to XP , ME is a virus , and 2-they got lucky in that its a fresh drive , because ME to XP conversions have HUGE issues.I just was doing one for a neighbor , and it crapped out midway through , because ME kept fighting the upgrade . Had they not cared about settings and whatnot , I would have taken WipeDrive to the hard disk and started fresh.The only other Windows OS i would run is 2000 , but XP is a solid choice and with good reason.to the complaints about some legacy software not supported , or not supported well ? Yes , it sucks . But MS needed to move on and up past some previous issues , and to do so in some cases meant needing to cause some compatibility issues . In the long run , it will be a good thing . but in the event of 3rd party compatibilities , it is not MS 's fault if a 3rd party vendor can not meet more stringent requirements for XP certification.Bottom line , if my mother-in-law can navigate XP safely and easily , its as good an OS as there could be for a home user .
 OK i was reading some of the reviews and some of these are outrageous i have been using Xp for a while and have used win95 , 98 WinMe Win2000 Pro and Win NT and i can tell you Xp wipes the floor with any Win9x OS and Me and definetely NT I cant say its that far better than Windows 2000 but it is an improvement my bigggest complaing about XP is the lack of 3rd party support but i am sure this will be taken care of when the final product is realeased i like the fact than it has features never seen on any other OS like the compatibilty wizard option whick allows you to make software that was only compatible with win9x or Me compatible with XP and alot more features when it comes to networking its the best i 've tried i use @home and have a network setup it autodetected everything without any annoyance i recentlty bought a Gforce3 card and i didnt even notice the installation i just popped in and XP took care of it by itself the only reason i dont give this product a 5 star is beacause of the price and beacause i have seen problems now where it wont detect 56k modems but i am sure this WILL BE FIXED ! great OS MS
 I am a power user of win2k and just wanted to upgrade to xp to see how it worked . The UI and everything is cool and the apps work great.Not a required upgrade unless you want to be on the bleeding edge
 I bought this product back in 2006 as a replacement for Outlook 's Business Contact Manager , mostly due to the fact that it included a `` project '' section that was simpler to use that MS Project program , which is bloated and a time waster . I had a lot of similar issues most of the other reviewers did
 I run a multi million dollar home building business and Quickbooks Customer Manager works great for us . We are able keep all our customers ' info in one place . We also use it for our service operations and scheduling appointments . It keeps a great history of what we have done at each customers home . This is a relatively new program and I think it will get better with time as they provide new versions . It is a little simplistic and could use some fine tuning , but all in all we use it with success .
 I 've used Turbotax since before Clipsoft merged with Intuit . This has been the best year yet and I thought the first one was great . Why pay a CPA ? This is easy .
 I used Turbo tax last year as well and paid for the state last year too . All of the info was stored on my computer so I did n't have to re-enter hardly anything ! And yes , I even have mortgage deductions!Even though the state is usually quite easy without using turbo tax I always have to dig out forms from the previous year , but since I had both state and federal on my computer from last year I did n't have to dig for ANYTHING.Bottom line is it took me 45 minutes TOTAL to do my federal , then download the state and do it . I have a slow printer so that took 20 minutes . VERY HAPPY with Turbo tax !!!!!!!!!!
 I was reluctant to buy Turbotax again this year because of all the negative reviews . I decided taking a chance with Turbotax was still more desirable than paying someone to do my taxes for me , though , so I bought it anyway . It worked perfectly . I had no problems loading or using the software . However , I do recommend downloading the updates ; they must be there for a reason .
 It 's looking like I 'm going to be in the minority on this review , but once again I 'm very happy with TuroTax . I used it last year for the first time and was very pleased . It found things that I had missed -LRB- I did my taxes on paper first -RRB- and overall was very easy . This year things went even smoother . The program imported last years files from my computer , so much of the basic information was already filled in for me . After I downloaded the updates I was finished in about 30 minutes . Just answer the questions , fill in the numbers and you 're done . It 's too bad that others did n't have as good an experience , but I 'll definitely use TurboTax again next year .
 Wow ! I 'm glad I did n't read the reviews before I purchased TT or I may have passed it up ! I had a great experience . It downloaded with no trouble , all of the icons are where they should be , it was easy to use , and I could make changes and adjustments with ease . I purposely downloaded onto a computer that does NOT have internet access so there would be no problem with spyware . The program runs through all of the questions H&R asked me last year , but only cost me 1/5 the price . I have absolutely no complaints !!
 The software was in excellent condition . I would recommend this software for users who have to amend federal tax returns .
 I received my item the same week I ordered it . They said it was new but it was not in a box . It worked and that is all I was concerned with .
 This is my seventh year using Quicken TurboTax and it will be my fifth year using the state tax version . I ca n't imagine going back to pen and paper to do taxes . The program takes you step-by-step through the tax process by asking you questions about the various sections of the forms . It also prompts you to make you remember about things that may have slipped you mind , like other deductions . And , it makes suggestions for deductions that you may not have thought about . At the end of the process you can print out the forms for mailing in the traditional format or in a format that 's easy for the IRS computers to read . In addition , you can opt to file electronicly . The help section IS very helpful . It actually makes sense of the rules and instructions for filing your taxes and explains the relevant sections of the tax code in easy to understand language . My one suggestion is that you have all your papers with you before you start the process . You can , of course , save your work and come back to finish or edit it , but it is a pain to be half way through and remember that your mortgage statement is two floors away.I tried Taxcut last year because of the product activation on TurboTax . I had problems with it right off . It stated on the box that you could import TurboTax files but when I tried it would n't let me . The Taxcut web site suggested that this was a common problem and that you had to edit your TurboTax file -LRB- with TurboTax -RRB- to bring it down to a certain size . Still , it did n't tell you what that size was ok or really give you any idea on what to cut out . -LRB- I thought all of the our tax info was important -RRB- . I have to agree that the advertising included in the product -LRB- for more Intuit products -RRB- now borders on the ridiculous and the program -LRB- like all programs -RRB- needs more space and more resources each year but I still think that is better that the competition.My advice
 I skipped TT last year because of the CDilla incident.I was n't overly impressed with TaxCut , and now that Intuit learned their lesson about CDilla , I purchased it this year.I 'm very happy with TT . It seems more polished than every , and so far I have had no problems with it .
 Despite the negative reviews , I decided to buy TurboTax anyway . I ca n't say for those of you using XP , but installing under Win98 was no problem . Despite saying it could n't find my broadband connection the first time , hitting retry did the trick when doing the software updates . As to the comment of c-dilla being installed , did n't find it on my computer . As for other comments about spyware , did n't find that either.TurboTax comes up in interview mode but this year they 've added a customize feature so it will only deal with tax issues dealing to your situation or you can still go through the whole interview . I had no problems using it . I was able to print and save my return to pdf just like last year . If you 're looking for something simple , TurboTax does it . As for the question of being able to import prior TurboTax files , it 's always been able to do the prior year but I 've yet to see that it does anything beyond that.It did install their ` It 's Deductible ' software for me only to click it and it says ` buy it ' . That 's annoying . Also asking me to buy other services/products is a pain but that 's marketing for you . That 's the only reason I gave it 4 stars - annoying marketing and eating my disk space with software I wo n't use .
 I have used both TurboTax and TaxCut over the years and I prefer TurboTax . TaxCut gets the job done , but TurboTax is a more polished product . I did my 2004 taxes with TurboTax Basic and it did everything I asked of it . Install went smoothly . While the Basic edition lacks some of the features of the the upmarket products , I still managed to do what I needed to do , which included several mutual fund sales this year.Unlike some of the other users who have had negative experiences , I have run into no examples of spyware and the program installed flawlessly . After an automatic update , I was able to quickly get going . TurboTax made my taxes as painless as they can be ...
 Just did a complete new installation of XP , which only took one hour . Coming from 98 this system is totally crash proof . The ease of use and format are leaps and bounds above 98 . Would recommend this OS to anyone .
 I upgraded directly from Windows 98SE , and i found windows XP to deliver a more reliable , stable interface for the computer user . I have had virtually no system failures , and my speed associated with multitasking has greatly improved . The feature i like the most is the intergrated hiberantion option which allows the computer to stay logged on , and even let open programs continue to run while shutting down the computer . Getting on and off the machine is so much easier now !
 I have had two computers with Windows 98SE and three with ME , and now have one with XP , so I know all the different quirks . XP is quite stable . No run time errors like 98SE , no crashes and reboots . I find it a very easy to use , very stable system . I also like many of the features , such as the error log . Instead of listing errors that mean nothing to you , when you right click on the event you get an explanation of what that error means , what caused it and a hyperlink to link to click for further informations and solutions.I highly recommend this to anyone tired of the constant errors and crashes if other windows versions .
 Well , I just got me an HP Pavilion 750n . It came with XP . I 've used Mac OS , linux and -LRB- of course ! -RRB- Windows since 3.1 I must say that this operating system is worth the money ! I have a lexmark printer and a Canon scanner , plus an older SB LIVE value soundcard and a wacom tablet . I plugged everything in and powered up ... and everything is detected and works as its supposed to work . Configuration of multiple accounts was a breeze and I 've not had a single lockup or porgram or game that would n't work . In addition I was able to setup the computer with the latest server build from Apache as well as MySql and everything is just hunky-dory . For specs I 've got a P4 1.6 ghz processor , 80 gb hdd and 512 of DDR ram . I do agree that you should lay your hands on as much ram as possible , just for speed of games and 3d apps . I can now run Premiere , Golive , Imageready and Photoshop , brose teh web AND switch backa nd forth from a game I 'm playing , without any crashing at all . PS I 've got some older games to -LRB- 1998 or so -RRB- and they work great in XP , without the need to even run compatibility mode.In a nutshell , I would recommend getting XP . Its faster more stable and non-intimidating for the novice and just plain nice to look at for us old pros.Thanks for reading !
 Little background on me -- I love my computer , and I put a lot of money into it to ensure that it has the adequate specifications to run my applications . More importantly , I NEED my computer for everything it can do . This includes word-processing , Internet , home-networking , gaming , etc. . Needless to say , there are many instances when I have a lot of programs running at the same time.Several years ago , before the time of XP , I was torn between the two current Microsoft operating systems for PC . The choices were Windows 98 Second Addition and Windows 2000 Professional.Windows 98 was fair for gaming and networking , however it had much-vaunted stability and lacked useful features . In other words , it would lock up if I had more than two applications running at the same time . After becoming fed up with ' 98 , I switched to Windows 2000 Professional . I was impressed by the user-friendly interface , as well as its stability . However , it was incompatible with some Windows 98-based applications , and it was terrible for running games and networking with computers that were running older operating systems.Well , for those of you who have n't gotten bored and moved on to a different review , here 's what it all boils down to
 First off , WindowsXP is by far the most stable version of Windows yet . And this is coming from a computer programmer/power user that has run every type of application known to mankind on his home computer . But while stability is important , here are the gripes I have with the product : - The product activation . My hard drive crashed twice on my brand new computer -LRB- it was defective from day one -RRB- and I have had to re-activate XP three times now . I have never had to re-install an operating system due to a hard drive crash in my lifetime . Funny how it happens now when Microsoft tries to reduce software piracy . The fact that I can only reinstall it one more time before I 've used up my activations is ridiculous . Does this company not have enough money already ? Imagine having to activate EVERY piece of software you buy before using it . The computer industry would collapse and people would throw their computers out the window . - So much for efficient operating systems . Without a top of the line system , most users wo n't be able to run XP . But that is after all the point is n't it ? Microsoft and Intel have a good pact going where they both help each other . Microsoft creates the most bloated and demanding operating system , and Intel creates a new Pentium chip -LRB- for $ 700 -RRB- so you can run it . A continuous cycle of profits . Of course you can always stand pat and get left behind as applications stop being written for the older versions of Windows ... - The endless advertising for Microsoft . Without a doubt , Microsoft is using XP to promote a whole host of other Microsoft products . Whether it 's Outlook , Passport , Internet Explorer , or whatever the case may be , this is a truly unfair advantage to other companies . - The childish search feature . A perfectly good search engine has been crippled and now features a silly dog animation . Whatever happened to just being able to type in a file name with wildcards and find it ? - The new start menu . Simply put , use the old one . - Explorer . I need to sift through TWO ADDITIONAL LEVELS of garbage to get to my C drive . What a pain in the behind . And the default view for EVERY folder is tile view instead of detail view . You need to switch them one by one to detail . - Scan Disk . It used to take about one minute , now it takes about one hour . You 've got ta love that.With that said , it does have a refreshing look . It does start up MUCH faster than older versions of Windows , and without fail , consumers will be forced to buy it eventually whether they want it or not because there is no alternative . - Chris
 Several years ago , I made the horrible mistake of upgrading my home computer from Windows 98 to Windows ME . From that point on it was nothing but trouble . I thank God that my home office is in a windowless basement room or I would have thrown my computer out of the window . Finally , after numerous crashes I came to the realization that something had to be done . Going back to Windows 98 was not an option -LRB- I had misplaced my disc long ago -RRB- so I upgraded to Windows XP.Aside from the sticker shock , I am pretty happy with it . No longer does my computer freeze up every thirty minutes or so . Although I am sure that it has new and improved features , I am not a new and improved kind of guy - Email , some web surfing and word processing pretty well describes my computer use . For this , Windows 98 was just fine . But , time marches on . If you have Windows 98 and are doing fine , there probably no compelling reason to upgrade -LRB- I still use Windows 98 on my church computer -RRB- , but if you are into video , advance graphics or the like , an upgrade would be in order.There are two features that I appreciate . You can set up user accounts that keep people from changing your settings or reading your private correspondence . And , you are given the option to change the look of the screen to the older Windows look - I guess you can not teach an old dog new tricks . If you have Windows ME , to not hesitate , dump the junk and buy XP , you will never regret the change .
 Well , I have a pc that I bought in 2001 , it came with Windows Me . I upgraded to Windows XP Home about eight months ago , give or take , and I 've had no problem at all . The only problems I 've had is when I upgraded to Windows SP2 , the new service pack . It locked some things up and just did a few weird things , so I uninstalled it . I already had good virus protection , a good firewall , I stay completely up-to-date with Windows and Internet Explorer , etc. . . so for now , I feel I am already pretty secure . But , other than that XP Home had been just about perfect for me . Of course , I feel that the logoff could be a tad faster , and to me , the start could be faster too , but hey , I think most all of us want faster and faster and better , do n't we?Every program I had on PC with Windows ME before upgrading is still on my pc and still works perfectly fine . My pc and Windows XP HOme has been extremely stable , knock on wood , and personally , I am glad I upgraded and I am glad to be rid of Windows ME . Me was ok , but I did have some problems with it and I did have to reload it a few times on my pc from Feb. 2001 to first part of Feb/March 2004 . Finally I decided it was time to move on to XP , that surely it could n't be any worse . I was right.No , XP may not be ALL THAT and a bag of chips too , may not be for everyone and their computer , BUT , it was a good move for me . I believe that on the whole it will be a good move for most people , especially if you are still running Windows 95-98 , and ME . I think you 'll like XP.But , I agree with many ... I do n't believe that Microsoft should automatically load it on all pc 's and expect you to use it . I think when it comes to spending that much money on a computer system and getting what you want ... you should n't have to accept what they have loaded . You should be given a choice on what OS you would like to run .
 Okay , for years , Windows has several colorful names -LRB- Win-duhs , Win-doze , etc. . . -RRB- , mostly because it 's stability is highly questionable . By using NTFS vs. FAT filing system for their latest O/S , Microsoft HAS improved it 's stability and given users a few new features in the process ! Windows XP handles a lot like a cross between all of Microsoft 's platforms . Do n't think it 's problem-free , but it has gotten better ! 1 . STYLE
 I 've been using XP Home on various machines for three years , simultaneously with Linux , and it 's enough time to say that XP has been excellent while Linux was just so-so . Some of the reasons why I love Windows XP :1 . It is amazingly stable . Do you remember Windows 95/98 that were crashing several times a day ? It does not happen with XP anymore . At the beginning , in 2001 , the Internet Exporer was rather unstable and it had to close many times a week . Such things simply do not happen to me anymore , as a result of the updates that have been done . I am getting the blue screen roughly once a year , and it is never unexpected because I almost always do something controversial .2 . It is getting very secure . The Service Pack 2 made the XP the safest affordable operating system . You know , operating systems are not created by God , and therefore there can be holes in them . The same is true about Windows . But Microsoft is a very active company and the hotfixes are available very quickly if it is necessary . The number of bugs that have survived is very small .3 . XP is compatible with all previous software I tried - including very old-fashioned games that used to run under MS-DOS . Although XP is based on the technology of Windows NT/2000 Kernel , which was more stable , it became compatible with the systems 95/98/ME for the home users . XP also works with all modern games and other programs , as well as all external devices , that I 've tried .4 . XP is very configurable . I 've changed the icons of everything - every folder and every file type , as well as all the sounds . It is also very user-friendly , and international support works smoothly .5 . In the case that something goes wrong , it is still very likely that `` System Restore '' will save you . It 's a time machine that can return all system files on your PC to a moment -LRB- checkpoint -RRB- in the past . It has been useful several times to fix various small problems with the configurations that appeared because of new programs I installed .
 Put simply , it 's hard for me to not get excited about Windows XP.Why Windows XP Is Important?Each Windows release has a theme , a reason for it to exist . Windows 95 , of course , moved the DOS/Windows world to the 32-bit space , and brought with it a major change to the Windows user interface . Not coincidentally , Windows NT 4.0 was about moving the Windows 95 user interface to the NT world . Windows 98 was a small release designed to add bug fixes and Internet integration , along with new device support . Windows 98 SE , of course , was an even smaller upgrade with the same mission as its predecessor
 I 've used Windows 95 , 98 and 2000 . I 've also used an OS 9 and 10 Mac . None of them matches Windows XP . It is simply the best , hands down . I even like it better for using Photoshop and Illustrator than a Mac and that statement is virtually heresy in the art world ! First , it is not buggy and not crash prone . It reliably works all of the time . Windows 2000 was very good in that regard and XP is even better . 95 and 98 were terrible regarding crashes and reliability . I 'm also using Windows Media Player 9 with it , which is a terrific player , and I 'm even able to use all wma files -LRB- 1/3 the size -RRB- rather than mp3 after using a converter . I stopped using Real Player after getting on this Player 9 , which works the best with XP . Second , if I need help on something on my computer , I can have my friend in a different city , also on XP , take over my controls using the Net Meeting feature . He was able to reinstall a program for me that was giving me fits . Third , there are loads of special programs that work especially in conjunction with XP that further enhance it , such as Firegraphic 5 where you can see all your images and view them in filmstrips , slide shows and big versions . And that 's just one of many special programs that I 've used on XP . It is also a delight to go to any website and find that whatever you can download there is compatible with XP . One thing that would really turn me off a Mac , by contrast , is the notice on many programs or features on the web that they have n't developed a version yet for a Mac . I also like the way Windows Explorer works in XP and that it looks better than in any earlier version of Windows . As my giant file cabinet , it is very easy for me to keep everything organized in WE and the thumbnails of my jpgs , tifs , ais , htms and so forth are terrific . The task bar is much improved from 2000 and I found I could even get rid of my pop up remover program because XP makes it so easy to close multiple browser windows with one right click on the task bar on a grouped browser window button . I also get beautiful thumbnails now when I use right click . There is a wonderful XP magazine that comes from the UK -LRB- called simply Windows XP -RRB- that I would love to see Amazon have available for subscription . This magazine has a wonderful users forum online that is a great help if you need help with XP .
 Windows XP gives you good compatibility , great security , and wonderful perfomance . The reason I picked 4 stars is because older programs do not work . But the benifits far outweigh the consequences . On the other hand , Linux crashes rarely , but it crashes completely .
 I was lookin at pre-released screen shots and wow ! Looks nice . Ca n't wait to get it . I also hear its more stable .
 this is going to the best operating system ever !
 from what i hear it 's supposed to be the best yet fromwindows ME ! and it does many things to help you with your -- home pc and buisness applications as well as many other -- things.Ile say that it 's well worth the upgrade .
 I have Windows ME on my desktop computer and have constant problems with it . I ca n't even install AOL 9.0 on it because it does n't work with ME.I have Windows XP on my laptop computer -LRB- the one I almost always use now -RRB- . I think that it is far superior to ME . The graphics are better and I have encountered fewer problems with software incompatibility.I 'm glad that Microsoft did n't take a bad product -LRB- ME -RRB- and just add a few things to it . They seemed to have actually attempted to work out some of the problems so XP will have fewer glitches.If you are in the market to upgrade from an older operating system -LRB- Windows 95 , 98 , etc. -RRB- or you have ME and hate it , XP is the way to go . You do n't have to completely relearn everything about Windows , and you get a system that gets the ` evil blue screen ' -LRB- System is Busy OR System Not Responding -RRB- far less.Please keep in mind , this is my opinion . : c -RRB-
 Windows XP surely the most popular as well as most appreciated operating system available in the market today . Not only is it more enhanced than its predecessors , rather it is also more easier to use.Five reasons to use Windows XP Home Edition :1 . Its new outlook is amazing . New icons aswell as new themes , background wallpapers and screensavers makes this fun touse .2 . It is much more stable than Windows 98 -LRB- Said to be the moststable operating system ever -RRB- . For example if any one of yourprogram which is in use crashes due to some internal orexternal error , you can easily END it without restartingyour enitre system . Not only that , you can also view allthe processes in use , not only the Programs -LRB- NOTE : Processeswere never shown in the previous Windows Versions -RRB- .3 . New Folders such as `` My Pictures '' and `` My Music '' allowing youto allocate your pictures aswell as MP3 's in an organisedmanner . When you insert a CD-ROM , be it software , games , ormusic , Windows XP will automatically read it and decide whatits contents are and will open it up for you , without youhaving to do it manually .4 . Built-in Programs such as `` Adaptec Easy CD Creator '' , `` WindowsMedia Player '' and many more .5 . Inludes `` Remote Assistance '' allowing other Windows XP usersaswell as yourself to use each others Desktops in helpingthem solve software problems.One Reason not to use Windows XP Home Edition :1 . Requires a very high performance computer system . If youreally want to have the ultimate Windows XP experiencethen use a similar computer as I did ; 1.7 Ghz , 256Mb RamPressario with a 17 Inch Flat Screen Monitor !!
 This is the first product from Microsoft , other than Encarta , that I have n't had any problems with at all -LRB- yet -RRB- . I just installed it this evening and although the upgrade advisor program said that some of my hardware and a few programs would not work , so far they do !! My internet connection is even better , likely due to the inherent networking built into this version of Windows . I have tried numerous operating systems to find one that is this stable , reliable and easy to work with and so far , this one is coming out ahead . I will likely know more after I use it for a longer period of time , but right now , this is Microsoft 's best OS that they have put out in a LONG time . I hope this review helps . : -RRB-
 Windows XP is the best Windows ever ! I 've worked with 95 , 98 , ME and NT , and XP totally blows them out of the water !!! I had a new Gateway computer with the horrible , worst version of Windows ever -- Windows ME -- on it , and I ended up losing track on how many times it gave me headaches . It seemed like when I was n't reinstalling the operating system from the restore disks Gateway gave me , I was cursing at it left and right over how painfully slow the thing was . By the way my system has an 800 mhx processor , 384 mb of RAM , a 30 gb 7200 rpm hard drive , Nvidia TNT2 video card and Soundblaster 128d sound card . Anyway with this configuration ME was absolutely horrible , but once XP got on it , it totally revived my computer and it worked like it should . I bought the full version right on October 25th last year , did a complete formatting job of my computer to totally erase all traces of ME from my computer , installed XP along with all of my software and updates from the Internet , and a day does n't go by that I do n't thank the Lord Bill Gates helped to created this software . It 's really that good ! My computer has never been this quick before , and I can even install software without a hitch now . Even the upgrade to Office XP from Office 2000 worked flawlessly . Seriously , folks , this is the absolute greatest software you can have on your PC . But regretfully , I would have to say that if you 're looking to buy your first pc or to upgrade your current one , then I suggest you wait until the first service pack is integrated into XP on new machines later this year . That will make XP even better than it already is , unbelievable as that may seem . But if you ca n't wait it will be definitely worth your while to buy a pc with XP on it and then to upgrade later this year to get the service pack . This is definitely one software purchase I do not regret buying !
 I like windows xp because it 's very colorful and it 's really smooth ... no problems so far , but I do n't like the fact that it does n't have any desktop themes , nor any to download . The only thing xp does is allow you to change your wallpaper . I loved the fact that windows 98 had so many themes to choose from .
 Since the release of Windows 95 , there have been few additions to MS 's OS 's that have been so compelling to upgrade to . After Beta Testing the Professional version of Windows XP Professional , I can say that even in beta , Microsoft has this operating system nailed . A rock solid , stable environment on which all PC 's I have installed it on have had performance ratings soar . Microsoft has lowered necessay software installs on top of th e OS by adding native DVD and cd-r/rw support built rightin to the os . It is visually stunning , the first overhaul of the UI since the introduction of windows 95 . The new interface is fresh and intuitive , while the stability and useful features add value to the OS . Sure to please , your sytem will thank you for it .
 The Windows XP Home program is the best of Microsoft since the beginning of the PC era ! I started with Windows 95 . I even tried Windows XP Pro which was a disaster for me ! Microsoft keeps any updates right on time with my XP Home program -LRB- always needed with any program ! -RRB- And , this program get 's the 5 star from me for the most important reason ! It 's very `` user friendly '' !
 i 've been beta testing this for some months . its great . the stability of nt and the tweakablility of 98 . i love it .
 Its true folks . I installed Windows XP Home Edition on three different computers on Oct 25 , 2001 . Not one of those computers has had a single crash since then .
 It is a product where if you know how to work it , its amazing , opposed to if you are a mac user , or are new to windows operating system , its tough to work with .
 I bought my computer two years ago with milleinium installed . I could not believe the problems I had with this OS . Being a UNIX user I expected better . The blue screen of death was my constant companion . The system would blue screen when the screen saver came on . I had read about XP , and thought it could n't be any worse . I did my homework and checked my computer make for compatibility , they said , if you change you are on your own , we built your system for ME . If you are not a computer wizard , do not try this upgrade yourself . I spent over two days upgrading to do the step up to XP . Do I regret it , never . I still keep ME on my drive . I have never went back . I can not believe the stability of this OS.Be aware , new software that really does run on this OS is hard to come by . Do not expect any easy software installations without problems . Drivers are available , but they do not always solve campatibility problems . This will change in time . Do I reccemend the upgrade , YES . I would never go back , but be ready for installation problems with any software . Stability is the issue here , tired of the blue screen ? You will love XP , you can crash it but you really have to work at it . I have never seen a more forgiving OS.DAVE
 Ok I have gone through about 75 reviews of XP , and for the most part it is negative . My Dad 's computer which I use often for games is very reliable and fast . I feature slowdown in some games but that is because of a low-end video card -LRB- 16 MB VANTA -RRB- But the computer has absolutely NEVER crashed , never froze , and I have had no problems whatsoever . Keyword `` Games '' Not `` Word processing '' Thats what my Dad uses it for but that wastes it . Games take up the most system resources of any program except 3D modeling and graphical programs and the such . I have a Pentium 4 1.6 ghz with 128 mb ram , and the computer runs fine . I am getting a new computer in 2 days with XP and I think their will be no problems with that either . That will be a major speed boost -LRB- Athlon XP 2200 + -RRB- With all the high end techie stuff . Trust me , I have been using computer since i was 6 freaking years old , and I have learned all the high tech odds and ends from my college age brother -LRB- which I learned in my young years , and I expanded as I got older without his help -RRB- . So If you are a gamer , GET THIS OS !
 I do n't know why all of these people say such negative comments about Microsoft XP . I mean I have to admit all these people scared me about upgrading this on my computer , but there was no reason . I just follwed the instructions and the setup took about 70 mintues . No biggie . The result was great , it 's a fresher , faster and better new version of Microsoft . This product it definetly worth it . The only con that I did have though is that my printer is n't working and I have to get somebody out here to fix it . So forget the negative comments -- use my and advice and do n't be afraid to upgrade it on your computer .
 I must say , I have been frustrated over the years by Windows identify a problem only to have a wizard walk me through the steps that typically do not solve the problem . I have done 2 installs of XP and it actually did what it was supposed to do and provided good information . It was very easy to network the two computers , even for a novice like myself . The functionality seems pretty good too !
 I have this OS on most all my home PC 's . Windows XP Professional is better ... but if you use XP Home for your home its probably all you 'll need . Oh yeah - download Service pack 2 - its a great upgrade with security features . It even blocks your pop up ads . I am so glad to have that . TIP - back up critical files before downloading any service pack . I did n't have any trouble but its a good practice .
 XP loads up much faster . It -LRB- so far -RRB- appears to be more stable . At least I can run multiple programs without having to worry about the computer crashing or a blue screen of death . I do n't like the new START menu , though . All Windows ME owners should upgrade .
 I ca n't even begin to tell you how much I love Windows XP . Why ? Because when people used to have computer problems with Windows 95,98 , and ME , I was always first on everyone 's list to come fix their computer problems . It was fun at first , but then I was really sick of it . When XP came out , I recommended to all those people to get XP . Now , NO ONE has called me since with a computer problem . That shows you how wonderful this operating system is . XP is not perfect ; but it works well enough to keep the average computer user happy with the condition of their computer . It is virtually idiot proof and it is very difficult to ` mess it up ' . The system restore function is a big plus . Also , Windows XP keeps your system files from being corrupted by viruses by not allowing unauthorized access to the files . I 'm not saying that it 's virus-proof , but much more secure than previous Windows versions . The only downside to XP is that some computer games do n't seem to work good with it unless they were made compatible with XP .
 Since I wrote the following review ** , most of my problems have been fixed with the help of local computer experts . I still had to install another word processing program , but most of the rest of my problems were either user error -LRB- I must admit -RRB- or I had to be walked through the correction process with someone who knows much more than I do . The help screens were pretty much useless , but my system is up and running now . I upgraded the program from 1 star to 4 . I just felt like I needed to change my review . Thanks ! ** I had a local computer company install XP on my computer when I needed some repair work done . I thought I was doing a good thing to upgrade my computer . Oops ! That was a mistake ! As others have related in their posts , my sound is n't working at all . My Windows 98 imbedded Microsoft Works program wo n't work at all and needs to be reinstalled , which I am going to have to pay for . When I switch between explorer and outlook express , my internet connection is broken and I have to continually reconnect . Also , the writing on my screen is small , fuzzy , and looks like it needs to be focused . I do n't mind the XP program itself , but I sure do n't appreciate all the extra money I 'm going to have to shell out to fix the problems I 'm having . Before you decide to upgrade to XP , you 'd better find out about the availability of your current programs -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- when all is said and done . I hope you have better luck than I.
 I just upgraded my operating system from WinME to WinXP and it has opened my eyes to the real computer world ! Twice in a year and a half since I upgraded from Windows 98SE to Windows ME , ME dumped my USB ports . After a week working on the problem , I was able to restore the ports the first time . But then ME dumped the ports again and everything I did and the advice I received from Microsoft and other sources did not fix the problem . A friend told me that if I upgraded to XP , my USB problems would be solved . Man , was he RIGHT ! Not only did XP get my USB ports working , it increased the speed of my computer , has made surfing the Internet so much easier and has added enhancements to the programs I have on my computer that makes them seem like brand new programs . The only problem I have with XP is that I have to purchase software upgrades for my UMAX scanner and my DVD-ROM . But , I can handle that , as long as XP keeps the USB bugs from coming back ! XP . . YOU ROCK !
 The short and skinny on this OS from an experienced MCSE ... Win XP is a good advancement for anyone who has the machine to run it . It crashes less than 98 or ME , has better updating capabilities to keep your OS patched and running , and has compatibility modes for older software.Before making the jump however , check all your PC parts -LRB- printers , scanners , video , audio , etc -RRB- to make sure you can find XP drivers because you might need to purchase some new equipment in order get things running properly . Last , make sure you update any flashable ROMS -LRB- BIOS , video , etc -RRB- in your PC to make the transition easier ...
 I think this is a great solution . Very user friendly and stable . I moved from the Windows ME operating system to the Windows XP Home operating system and am glad I did . I have n't had a single issue with it so far whereas with the Windows ME it was a constant battle for stability from day one . I 'm not sure what the prior reviewer meant by `` Fisher Price '' software as this is almost identical in look and ease of use to the Windows ME only more functional , aesthetically enhanced and MUCH more stable . This is an application for home use -LRB- with the home edition -RRB- and I think as such it 's a great solution . I 've found it very easy to use . It 's more than I wanted to spend but I spent about at least 15 times this amount in my time alone in dealing with Windows ME problems that I had so I wish I 'd invested in it sooner . I did n't purchase the upgrade edition as I thought it would be cleaner -LRB- allbeit more expensive -RRB- to just start from scratch due to all the problems I 'd had with Windows ME . So far so good !
 I 've got to hand it to Microsoft this time around.I started using computers with Windows 3.1 , and I remember the day that Windows 95 and 98 revolutionized the way people used personal computers . Off with the DOS blinders and on to a prettier interface . Unfortunately usability and trustworthiness suffered at this fork in the road . I got fed up with Windows 98 about 6 months ago and upgraded to Windows 2000 , then , when I purchased a new computer , I got happily situated in the XPerience . -LRB- Sorry about the clich&eacute; . -RRB- This new operating system is a must-have for every computer user at any level ! It 's so stable and easy-to-use , aesthetically pleasing , and intuitive . I like the new interface , which is basically the same as older versions of Windows , but with more colors , and playful texture mapping that gives the computer a relaxed aura instead of some flashback to the dreary , cold , sterile office cubicle.There are a few concerns that I 've heard from most people , such as hardware and software compatibility among older versions , and registration . Although I do n't use a wide array of software - in fact I stick entirely to Office XP applications - I do have a few games and accessory programs that I installed on Windows XP without any problems . So , I 'll admit to having limited experience in this area , but , my limited experience has been great.Hardware is one aspect of registration that I dislike . I totally understand Microsoft 's philosophy on product registration to avoid piracy , but , I 'd personally be ticked if I had to replace my network card for school and then learned that my software had been `` turned off . '' So far I have n't had to mess with new hardware ; I pray I never have to.The reason that this happens is because , upon registration , Microsoft takes a snap-shot of your system configuration . If this changes for whatever reason , and Microsoft determines that YOUR software -LRB- and its respective ID number -RRB- is now running on a DIFFERENT computer -LRB- that does n't match your previous hardware profile -RRB- , they 'll cry piracy and shut down your software , causing YOU to go crying back to them , on the phone -LRB- God forbid -RRB- and convince them that you 're a decent person and , by golly , just wanted a faster modem.Yeah , registration is a bug in my ear . But as long as you do n't do anything illegal , it should n't even cross the mind of the average user , or at least , not with much consequence . I hope that Windows XP is around for a long time , because I think it 's the platform of choice for any user , or at least , it should be.So , 5 stars for Microsoft cleaning up their act.But 4 stars for playing Big Brother .
 I 've been running XP for one year and I 've never had one problem with this operating system . I play games , websurf and do personal finance , etc on my home PC and XP handles everything without a glitch . XP is a must have for any home computer .
 Over many years of using windows , this is the best version !
 I was reading some of the reviews and come to this conclusion ... If xp isnt working right on your pc , it is either too old or your doing something wrong . Ive been using this software for over a year now and the only problem I had was at first I had to upgrade my drivers since then it has been running flawless . I also recomend stylexp it really changes the look of your desktop and has just about anything for anyone running xp for there desktop themes . Oh yea dont run under 512mb of memory or you will run slow I run a gig and a 1/2 myself and a amd 1.8 xp processor So if you want a really smooth running operating system I highly recommend xphome and xp proffessional -LRB- remember do not use an old motherboard Ive seen people do it but I notice how sluggish there computers were : -RRB-
 I recently purchased a laptop with Windows XP pre-installed . I have been very pleased . The program seems to run much more smoothly than previous versions , and it has a new slim-line look . It is superior for veiwing DVDs , editing digital films , or even the casual word processing . It is very user friendly , with upgraded tutorials and online help included . Mr. Gates certainly has outdone himself this time ... With every product , however , comes disadvantages . I have only found two . First , since it is not DOS based , it is unable to run many old video games . However , by not beind DOS based it is more userfriendly and dependable . Secondly , the graphics orientated nature can really drain a battery.I highly recommend upgrading to this product . I am sure you will not be disappointed . However , if you are , you can just go into control panel and tell it to run like Windows 98 !
 I 've used the XP pro beta and I like what I saw very much ... I had no problems with it , in fact it work a lot better the windows ME -LRB- well anything works better then Windows ME -RRB- . I was at a computer store and saw a laptop with XP home edition , so I sat there and used and its a great OS ... . Way to go Microsoft ...
 It also include the latest version of common programs like MSN Explorer Internet Explorer 6.0 Windows Media Player 8.0 Another important Xp feature is that it starts fast ... really fast and it load the programs fast too I promise ... you wont be dissapointed
 I ama computer builder and owner of 16 computers . I own every single Windows operating system except Windows 3.1 . Windows XP is the most stable operating sytem there is . The only thing that comes close is Windows 2000 Pro , but it has many compatiblity issues . Windows XP boots extremely fast , about twice that of Win 2000 and leaves 95,98 , Me behind . The only issue that you must BE VERY CAREFULL about is memory . The minimum requirements are very low , but remember that they are minimum and therefore if you are vry close to the minimum requirements it is going to run slow . I would say that to use this product properly you need at least 256MB RAM -LRB- go to crucial.com to get they have the best prices -RRB- and 512MB to really enjoy games and online stuff . As for the people who said that the default color scheme can not be changed it can be changed to over 500 diffrent combonations with any custom color you want . And if you buy a new hard drive you WOULD need to install it again because the old harddrive had your Operating Sytem on it -LRB- Windows XP \ ME \ 98 | 95 | 2000 -RRB- . If you want to add a second drive you have too keep the first one in , then put the second drive in as a primary slave and format it . Also Linux Redhat or the multitude of free versions are not a wise choice to make because there is very limited software for them and any software you have for your windows PC wont work . You should also be warned that a new Windows Operatin System is coming out sometime between OCtober and December 2003 code named Windows Longhorn . You might want to wait for that , but then you might not because win XP is a very good OS .
 Please do n't buy the WinXP upgrade because for one thing I had to renstall it 5 to maybe 6 times and when you do that your harddrive will make sounds . It might make a click sound . I would reccomend the full version of XP . It 's so much better !
 I have been fortunate enough to be a beta tester for this product , though I did not initially install the beta on my drive , after hearing about the `` activation '' clause . I wo n't get into that `` feature '' until the end , since it 's the most talked aboutI have been a user of DOS , Windows 3.11 , Windows 95 , 98 , and ME . My favorite OS , however , has been Windows 2000 Professional . After severe crashes , and abysmal memory management in 98 and Me , Win2000 provided a staple platform , which ran my most used applications -LRB- Adobe Photoshop , Dreamweaver , Office 2000 , Flash 5 -RRB- without a problem . It could be said that XP is the culmination of the best of WinME and Win2000.Now , I had never been a fan of the `` appearance '' of Windows , -LRB- Mac OS 9 - and 10 - had the trophy for the most attractive GUI -RRB- but the look had grown a bit stale ... until Windows XP.On installation , you notice that the beginning has a look of WinME - with it 's installation wizard - but the second part of the installation looks like Windows 2000 - with it 's DOS look . That is the end of the physical similarities.During the installation , it picked up all of my components with no problem , and had all of the drivers needed , including my Network card , and monitor . At first boot-up -LRB- which is about half the Windows 2000 wait on my Athlon 1.2 Ghz -RRB- , you notice an attractive boot splash screen , which then brings you to the first major feature : After setting up and selecting your profile , you come to the main screen . Built with a cleaner , highly customizable GUI , Windows XP can be either exciting for someone who loves to tweak , or a bit intimidating to those who do n't -LRB- Be aware of that before going in -RRB- . The start menu is different -LRB- though you can revert to the `` Classic '' style -RRB- , in layout and function . It provides full access to the main parts you need . The requisite `` Start '' menu has been revised to include My Computer , Network Neighborhoods , and/or whatever else you may want . It 's quite customizable.XP Useful features : Not built on the older DOS engine - Compatibility mode - allows setting programs , which may no be native to XP , to run in 95/98/ME / NT/2000 `` mode '' . Great feature , and it has worked on all programs I have tried . - Enhanced battery life for laptops by : a -RRB- Lid Power . Display is shut down when `` lid '' -LRB- screen -RRB- is closed.b -RRB- LCD Dimming . When using battery power , the display is dimmed , and brightness is restored when plugged into AC . - Device driver rollback - a wonderful feature which allows you to `` roll-back '' to the previous driver , in case you have a conflict with your newly installed one . Allows beta-testing drivers . - Search Companion - much more advanced -LRB- and needed -RRB- search feature . - ClearType - much more precise and clean look for LCD and laptop displays . Also looks great on typical monitors.System Restore - carried over from WinME , this feature allows `` points '' to be created , in order to restore system setting in case you run into problems . Timesaving . - Completely re-designed GUI - Customized Desktops - allows multiple `` profiles '' to be set up -LRB- husband , wife , and kids for example -RRB- which retain settings for icon placement , wallpaper , icons shown , and more . This is great if one of you likes a cluttered -LRB- i.e. save everything to desktop J -RRB- desktop , and another likes a clean one . In my case , my wife does n't want to see all of my icons for my programs , just the one little game she plays all the time . This feature gives XP some personality that has been missing.XP Fairly Useful Features : - CD Burning - Nice inclusion of basic CD burning capabilities , but it must be said , that `` basic '' means `` basic . '' Not hybrid Mac/PC burns , no on-the-fly burning , VCD , etc. . Get Nero 5.5.5.1 if you want great burning software . - Windows Messenger - MS answer to AOL Instant Messenger , allows quick connection to friends , and allows file trading . But it 's also annoying . It takes a toll on the system resources , so you may find yourself disabling it -LRB- like I did ;--RRB- . - Self-contained Firewall - though not as robust as third-party ones -LRB- ZoneAlarm , Norton , etc. -RRB- , it is adequate for most users.XP Misleading/Irritating Features : - DVD playback - this would be a nice feature ... it existed . As it is , however , you need a third-party CODEC , in order to view DVDs.Microsoft Media Player - MP3 ripping/playing is relegated to 96-bitrate , due to `` protecting copyrights '' of CDs . You must get the Plus ! Pack in order to do higher bitrate ripping . It 's ironic that the WMA -LRB- Microsoft 's own format -RRB- can be ripped to and played at higher bitrates.Stability : Anyone familiar with Windows 2000/NT , will be impressed with XP 's stability . I have had to reboot only a couple of times , through the Beta and final versions , and then only due to my motherboard settings.Users of Win95/98/ME will be very happy to know that they will not have the conflicts/crashes which plagues those OSs.Compatibility info : Some of my Software -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- Photoshop 6Dreamweaver 4Fireworks 4Flash 5Cute FTP 1.0 ProNTI CDEasy Creator 5 Deluxe -LRB- Problem . Error pop-ups -LRB- missing file -RRB- when opening . Re-installed WITHOUT Direct CD program . Fixed -RRB- Some of my Hardware -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- Asus Geforce MX 7100 video cardKDS VS-190 monitorNetgear FA311 NIC cardSony 4x4x32 CDRWSoundBlaster Live ! 5.1 sound card -LRB- I did have a problem with this card at first . System would reboot with page-fault errors . I removed-rebooted-reinstalled-rebooted , and updated the drivers - Fixed the problem -RRB- Athlon 1.2 Ghz CPUAsus A7V133 RAID motherboardFrom here you are on your own , but believe me , it is quite a bit of fun to get to know this OS . NOTE
 This review is based on release candidate 2 -LRB- RC2 -RRB- . Can I say anything but Kudos ? The new interface is intuitive to the max . It 's a big step above former versions of Windows and even a cut above Macs . Stability is , well , I ca n't get it to crash . Compatibility is phenomenal . DOS , Win 3.1 and Win9x programs run without a problem -LRB- remember , this is based on the NT file system and kernel , not the DOS-based file system and kernel -RRB- . This is what Windows was meant to be when version 1.0 came out . OK , it took 9 years to get it to this level but , now that it 's where it 's meant to be , there is no reason not to get it if your computer will run it . Most people will be satisfied with the home version . If you have a business or are a real computer geek , then you may want the Pro version . Installation is a snap -LRB- takes about an hour -RRB- and , if you decide that it 's not for you , it uninstalls easily.For me there 's no going back . I think that you 'll feel the same way once you try it .
 Maybe it 's because I have a new pc , so windows xp came pre-installed -- I do n't know -- but I 've had absolutely no problems with it . I was scared out of my wits to add my hardware -LRB- some of which is pre-windows 98 -RRB- after reading some of these reviews . Here 's my advice on successful hardware installation :1 . Go to the web site for the device you want to add . Download their xp driver -LRB- or whatever they recommend using -RRB- . If you have trouble finding it , most sites have a search engine , just search for xp . If you still have trouble , send an email to their tech support . -LRB- The request for XP drivers is the quickest response I 've gotten for ANY tech support request . -RRB- Also print out any install instructions -LRB- more on that later -RRB- .2 . Extract the files if they are zipped .3 . If the device connects with USB , just plug in the USB cable . If not , it might be a good idea to restart windows .4 . Now here is where fear began to creep in on my first two hardware installs -LRB- San Disk compact flash reader , Samsung laser printer -RRB- . Windows detected the new hardware , but did n't display any options on the screen . The next thing I knew , a small message popped up saying the device was installed and ready . I panicked thinking it had used one of those crappy drivers usually included with windows , however , I found both devices were working fine , and the printer had all functions installed!Hey , I do n't know if Windows found the drivers I had downloaded -LRB- remember , I had only extracted , not even installed , the drivers -RRB- , or if XP 's drivers are just that good , I do n't know . The final test came when I was ready to install my CD burner , since I have read about the problems especially with that . I extracted the files , plugged in the USB cable , and no joke , in less than 2 or 3 minutes , sure enough the small message came up that my cd burner was ready . I immediately burned a cd , and absolutely NO problems . The key again , is go to the web site for your cd burning sofware and FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS.Bottom line here folks if you do your homework -- you might be pleasantly suprised ! I 'm rating the product with 4 stars right now because it has n't stood the test of time -- but so far , so good!One of the really neat features is the options window that pops up when you insert a cdrw disk . It automatically displayed all of the digital pictures I had saved and asked me if I wanted to print , view as slide show , or edit . I have n't tried printing yet , but viewing as slideshow was a one-click operation , so was editing . This is SO cool !
 Recently I upgraded computers -LRB- Athlon XP1700 + , 512mb ddr ram , nVidia 4x agp w/64mb ddr ram -RRB- . I had three options , Windows 2000 , XP Home or XP Pro . This was disconcerting because I use my computer primarily for audio editing and software synthesis.This is demanding work and requires components typical users do not have . Driver issues were a concern as it took quite some time for Windows to catch up with the music creation industry.A big negative was the idea of XP spying on me . The idea of WinXP needing to be `` authenticated '' bothered me quite a bit . I use other software that has copy protection that is similar and have had some unpleasant situations including downtimes.As Win2k was not going to be supported fairly soon XP was the decision and in all ways it has proven my preconceptions wrong.WinXP Home is stable . Coming from a Win98se system I 'd grown used to crashes , the blue screen of death and a ergonomically dumb interface . XP changes all that . The expanded Start menu is more funtional that previous Windows versions . Programs may crash but when they do it is easy to terminate them . The worst that has happened is the need to reboot the computer to regain access to certain high performance peripherals . The crashes I grew to expect in Win98se just are n't here on XP.Besides having a smarter user interface it is considerably more secure and FLAWLESS when setting up new or legacy hardware . Every program I use runs better in XP , it does n't hurt having a decent computer but Win98se did n't fare much better on this computer than it 's old sibling.Windows help has been rewritten and is vastly supereor to previous versions . There is a wealth of configuration tips and wizards which make troubleshooting or simply finding information a snap . This friendly layer is beneath a high performance operating system that has more in common with NT or Win2000 than Win ME or older.When I booted up for the first time I did have to spend half an hour even with XP preinstalled . But the time I spent was positive in nature as WinXP kept detecting new hardware and configuring it to run correctly . In Win ME or older versions installing hardware and software could be a painful mess . XP was informative and worked perfectly.Beyond that it stays out of my way when working . This will require some tweaks as Win XP can be intrusive . This is probably to help new users and since these actions are defeatable it is perfectly acceptable . Win XP is as close as a PC user will get to a Mac computing experience . It insulates you from as much as it can . You have to actively seek to do the kind of tedium installing hardware like earlier Windows OS ' . You do have to register to unlock Win XP . If you have a modem or as in my case cable it will configure instantly . There are some legacy equipment that wo n't work with XP but the database of compatible hardware is amazing . When problems occur XP premptively informs you so you can save data . Sometimes it does n't but lets your computer recover quickly . You will be prompted to send the error report to Microsoft but the choice is yours . These reports are used to create bug fixes and update Microsoft 's online FAQs so it 's worth doing.You need at least 256mb ram to run XP comfortably . It will work with 128mb but for the extra cost it 's worth getting some more memory.I chose to have Win XP Home installed with considerable misgivings and came to like it quite a bit . This is the first Windows home OS I would recommend . In fact several friends consulted me . All chose XP Professional or Home . All of them were concerned as I was . All of them love working in it.I have been a beta tester for some versions of Windows . The progress was impressive but this is the version where Microsoft gets it right .
 Unlike many , I thought that Win ME was an improvement over Win 98 , and XP is a quantum leap from ME . Most thoughtful critics of XP will admit that it 's a big improvement , but complain about the activation requirement and the perceived attempt by Microsoft to crush its rivals by integrating still more features into the OS.OK , so you have to activate XP with Microsoft during the first 30 days . Big deal . How is that different from registering -LRB- and paying for -RRB- Norton Anti-Virus updates after the first year ? -LRB- Speaking of Norton , NAV 2001 will not run under XP , but there 's a rebate coupon for upgrading to 2002 -RRB- . As for integrating new features into the OS , I do n't see this as part of an evil plot . In the bad old days , people often had to buy after-market seat belts , stereos , and even air-conditioners for their cars , until the auto-makers got smart and started including these `` options '' as standard equipment . That was seen as progress , not a heavy-handed attempt to establish a monopoly . It 's become fashionable to routinely bash Microsoft , and with some good reason . But let 's give them credit when they get it right . Most users want increased functionality for their PCs , and are n't going to get all bent out of shape if they get it along with the OS itself , as opposed to buying it from third-party vendors.This OS offers consumers a stable platform that 's faster and , at least on my PC -LRB- 1 Ghz P-3 with 256 MB of RAM -RRB- , manages memory much more efficiently than previous versions of Windows did . Installation over Win ME was very easy and took less than an hour . Before installing , the software checks your PC for any possible hardware or software incompatibilities . This check is very thorough , and errs on the side of overly cautious . While it warned me of several possible problems , everything worked fine after the upgrade . My Canon scanner works much better -LRB- and faster -RRB- with the scanner `` wizard '' built into Win XP than it ever did with the third-party software Canon provided.There does not seem to be the gradual loss of system resources that I found to be the case with ME . With ME , after several hours of using several programs and performing various tasks , I would almost invariably have to reboot in order to avoid low-memory problems , even with 256 MB of RAM . So far , that has not been necessary with XP , and the only reboots I 've had to do were after installing new software . AOL v. 7.0 has crashed twice , but the system did not crash and no restart was needed . This is a big improvement over ME.I like the new interface , not just because it 's more attractive , but because it gives the user more control over the way things are laid out . The folder options are quite impressive , and organized in a logical way . The taskbar and Start Menu are more customizable than before , and there 's less clutter on the taskbar when you have many open windows , since the OS groups the taskbar buttons by application . There are only three basic XP color schemes , and the olive green one is really ugly , but the default blue scheme is pleasing . You can modify the schemes the way you could in ME.So , for the money , I feel that I 've gotten a significant upgrade in terms of stability , speed , memory usage , and general ease-of-use . Oh , and the dreaded activation took about 30 seconds .
 This OS is the best one windows has made yet !!! The damn thing boots up so fast and the programs open up in a blink of an eye . The only thing is having enough RAM to really enjoy it . I personally recommend 256mb for good use . Even though 256 is good enough , i still plan on upgrading to 512 . I also do recommend going full instead of upgrade due to compatibility issues . Other than that , it -LSB- is great -RSB- . When optimizing my computer , xp had my exact printer driver i could choose from in a list . Also all the software installation of my graphics and sound cards went like clockwork . EVERYTHING WORKS !!! GET THIS OS ... IT ROXORZ !!!
 I 'm really happy with the quality of the product I bought from the Amazon web site . The seller decription of the product was spot on . I got the product as quickly as promised and would by from them again if I see they have something I 'm interested in.Thanks so much .
 I ordered a copy of xp for a secondary computer 's operating system , and I recieved the order in a few days , in great condition ! As a matter of fact , I got the order before my computer was done being built.Recommeded highly , and thanks again you guys !!
 There were times that I thought to myself , Man ! Microsoft is good . But now with all the security flaws that this product has , I 'm thinking how stupid can Microsoft Security experts be ?? As far as I know they are highly overpaid for the job that they 're doing , and even the patches contain virus !! Not that it 'd utterly their fault , but come on people . Microsoft is suppose to have the highest QA . I know a lot of die hard microsoft fans are out there , and they will believe what they wan na believe no matter what . But it is really hard to make a case for the quality of this product . Sure it 's fancy and has lots of eyecandy but so Mac O/S achieves even more in that department . The Ms search is really bad and crashes the system and system cleanup has gotten way slow . Honestly the only positive thing about this product is the Hearts -LRB- game -RRB- ! Skip this one and get Fedora or even lispire . 1 star for hearts and 1 star for the graphics . Add -10 for security and there you have it -8 stars .
 xp is different from 98 its cleaner , defined , and more well maintained you may not no but windows xp longhorn is going to be realeased soon i find xp much better then keeping and outdated OS
 I like some of the security features that come with Windows XP home , such as the firewall , and Windows 2000 security platform . However there are other advance techniques that the operating system will not let you do . Another problem is software compatibility ... some of my old -LRB- not that old purchased last year -RRB- programs do not work even with the compatability wizard . I do n't want myself and others to get caught up and too dependant upon the product for help and let the operating system do everything for me , I 'd like to learn and setup my own features . My laptop came pre installed with Windows XP and it is good until I put software on it for my digital camera . I will keep Windows 98 on my computer until the new operating system stops rejecting my software .
 I upgraded from the fecal Me to XP about 2 months ago . I experienced a wealth of compatibility problems with hardware and pre-installed software . Nothing seemed to work and I was actually tempted to wipe my hard drive and go back to Me.Well , I patiently and painstakingly visited the appropriate websites for all of my hardware -LRB- video and sound cards ; mother board ; digital camera -RRB- and software , and 99 % of those pages had updated drivers and patches to render their products XP compliant.Well , the ONLY problem I 've had since then is speed . My PC runs some old games TOO FAST -LRB- P4 1.7 GHz ; 512 MB ; GeForce 2 32MB -RRB- . So I downloaded a utility to slow down my processor when I want to and now all is right in my Windows world . I have n't had anything remotely resembling a crash and have n't even had to reboot except in the normal course of enabling different software features.The new features are kind of underwhelming , although I do make good use of the multilingual options . There were a few things in Windows 98 and Me upon which I 'd hoped XP would improve , but apart from the ability to input and view Chinese characters , there is little to get excited about in terms of XP 's new features.Fortunately , I did n't upgrade for the features but for the efficiency and stability . With that in mind I can only feel that I truly got my money 's worth.After a history of Microsoft-generated headaches -LRB- we all seem to conveniently forget about how that company has so immensely improved our world -RRB- , I 'm reluctant to praise them . But after having taken a few simple and necessary measures to render my system compatible , I have to say that Windows XP is not perfect , but quite satisfying and clearly the best Windows OS yet .
 Windows XP Home Edition was just what I needed . I have had hardware since Windows 98 , and Windows 2000 and ME never supported it , XP has the drivers already installed , i like that , no looking for them driver disks . Second , It never locks up ! I have a program that tells me my system Uptime -LRB- how long its been on -RRB- and i got my PC over 10 days -LRB- AMD 500 Athlon , 256 MB Ram system -RRB- running all my standard , everyday programs . Third , Windows XP has a new image , I got tired when Windows ME was almost like Windows 2000 Pro , 98SE , Windows 95 . Boring OS 's are the same , Exactily Like Macintosh , they finally changed with there new OS though -LRB- bout time -RRB- And the Sound Quality with Windows XP is greater ! Rip , Mix , burn , all on one program . Then you can also edit them boring home movies on it -LRB- with a Video Input Card or TV Card -RRB- also organize them pictures you take with the Digital Camera , edit them too . Only 1 problem with Microsoft Windows XP , if you own a second computer -LRB- ex
 For those of you upgrading to WinXP , let me break this down briefly . Compatability issues and many more problems have always been the standard for any OS upgrade . I 'm not saying the upgrade does n't work ... it does and will give you a taste of XP , but lingering issues will leave you boggled . Here 's the pro 's & con 's and recommendations : Recomendations for Upgrade vs. Full : - You have lots of programs you want to keep or were pre-installed on your computer . Be aware that many programs will need Hotfixes , new decoders , or an upgrade themselves . - You do n't know how to reinstall software or do n't have the time . - You do n't want your complete computer turned . The Full edition wipes clean everything and installs only what is on the XP disk . The previous restore disc can not and will not work because it does n't recognize the computer - simply , although your hardware is the same ... the registry is n't . > This refers to application recovery and not a full restore < - You do n't have an extra $ 99Pros - Upgrade : - A wealth of drivers-Cleaner and smoother than any previous Windows OSPros - Full : - A wealth of drivers-Cleaner and smoother than any previous Windows OS-Installs a fresh OS , no shadows of previous OS-NTFS file system is easier to obtain due to new partitioning of local disc-You have all the power to add applications you want without removing every pre-installed software that came with the computer.-Without the clutter of the upgraded OS , the computer operates faster and more reliable.-Simple installation - Insert disc and restart the computer , no overlapping installation in windows ... it starts with the computer , follow the instructions and you are there.-Support for all types of digital entertainment and media.Cons : - Files are redirected and moved into different folders.-Compatability issues galore-Reinstalling previous software and upgrading them -LRB- if the company supports it -RRB- - Lingering remnants of the old OSCons - Full : - You do n't have software you had before and will have to buy them or prove that you had them -LRB- whether the companies will care ... I do n't know -RRB- * Excludes any Office products you reinstall ... but that 's Microsoft ... so you get the point-If you have a DVD-ROM , you 'll have to get a decoder and software ... Windows Media Player has a troubleshooting guide that will help you -RRB- * Only for people wanting to use WMP for DVD , I opt for WinDVD 4There are many issues to be addressed and I wanted to be brief . My recommendation is to go Full , here 's why on my end : - Upgraded from Windows 3.x to 95 in it 's day-Upgraded from Windows 95 to 98SE when it came out-Upgraded from Windows 98SE to ME * same deal-Upgraded from Windows ME to XP - on current computer-Fully installed XP on this computer and found no problems , especially with the new NTFS -LRB- a better file system than FAT32 -RRB- If you 're curious , my specs are : * I list this only because you may have the feeling I 'm running an obsolete machine . Well , once you buy it , it 's obsolete ... true . The previous upgrades were done on computers such as a P 133 , PII 300 , and a AMD 600HP Pavilion1 .2 GHZ512 DDR RamDVD-RomCD-RW80 GB Hard Drive
 Microsoft finally got it right with Windows XP -LRB- Home Edition -RRB- . Based upon the highly reliable Windows NT , XP is a stable , reliable , and thoroughly functional operating system that cures most of the flaws that earlier versions of Windows are known for.First and foremost , the `` Blue Screen of Death '' is gone ! I run XP on three computers in my home via a home network , and I have literally never seen the dreaded Blue Screen . While both Windows 98 -LRB- which I thought was a pretty good OS -RRB- and Windows ME -LRB- horrible !!! -RRB- require frequent re-booting , XP does not . You can go weeks , even months , without rebooting XP . It is stable and reliable.Speaking of home networks , XP Home Edition does a very good job if you want to set up a peer-to-peer network in your home . We run one notebook -LRB- via a wireless connection base station hub -RRB- and two desktops via XP , and you can literally set something like this up in less than an hour , counting hardware hookups . The Networking Wizard actually works , and takes almost all of the pain out of setting up a network . If you want a peer-to-peer home network , XP is for you.One warning -- XP does not support a domain -LRB- server -RRB- network . If you are interested in this sort of configuration you want Windows Professional Edition . You can not use XP for this.Windows XP is well-supported as regards various peripheral devices . When I upgraded , I had no difficulty downloading the necessary drivers for my three printers , one scanner , and various other devices . Most worked OK out of the box , but upgraded drivers are available from most vendors via the internet.Speaking of the Internet , XP is truly dependent upon the Internet , and I would imagine that a user without Internet access would find XP very difficult to use . XP is among the new generation of software of which Internet access is an integral design assumption . The OS uses the Internet to register itself , obtain updates , and obtain drivers . This is reflective of a trend whereby in my opinion every computer installation will in a very real way have as its centerpiece the Internet connection of the user . Dial-up 's days are numbered too -- XP files , like most files nowadays , are simply too large for a 56K dial-up modem.In my opinion Microsoft hit a home run with Windows XP , almost enough to cause me to forgive them for Windows ME , which was absolutely awful . If you are using ME , RUN , do n't walk , to upgrade .
 From the day I got my laptop , I was impressed with this version of Windows . I 've had Windows 3.11 , Win95 , Win98 , and Win2000 , and this one is definitely the best - no question about it in my mind . It seems others have questioned it in their reviews , but I 'll tell you why this product really is a must-have ! Compatibility . This is something new users might not always consider - your operating system needs to work all of the programs you have and will get , your printer , etc. . This is not a problem for WinXP ! For hardware , it has the most comprehensive database of drivers included with an operating system to date , so it should work with your hardware . For software , new software will be designed for it and old software will work as well because you can actually tell WinXP to run a program under Win98 mode , or Win95 mode , etc.Usability . Installing hardware ? It 's easy - especially with USB . USB is finally realized in WinXP ! I just plugged in my printer to the computer and before I could do anything , it give me a little message `` New hardware has been detected . '' Then , it displays `` An HP Deskjet 812c has been detected . Please wait ... '' Finally , it displays `` Your printer is now ready for you to use . '' I did n't press a button ! Maybe if you have hardware from 5 + years ago , it would n't be as easy -LRB- that 's a two-year-old printer , though -RRB- . But generally , Microsoft has done a great deal of work to write things in plain English . Its control panel used to be a place for only tech experts , but now it 's understandable to any user.Aesthetics . Say `` goodbye '' to drab , gray rectangles ! I always thought Windows looked too much business , not enough personality . Now , some reviews have indicated that their personalities clashed with WinXP 's out-of-box personality , but Windows includes many themes and I 'm sure one of them would match anyone 's personality . I 'm just crazy about the rounded corners of everything . Also , I think it gives everything a larger feeling of depth - the feeling of more room makes things look less cluttered to me.Multimedia . WinXP seems to have really been built with multimedia in mind . For folders with images and movies in them , you can set the fold to display as a slideshow -LRB- with the icons at the bottom and it displayed above -RRB- , as thumbnails , or your standard views -LRB- list , icons , etc -RRB- . For movies , WinXP includes Windows Movie Maker which allows you to edit and organize your movies . Media Player really is multimedia convergence at its best . From this one program , you can watch movie files , DVDs , organize and listen to music , and now it will actually burn CDs . Speaking of burning CDs , all you need to do now is drag files onto the CD burner drive icon and WinXP makes a list of things that you want to burn onto the CD and will then do it at the press of a button.Remote Assistance . I hope people take advantage of this great feature . You can let a technical support person or friend remotely control your computer ! First of all , do n't worry about people doing without your authorization - Microsoft knew that would be a risk and has taken extraordinary measures to ensure that does n't happen . But with remote assistance , an expert can show you how to do something or solve a problem on your computer while they 're thousands of miles away!User Switching . Does more than one person use your computer ? WinXP makes it feel as though each user has his or her own computer ! `` My Documents '' really become your documents as you have your own folder that other users ca n't see unless you let them . There 's nothing more an OS can do to assist multi-user computers - computer time allotments are still your problem
 I am not expecting too much after I read like 10 negative comments about this product . But My window ME was cruched the 3 times already , I am really sick of re-install everything over again . That is why I bought this product to give it a try.My computer is P4 1.3 GHz 256M ram , DM2 DJ machine , Epson scanner , DVD rom , CD rewritter , cable internet . After I install window XP , it asked me to remove Mcafee virus program , and CD creator.Those programs are not support in XP . And that is it . Every other device are fine . The XP really tells you what is wrong in your computer . You just fix whatever it ask you to do . All other software like Screen shot 2.0 is 4 years ago . It works fine in window XP . My computer is super fast , that I am never felt before , I guess that is what P4 should be . Have a little faith to try this product , ONLY PROBLEM IS WAY TOO EXPENIVE .
 Forget the negative reviews from people on here who probably have n't even used Windows XP . If you can look past the fact that it 's a Microsoft product , you 'll see a very robust , stable OS that is more user friendly than 9x . And Product Activation ? It 's done before you know it started , then that 's it . It has been proven to protect your privacy , while simply enforcing the same EULA that MS has had all along . No big deal , and certainly not a reason not to upgrade . Just be sure to take the results of the Upgrade advisor seriously . If it says something may not work , it wont work . But if your hardware is compliant , this is a must have upgrade in my opinion . 1 crash since I installed it on Oct 25th , and that was the fault of the video driver and has been fixed . And I keep my PC up 24 hours a day . Give XP a shot , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 It is a great deal , BUT Microsoft should review their activation policy , since that I can not install the same disk I bought on my laptop , so I have to go and buy another one for the SAME PRICE again !! This will surly decrease the market demand , it will give a `` boom '' to competitors in this condition , specially there are new regulations against Microsoft OS market policy . I suggest a small fee can be represented in activation for a whole new platform , something like that . Thank you .
 `` If their database shows that you have already `` activated '' this software before , they will demand a reason why you want another activation code . If they think you are trying to install the software on more than one machine , they can deny you the activation code , thereby rendering the software useless . The aim of this is to make sure that you buy one separate copy of Windows XP for each machine you own . Be aware that , even after you have bought this software , Microsoft still has the ability to deny you the ability to use what you have paid for . `` I have reloaded XP from scratch several times in the last two weeks with no issues or added frustration from Microsoft . Registration and activation are easy and painless processes . What is not painless is the lack of drivers for almost all of my name brand hardware . Very few pieces of equipment I use are supported by XP . No hysteria , no `` Big Brother '' , just poor planning and luke warm support . In the end it is a nice OS , not the apocalypse .
 I 'm so surprised by this product that I ca n't find the words ... first of all read my story and then you 'll know why I 'm so surprised . I bought a new computer last week and tried to install Windows Me on it . You can read my experiences on that page , I was nervous and could n't understand why my computer did n't work the way I wanted it to work and why an OS that 's planned to serve the needs of a player does n't support hardware that 's for playing . I was so confused with Me that I decided to try and buy XP Home Edition.It comes as a total revelation to me . Undoubtedly , it is THE OS that every home user needs . The installation process was easy , I had absolutely no problems with it , it finished in 30 minutes and now it is running . The look is great , everything is easy to install . The most surprising fact is that though the looks are great , this time the core is stable as it comes from Windows 2000 -LRB- the NT line -RRB- . I had Win 2000 before Me on my old computer and I have to tell you that it worked without crashing for 15 months . After taking a look at XP 's features I can surely tell it will run without complications for the next 100 years . Though it 's demanding on harware you should know that the minimum systems sold nowadays meet the requierments of XP . From the price I bought a computer 3 years ago -LRB- P2 350 with 64 MB RAM -RRB- I could buy last week a P3 866 with 768 MB RAM . This suits perfectly the needs of XP . This means you do n't have to worry if you buy a new computer . On older systems however it wo n't run so smoothly as on this one , for those systems I would n't advise this OS . For new systems anyway this is the choice.Hardware support is simply unbelievable , it recognised everything and did n't have to install any drivers for anything and this includes a video card , a sound card , a CD-ROM , a CD-RW , a webcam , a scanner and a printer . It had all the drivers I needed to run these things and the XP software for the webcam is 1000 times as useful as the one provided by the manufacturer . Unbeliavebale , is n't it?So all Me and 98 users , if your computer meets XP 's needs , it 's time to change your OS . You 'll have the same good expereiences I 've had with XP and wonder why Microsoft could n't make this OS before . It works the way you want it to work , it does the things you want it to do . After Windows Me -LRB- which was the most unpleasant surprise from Microsoft -RRB- this is a complete revelation .
 Its a bit different than ME but it has grown on me and now I like it better than any other windows system that Ive had . .
 While Windows XP still has an occassional `` error '' it surpasses its predessors by miles !
 After what I think , this is one of the best ` Windows ' editions ever , it 's both colorful and useful , and there is many new ways to make better shortcuts .
 I was in the market for a new operating system for my uncle 's aging computer and tried my best to weigh all of my options before saddling him with an entirely new OS . You must understand a few things . Firstly , my uncle has very limited experience with computers . And , well , he 's just not too bright . Between you and me he 's probably mentally disabled . It 's kind of disturbing when you think about it especially since he sired children with my Aunt . The kids are all normal though , except for Tommy who was born without a nose . Sad too because my uncle was too cheap to get him a real prosthetic , instead they built him a nose out of Legos . Hooked it on there with Velcro . Bizarre.Back to the operating system . I purchased XP and installed it on my uncle 's computer and he 's been pretty pleased with it . Installation was a snap and we had no hardware conflicts to speak of . From a usability standpoint he swears it 's been a godsend . He especially enjoys using the mouse and is getting used to the whole icon thing -LRB- he was previously using UNIVAC -RRB- . No complaints here . Windows is great .
 Just got it , but noticed it still has all MS games -LRB- minesweeper , Freecell , etc. -RRB- , but no Word for Windows here . Still it looks very promising ! Had to download Canon drivers , but that took 1 minute -LRB- for both -RRB- from their website !
 I know it is probably redundant to write a review about a product 90 % of you who are reading this review are using , but I could not resist the temptation . Windows XP offers a bevy of new features and options , easier file management , effortless navagation and fresh graphics . Flies circles around earlier Windows versions . Perhaps it is my computer -LRB- Dell Dimension 4300 -RRB- , but programs all too often suddenly and inexplicably lock up . There is nothing more frustrating than being in the middle of an important online business transaction and you get a `` Windows has encountered a problem and will have to close '' message ! Maybe that is just the cost of using technology . Should not bite the hand that feeds me . It could be worse - that other system which will remain nameless !! Anyway , does there have to be a Windows update almost every year ? Windows 95 , Windows 98 , Windows 2000 , Windows ME , Windows XP . Bill Gates , I apreciate your ambition to constantly improve the product , but could you wait a couple years longer to release a Windows update ? I know I am speaking in vain . There will probably be another Windows by the time I finish writing this review .
 I regard Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition as one of the best software ever presented . In comparison to other softwares , the XP by far exceeds any limit , thereby making it the software of the century . Overall , I think every PC user should try and grab a copy of this versatile software . Nuff said .
 Win XP can only satisfy the new-aged computers and hardware out in the market right now , or soon to be out in the market . For those people that give Win Xp a one star , I guess you 're not ready for `` change '' quite yet .
 Good product . Did what I expected of it . Totally satisfied . Decent value for the money . I do not regret purchasing this product from the vendor .
 I am very happy with my purchase . I am begining to Depend on Amazon.com to find what I need , when I need and for a good price . thanks again
 Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition UPGRADE with SP2I 'm very pleased with the quality of this product and the speedy response to my order . I 'm updating an older laptop from Windows 98SE and a desktop computer with the same version to Windows XP Home Edition UPGRADE .
 XP has been great . I have n't had my computer crash or freeze yet . It did happen in the past with 98 .
 I 've recently upgraded my two year old home computer from ME to XP and was totally blown away by how easy and simple the process was.The ONLY complaint I have is that during the upgrade Microsoft wiped out all my Netscape email addresses and all the messages I had stored on my computer . They were nowhere to be found . Fortunately , three months ago , I saved my email addresses to a separate drive so I did n't lose all my addresses just some of the more recently changed ones . Unfortunately , I did lose all of my email messages which really upset me since I had several items that I was keeping copies of for shipping confirmations and about account information.So basically , if you upgrade to XP and like to use Netscape , export your current addresses and messages to a safe location that proprietary Microsoft wo n't seek out and destroy !! Other than that , I have absolutely no complaints and am extremely happy with the system . Everything boots up quickly , have n't had any lockups yet and the interface is very easy to use .
 MICROSOFT XP HOME EDITION UPGRADE saved the life of an innocent notebook computer !!!! If you are deciding whether or not to take a sledgehammer to your Microsoft ME system , have heart !!! My husband was ready to incinerate his notebook because he thought he had bought a lemon . Well , he had bought a lemon , alright . It was not the hardware but the Operating System which came with it
 This is what windows was meant to be ! This OS is a perfect os for gamers and just as good when it comes to buisness ! My computer runs atleast three times faster with this new OS my machine ! It was also the best and fastest installation of windows ever ! -LRB- When you install windows xp , make sure that if u have a secondary cd rom drive like a cdrw drive , make sure there are no IDE plugs going into it . windows installation sometimes gets confused with which drive it is reading -RRB- Gamers should love this OS because it has a compatibility mode on it , which reads the code , and , if it can , transfer it to the new xp coding . My games run a lot faster with XP , and i 'm a heavy gamer ! Buisness geeks should enjoy this OS also . It is extremely easy to use and run power hungry buisness APS.New users to windows or mac users will love the new interfase especially , but i have used every version of windows from 3.1 to xp , and i LOVE the new interfase . It may take a day to get used to it , but it is completely worth it . If you do n't like the interfase , you can switch it to classic mode.The Start Menu is much better than any other version of windows . When you click on the start menu , it will show the start menu but with only your most used or most important files . You can then click on the ALL PROGRAMS button to show all of your programs!Product Activation is easier than everyone else thinks . You can do it once you install XP!So , my opinion is that this is a great OS . Just dont make the mistake i did . Disconnect your secondary drive , and DONT USE THIS OS WITHOUT ATLEAST 256 MB OF MEMORY ! You will definetly regret using only 128mb after installing xp on a 733mhz computer or lower . I have a 500mhz . It ran slugishly at 128 . Yes , this is wierd , but i upgraded . It was no big deal . If you have 128 , but get another 128 . You only need that much . At amazon.com it only costs you ... a few ... dollars for an extra 128mb of ram ! Get xp at the best place there is ! Amazon.com , and do n't forget to upgrade your ram ! Get it at amazon.com !!!
 Other buyers of this product say it is difficult for you to install this , but for me it went smoothly . The only thing that was bad about it , is that the download is lengthy , but it 's worth the wait ! Improvements in all sections of Windows . The program is easier to use for both experts and beginners ! The programs are set out for most commonly used to least commonly used . Which makes it a faster and easier program to deal with . This program actually improves your computer to higher speed of opening and turning of the computer . Well , that 's all I have to say about this beautiful , easy to use Windows program .
 I 've been using XP for about a month now , without a single crash . All my programs and hardware run without a problem . -LRB- I did have to purchase a new version of Roxio Easy CD creator , but the upgrade is worth the price . -RRB- As other reviewers have mentioned , it 's better to do a clean installation of XP rather than updating Windows 98 . So back up your files onto some CDs or zip disks , wipe your computer 's hard drive clean , and then install XP . You wo n't regret it .
 I purchased a BYO system and went with an OEM version of XP Home edition . Given Microsoft 's track record when coming out with a new OS -LRB- always wait at least 1 year to make sure most of the major bugs are out -RRB- , I was skeptical ; but , to my surprise I have been VERY pleased with XP so far . I leave my computer on 24/7 , and I have not seen ONE B.S.O.D. since I installed it a month ago . In fact , I have not had to restart my computer ONE time due to a system crash/lockup . I was also concerned about having to download drivers for all of my peripherals and plug-in cards ; but again , Microsoft surprised me ! My printer , network card , cd-rw drive , video card and gamepad installed almost instantly without me doing anything ! XP comes preloaded with MANY drivers , and when the device is plugged in XP instantly recognizes it and loads the correct driver before your even done sitting down . No hardware wizard to mess with ... just a quick painless install.My recommendation ? Backup all your files , wipe out your hard drive and install XP from scratch -LRB- NOT as an upgrade or on top of ' 98 -RRB- . This will ensure you get the smoothest operation . Also , as mentioned , XP may not support some older devices ; but if it 's not supported it 's probably time for you to get a new one anyway .
 I have to laugh at the few -LRB- and you 'll notice it 's very few -RRB- reviewers who hate XP . Several of those reviewers seem to think that XP pales in comparison to Millennium ! That 's the OS that even MS thinks of as the bastard child no one should talk about and they admit was junk . I 'm not sure how you can take their opinion seriously . The other few bad reviews seem to be from Mac freaks who just want to bad-mouth Windows . BTW , my wife has a PowerBook and she spends a fair share of time swearing at it over lockups and system glitches.I am an IT Director for fairly large company , we now have XP -LRB- Pro -RRB- on about one third of our systems and I have helped install both the Pro and Home version on probably a dozen or so personal PC , so I have some experience . The only reason not to install this upgrade would be that your PC is so old it is n't capable of running it . In that case , go out and buy a new PC with XP on it . If you have a competent system for XP , you will be amazed at the difference ; I have several friends who thought they had gotten a new computer after installing XP.As to the negative comments by other reviewers : - Yes , it does have a memory appetite , but that 's a good thing , I want the OS to know how to use the RAM . The biggest problem with the 98x OS 's was the memory limitation and the computer would spend half the time swapping stuff in and out of RAM . Besides , memory costs next to nothing these days.-Yes , a full install is the way to go , but I have always recommended that . It 's the only way to make sure you have flushed all the old files . XP supports so much hardware ; you probably wo n't have to go searching for any drivers.-Activation is necessary in most cases . Again , so what ? It takes 10 seconds online and you do n't have to give any personal info . The only reason I think people complain about this is that they can no longer get free copies from their friends , is n't that sad ? - No anti-virus built in . Could you imagine the antitrust howls if MS started `` bundling '' anti-virus software ? - Not stable , not compatible , etc. . XP is built on Windows 2000 , which is fairly universally regarded as a very stable OS , but is not built on the same kernel as the 98x OS 's so you may have problems with some very old software . I emphasize `` very old '' because I personally have not run into any problems with old software that were n't solved with the `` compatibility '' settings in the program properties . I think most of the problems that some have experienced stem from not knowing how to set the compatibility properties -LRB- read the manual -RRB- . The other cases may be true problems with old software , but at some point you might need to move on to something newer than WordStar , my old Beta tapes do n't run in my DVD player either!In short , assuming you have a reasonably new system with a proper amount of memory , switching to XP will be a pleasant experience .
 I have read through these reviews and many people state that XP is just a flashy operating system that was designed for looks . Well if you ever plan on doing video editing on your computer which many will be doing as DVD burners get more popular , Windows 2000 , XP and NT are your only choices with the NTFS file system option . Windows 98 and Windows ME use FAT 32 which limits the size of a file to 4 gig . This is roughly about 18 minutes of video . Windows XP and Windows 2000 allow the user to select the NTFS file system which get past this file size limitation . I do n't know about you , but with my 100 gig hard drive , I want to be able to work with files that are larger than 4 gigs . The size of a burned DVD is 4.7 even in compressed format . If you are using ME you will be limited to 4 gigs for burning DVD 's with the rest not used.Windows XP and 2000 are the only way to go for digital camera/DVD enthusiasts .
 The first thing I noticed about Windows XP , was the brilant colors and how it was alike to msn . But Windows XP is much more than an eye catcher , it has new features that make it a must have . Windows XP is VERY user frendly . It lets you custimize almost anything you want . New DVD/Video software is included too , for people who have digital capturing devices . But even with all that , they have enhanced proformance , and protection . One of the biggest problems people had in older versions of windows , was frequent freezing . With windows XP , that rarly happens at all . Your sure to find even more exciting new features in Windows XP . And surprising , the Home Edition Upgrade is only $ ... ! I highly recomend this product for anyone who owns a computer .
 That title says it all . I installed Windows XP on three different computers - 2 desktops and 1 laptop . The computers have all been 1000 % stable for the last 10 months . A lot of the complainers writing these reviews obviously do n't know enough to update their sound and video drivers . Or they buy cheap no-name hardware made by manufacturers who do n't care enough about their customers to provide good quality software drivers .
 I was waiting a while to order this from Amazon.com , but when I saw the rebate offer , I bought it right away . Why did I wait!I love the new look of Windows . Everything seems to be more seamlessly integrated . It was so easy to set up , a couple of software configuration problems but ... I 've always hated the `` power and dominance of Microsoft . '' But XP makes your computer run so much better , better file management , better media play , much more stable -LRB- havent crashed it since ! -RRB- If you have bought a new computer recently but before XP came out , please buy this . If you like to have the best of the best , like to be organized , and use your computer often , this is a no-brainer buy .
 The best Windows ever ! Combing the rock solid stability of Windows 2000 with the Home & Multimedia Features of Windows Me ! That 's what I 've been waiting for!A must have !
 I 'm one of the Windows Preview Program participants and have used Windows XP Beta 2 , Release Candidate 1 & 2 and have been most satisfied . If you 're looking for an OS with the stability and robustness of NT/2000 and the compatibility of the Windows 9x family , your wait is nearly over . Come October 25 , you 'll do well to upgrade to Windows XP !
 I have been using Microsoft Windows XP -LRB- beta 2 , RC1 , and RC2 -RRB- for several months now and have been thoroughly impressed with the stability , features , and security of this awesome operating system . This product is definately worth purchasing . Way to go Microsoft !!!
 im currently using a test version of windows xp and i love it . Dont listen to all the bull , pick up xp oct 25th and you wont be sorry ...
 Windows XP is the best OS available . It will deliver over 99.99 % reliability and will run all software that work on any previous Windows OS . There is no better OS available , and if you are looking for the best , get Windows XP .
 Windows XP is Microsoft 's best operating system ever made!It provides the stability of Windows 2000 with the functionality of Windows 98/me plus a lot more . Windows XP sets the standard for reliability and performance . Plus the new user interface makes Windows XP the most easiest operating system ever !
 Very easy to use !! It also has great features , and has a very modern look .
 I think XP is really great ! To the people who have incompatibility issues , they are NOT irreconciable in most cases . You ALWAYS have to get the drivers for your older hard and software when you upgrade your operating systems . Many times , these are totally free and downloadable online . Check it out . This happened to us when we went from Windows 95 to 98 , it 's pretty standard . Such is the `` progress '' of computers !
 Windows XP lets you name your computer , have 4 different accounts which you can vary , have the classic bar style or the new Windows XP style , different colors of bars , a favorites thingy which you can put anything on , a cool recycle bin , you can log off or just go to a different name , each account can vary there pictures , Music , Wallpaper , and even screen saver , there can be up to 4 accounts with a guest , it has 6 discs of cool XP software , and the # 1 reason to get Windows XP is that you can download something if it only works on 1 kind of Windows , because it 's like All Windows into one cool program !
 I bought a new computer with Windows XP Preinstalled on it and it works fine . I Love the new interface as well as it easily identified my hardware and software perfectly . I just popped in my CD-R and it says `` New Hardware Found '' and installed it itself . I love thhis version of Windows , definately better than 98 or ME . Great OS .
 I rate this upgrade a one of the best -LRB- for your money -RRB- purchases i 've made in the last 10 years . Microsoft has created a truly user friendly environment , but kept the core strong . XP may look all warm and fuzzy , however , it has been built on an amazingly strong OS.Thanks , Microsoft !
 I really like this Operating System and I am big fan of Microsoft going back to DOS 3.1 and using all of their subsequent updates . This is the best , but has one big caveat . It is a good idea to run the Windows preinstallation free software to make sure your hardware and software is compatible to Windows XP . I had to get new Anti-Virus Software and a lot of IBM 's preloaded programs will not run on Windows XP i.e. PC Doctor , IBM Web Access and a few others . I would also add more RAM to run Windows XP ; at least 256MB . RAM is very inexpensive and 256MB 133MHz NP SDRAM Unbuffered DIMM Upgrade is on sale at IBM.COM.However if you upgrade Windows ME to Windows XP Home Edition -LRB- Upgrade -RRB- there may be driver issues as I experienced and now have to remove both Windows ME and Windows XP Home Edition -LRB- Upgrade -RRB- and install an original Windows XP Home Edition or Windows XP Professional .
 I recently installed the upgrade on my self-built system . With Windows 98 I had to manually install every driver for my hardware manually ... It was a huge pain . Man was I impressed when I installed XP ! It automatically located drivers for ALL of my hardware , I can finally throw away all of those driver disks ! Woohoo ! I also had to test it 's functionality , so I ran 10 programs simultaneously , copied files across my network AND hard drive all at once , and I was STILL able to continue running additional programs . This upgrade is a must for people who are huge on multitasking -LRB- it has n't locked up once -RRB- . Keep in mind that I do have a P3 1 GHz with 256 MB RAM and an Ultra ATA 100 Hard Drive , so I 'm sure that does help a lot . Needless to say I ca n't wait until the copy of XP for my laptop arrives .
 I upgraded to XP from Windows ME.I ca n't list all the benefits that have come from this investment!For one , I have had it about a week and I have not crashed yet!Also , the new interface -LRB- LUNA -RRB- is really cool!About the activation ... I did n't bother with the internet activation and I just called the 800 # . It did not take 5 minutes and it was just entering a few lines of text !! -LRB- I have no idea why people are so freaked out about that ! -RRB- And if you upgrade your computer , all you have to do is get another code , simple!The log-on screen it nice as well if you have several people using on computer.I would say you should upgrade if you can because you will not regret it!Of course there are some cons ... Setup takes an hourRequires a pretty good system -LRB- but you probably need a new computer anyway : - -RRB- You ca n't install it on more than one machine.This dose n't really affect me , but I know that if I had another computer or a laptop that I would think it my right to intall it on that machine too -LRB- however , Microsoft dose n't ! -RRB- Other than those cons -LRB- which were too minor to take away a star -RRB- this OS is FLAWLESS !!
 I have been using XP home since the day it was released . Having been through each generation of Windows -LRB- 3.1 , 95 , 98 , 2000 -RRB- , I have to say that it is certainly evolutionary and not revolutionary . However the new functionality that it offers is worth the money.There are a lot of little changes that have been made under the hood , apart from the big one which is that XP is based on NT . There are a lot of subtle changes that make life that much more easier and the OS more appealing.There have been a few reviewers below who seem to have had misfortune with XP . These are obviously users from the Linux or Apple camp , trying to trash Microsoft , or who are simply incompetant at using a computer.XP can not not promise nirvana to all people who use it because a computer as we know it , is comprised of components -LRB- and the associated drivers -RRB- , that may not always work together in unison . It is far to easy for people to blame Microsoft rather than the makers of inferior drivers . Unlike Apple , a PC is not propritery , so many companies make peripherals.So please be objective when making your XP purchasing decision , and do n't be sidetracked by other peoples misfortune with peripherals , that have nothing to do with how well the OS performs and functions .
 Windows XP home is a operating system from Microsoft that finally defines stability and ease of use into one . If you are thinking about upgrading from Windows 98 , go straight ahead , if you are still using Windows ME , please immediately upgrade . This operating is very easy to use with a redesigned start menu that provides easier access to programs and accessories . More stable because it is built upon the Windows NT kernel so it wo n't crash but your applications will software apps were n't built on NT , only the Operating System , so you ca n't get everything perfect ! But this operating system is really worth the buy you wo n't regret it trust me . With soft edged Windows and rich icon pictorials this operating system really makes digital media a lot of fun . Plus the multi-user settings in Windows XP makes it a good purchase , so everyone in the family can have their own settings without interupting other peoples files and personal settings . People have been asking Microsoft for years to merge both the ease of from 98 and the stability of NT , now they have it , why not take it . And their just too many features to talk about here ! Trust me you wo n't regret it .
 I 've used every version of Windows , but this one beats them all ! Much more compatible with other peripherals than Windows 2000 , and a nice look . Just about every software manufacturer is making their software compatible with XP , too . If you are looking to install this on more than one hard drive , you have to call Microsoft to get another Product ID number . That is the ONLY downfall . Otherwise , you will love this version . Once installed , just go to the Windows Update site and download all of the updates and fixes . You 'll be glad you bought it after you start using it !
 XP is good , but can get better . It does n't crash , it just freezes and them comes up with a sign that says , let Microsoft know the problem and automatically sends a message to someone in cyberspace . Can you imagine millions of such messages a day hitting Renton , Washington ? Forget it . They can do better and probably will .
 I do n't know why these other people say they hate XP , because I have n't had a problem with it since I installed it!As for Product Activation , other software vendors do similar things such as Registration , activation REQUIRED over the phone w / programs such as AutoCAD , etc. , so I do n't see any problem activating Windows as a legal copy . Bill Gates was smart to implement this into Windows for anti-piracy schemes , and I also found the process very easy to do over the Internet , so I applaud Gates for this . He or any one else should n't have to deal with piracy.The only problem that I had with it is that it did n't detect my AMR Modem , but after pointing it to Windows 2000 drivers I had , it worked just fine . It was n't listed on the HCL , so that would be one reason.Software has been great and even faster on this platform ! And if you notice a program that has problems with XP , you can set a compatibility mode in 95 , 98/Me , NT , or 2000 for the OS , and it should work . Very useful tool!I highly recommend this OS , especially if you come from the crash-prone 98/Me architecture , for this is based on the very-reliable NT/2000 architecture , and it 's definitely worth the upgrade ! Try it for yourself !
 I did the conversion from Windows ME and I have a fairly new computer . I deleted all my programs and saved my important files to insure a good transfer . The installation was simple , and my computer became much much faster . I had no problems with any hardware or drivers . Just look for XP drivers on the products web site and there shoudl be a compatible driver . Everything was working great , but i converted my file system from FAT32 to NTFS about a week after my upgrade and it was the biggest mistake I ever made . Ya , the new format allows more disk space to be used , but I now have trouble running alot of programs , my keyboard delays when I type , and I get many errors , but they do not require a system restart . I highly suggest you upgrade to Windows XP but DO NOT convert your file system to NTFS unless you are performing a clean installation .
 I was a little nervous about the upgrade -- I always seem to have trouble with big installs -LRB- network card , DSL , wireless -RRB- and was concerned this would be another one . No such trouble -- the install was very easy and I have a 2.5 year old Windows 98 Dell desktop . No tough decisions -- just follow the prompts , let the PC chug -LRB- it takes a while -RRB- , and it 's done and you 're up and running.For novice PC users , Windows XP is a must . Everything is simpler ; you 'll get more from your PC . For power users , it 's a must too . You 'll love the new look , the flexibility , the ease of netowkring , etc. .
 I actually survived the living hell that was Windows ME!Windows XP , the latest Microsoft OS , is by far the best Windows yet.There is a lot of new features , but the most noticable new feature is the OS 's new facelift.The windows are curved , and you can actually set the overall look of the OS to look like a Mac!Windows XP has made networking much easyer.It is also better at multimedia.Though a few programs I had did not work with Windows XP , you can configure the computer to treat an older program as if the OS were ME or earlyer.The new Windows Activation is a good idea , as Microsoft is having problems with software pirates , ect.My only problem with Windows XP was that it would refuse to run some of Norton SystemWorks utilities.Also , uninstalling Systemworks was a pain and I eventually had to use System Restore to return to the day I got XP.But that was n't that long ago , so it did n't really matter.Oh , that 's another improvement!In this version of Windows , System Restore actually works!In ME , no matter how many times you try , the System Restore will not work.I know this is a bit off subject , but installing a new OS over Windows ME is nearly impossible.I hade to try a few times in order to install XP over -LRB- ME -RRB- . It kept complaining about Norton , and the disk drive , and open applications ... Overall , Windows XP is a must have for anyone with a crappy OS such as ME.Buy it now !
 so windows is n't always the most friendly digital creature any of us have ever met , but i must say , given one really outdated machine -LRB- with a cranky copy of 98 -RRB- and about an hour , the thing is up and running xp like a champion . it was so incredibly easy to upgrade i could n't believe it . no blue screen of death . no ringing the help line . no panicking . if you have win98 and are looking to upgrade , so long as your machine is fairly powerful -LRB- i was working with a 600mhz with 256 -RRB- it 's a relatively simple operation and soooooooooo worthwhile . all in all i 'm VERY impressed with the improvements microsoft has made .
 Windows XP is a great improvement over older versions . The activation feature is not the hassle I feared it to be . Highly recommend this product for any new PC .
 Upgrading to XP was very easy , but ran into snags when it did n't reconize my modem and then I could n't get on the internet to find the updated driver . I finally went out and bought a Robotics modem , problem solved . Within a few months I bought a router and signed up for cable . That was the best thing I did and with XP 's built in Firewall keeps things safe . XP is also makes it very easy to set up a network - the wizard does all the work . I really appreciate all the automatic updates from Microsoft that XP auto downloads if desired . Seems to have a lot less problems than previous versions . I highly recommend XP PLUS ! also . Check out the great screen savers . My system runs on 1GHZ , 256K RAM -LRB- recommended min -RRB- . Originally ME was installed , but did n't like that much .
 I recently purchased a laptop with Windows XP pre-installed . I have been very pleased . The program seems to run much more smoothly than previous versions , and it has a new slim-line look . It is superior for veiwing DVDs , editing digital films , or even the casual word processing . It is very user friendly , with upgraded tutorials and online help included . Mr. Gates certainly has outdone himself this time ... With every product , however , comes disadvantages . I have only found two . First , since it is not DOS based , it is unable to run many old video games . However , by not beind DOS based it is more userfriendly and dependable . Secondly , the graphics orientated nature can really drain a battery.I highly recommend upgrading to this product . I am sure you will not be disappointed . However , if you are , you can just go into control panel and tell it to run like Windows 98 !
 I 've been using XP for 2 weeks now , and have been very impressed with its performance . The ironic part is I was n't originally planning to buy it.I pre-ordered XP some months ago , but cancelled my order about 2 weeks before I got it , after reading that XP was n't worth the -LRB- money -RRB- , due to its activation features , its forcing . NET upon consumers , and other reasons . About 2 weeks ago , I got a message telling me my product had been shipped , and I received it . As I was about to send an email to the online retalier demanding a refund , my computer -LRB- Windows ME -RRB- crashed . It was then that I cut into the box and installed XP.XP 's installation , though it took a while , was easy . The product activiation feature went off without a hook , and I went about investigating XP 's features . I enjoy the new look , I like the swiftness of the menu system , and most of all , I like the stability . Windows ME , as everyone knows , is one of the most unstable operating systems Microsoft ever put out , and getting the stability of the NT kernel was upgrade cost alone.I will , however , say this - if you are currently using Microsoft Win2k pro , do n't buy this product . The new look and feel , though nice , is n't worth the cost of upgrade.For anyone else - Win95 , Win98 , WinME users , I would recommend that when you have some extra money tucked away somewhere , you get Windows XP . Just remember , you can only install it on one computer , so if you have more than one computer to upgrade , it 's gon na cost you .
 After reading a lot of these reviews I can see that a lot of people have no idea what they 're talking about . For instance
 Windows Xp is by far the best operating system to ever come out of Microsoft . - Increased speed , You will notice a 10-15 percent increase in speed when starting applications , doing simple tasks like cutting and pasting large files , Boot time has at least cut in half from previous windows os - Increaed security , If you are a 95 , 98 , or ME user you are using the fat32 file system . NTFS is a much more advantaced and secure file system - Increased Stability , Tried of the dreded blue screen ? No more with xp . I have tried to crash my xp system and it just does n't happen . No more hitting the switch because your system freezes , and no more scandisk -LRB- which is a tribute to the better ntfs file system -RRB- - Multiple Users , Windows Xp makes it unbeliveibly easy to manage differnet users . You can set up as many different users as you want with almost no effort . It also has the ability to `` fast switch '' users so you can logoff and someone else can log on , but when you come back anything you were working on , or windows that you had open are still there!Also the added security makes your files invisible to other users but it allows you to share your files with other , like pictures or music very easily - Hardware Support , I was surprised to see someone complaining about xp not surrporting their hardware , This operating system supports the most amount of hardware from printers to network cards than any other operating system i have ever seen . And i have used amost all different types of operating systems that you can think of from linux to bsd . - The help and support feature is a huge upgrade from any previous os . It is extremely easy to use and includes some of the most common problems or tasks right there for you to use . It can also go onlin on the microsoft site and grab possible answers to your question from there making it almost impossible to not find the answer to your problems . Xp also has a built in remote desktop feature so that you can invite a computer geek friend to connect to your computer and control remotely to help you with your problem . -LRB- you can also connect to microsofts help and support and allow them to remotely troubleshoot your system -RRB- - Digital Hub , Windows xp is much more robust when it comes to digital photos and music allowing you to view your photots in different ways and even order prints right from your pictures folder!As a previous Windows ME user i was pretty mad at Microsoft for releasing such a bad operating system , but they redemed themselves with the release of XP . If you are thinking of upgrading than do it . You will be happy .
 Wow ! Those are the only words I can use to describe my new Windows XP Home Upgrade . My computer is about 2.5 years old and originally came installed with Windows ME . It was always locking up and becoming unstable and I would have to reboot it quite often . I actually reinstalled ME twice and when it was a fresh install it worked pretty well . I read all the reviews about how great XP was etc so I decided to give it a try . Since installing it my system works so much better . It 's almost like I have a new computer . I 've had very little problems with programs becoming unstable and locked up and the very few that I 've had I just close them down and they do n't affect the rest of the computer system . Installation was easy . It took about 2 hours for my computer to install this program . I had to go to HP 's web site to get a couple of drivers for an old HP scanner that I had but that was no problem . Overall I wish I would have gotten this upgrade a long time ago . Definitly worth the price of the upgrade !!!!
 I have just purchased Windows XP Home Edition upgrade . My score is actually 4.5 -LRB- they just did n't give me an option for that -RRB- . I had a major problem with installation , but I do n't think that it was XP , my old OS Windows 98 kept saying it was performing and illegal operation and giving me that horrible blue screen . *** OWNERS OF WINDOWS 2000 PRO READ THIS *** Since my upgrade would not work with Win98 , I just formatted my hard drive and installed WINDOWS 2000 PRO , and I tried running it and it would n't work -LRB- just as the box says -RRB- but I put in the Windows XP disc and restarted my computer . I then booted the disc instead of windows -LRB- an option just popped up -RRB- . It scanned my system for a current windows -LRB- saying that without it , it could not intstall XP -RRB- and it found WINDOWS 2000 PRO and installed XP . You can not upgrade , but you can install a new version of XP from the Upgrade disc as I did.The installation takes can take 40-90 minutes . After that , XP runs extremely well , even on my old system -LRB- 378mhz amd processor , 192mb of ram , and only 6.3 gb hard drive -RRB- XP boosted my systems speed very much , AOL now opens in half the time it took before!The design of XP is stunning , much better than the plain design of 95,98,98 se , Me , and 2000 , although if you want you can change your theme to make it look very much like those versions . The control panel can be listed in categories or classic view and the Icons are much more detailed . The start menu is setup to be more user friendly with a section for your most recently used programs.There is also a very nifty feature called `` Remote Assistance '' , you can give someone access -LRB- over windows messenger -RRB- to see your desktop and help you fix something you need . So , for all those people who need tech help from one of their friends , that person can remotely fix it from their computer . When you first install , you will need to activate it through microsoft.com to be able to use it after 30 days -LRB- anti-piracy measure -RRB- , so it is best to buy it.HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGUARDING WINDOWS XP ? E-MAIL ME MGENIESSE@COMCAST.NET and I will gladly help you with anything .
 How well does it work?It is the most stable Microsoft OS I 've ever used . It even fails more gracefully than any previous version of my experience . Where Win98SE used to lock up and require ctrl-alt-del -LRB- thank Deity for Norton , afterwards ! -RRB- , XPHome , frozen , usually allows me to use ctrl-S to save whatever , and the `` Windows '' key and cursor keys to get to the start menu and shutdown/reboot . And sometimes , instead of locking up , the mouse software goes crazy for several minutes -LRB- literally ; it only seems like eternity -RRB- , then finally exhausts itself > : -RCB- and allows me to use the mouse to finish whatever I was doing before rebooting in the usual manner.Is this still crazy ? Of course . Will I stay with Windows when there are Linux drivers that allow me to run my favorite older -LRB- 1998 and later -RRB- games ? I Do n't Think So . From my perspective , there are major problems MS is not perceiving.I bought XPHome because my system had been invaded by an old harasser who gifted me with several viruses . I only missed one of them -LRB- it hid in a documents folder -RRB- when I went looking , after seeing my system download things I had n't requested . That was enough of course . It damaged my OS -LRB- Win 98SE -RRB- , and I could either upgrade , or lose my data by reformatting.Like so many others , I found that installing this was NOT a picnic . I , too , spend something like 6-7 * hours * on the phone with Microsoft -LRB- at my expense -RRB- , before they decided I was entitled to support from someone in the Research Department , who called me . The problem we solved ? How to make my modem work every time . The solution ? Input a code which forced it to default mode . The modem ? It was the one installed at the factory , one of the most popular OEM brands and models , on one of the most familiar brands of computer.Solving how to get my CD-RW drive to work was a problem that neither MS nor the computer manufacturer cared to help me with , Thank You Very Much . And not all hardware and software companies seemed to be aware that MS is n't providing drivers as formerly . I received excellent support from Canon , solving the printer driver problem , however.Microsoft used to include a library of drivers , as a component of the Windows program , for all the popular brands and models of peripherals , including defunct brands and models which were widely installed . Not any more , which is one of several problems that may add up to terminally stupid customer relations . You must now get those from the manufacturer , or however you can . Or you can replace the -LRB- perfectly good -RRB- peripheral with one from a list of `` approved '' brands/models from Microsoft 's list.Was all this better than losing my data ? You bet.Do I recommend it to people who need to upgrade their version of Windows for some reason ? Yes , but be prepared for Problems , even if your computer is a major brand with all original hardware , and be prepared to spend some money and time on calls to MS Support.I must say that all of the tech support people I spoke with were pleasant . They also tried hard to help me , and all contacts were followed up with an email , inviting feedback . But the bad news is , as of September 2002 , MS was NOT using problem solutions to update the knowledgeware the tech support people use . I find that shockingly wasteful of both their money and the customers ' time and money . I 've used computers in one way or another since 1975 , PCs since 1982 , started installing my own peripherals in 1989 , and did my first motherboard upgrade in 1996 . I have a reasonable understanding of PC hardware . And I 'm not hopeless with software , either . In my opinion , this was MUCH harder than it had to be , and MS is doing at least two Really Dumb things :1 . No longer including drivers for the most common peripherals of the last five years . Yes , I know that 's expensive , but there is nobody better qualified to write drivers for the OS than they are .2 . Not using every support call which involves changing the configuration of the OS to immediately feed back into the knowledgeware database . That change alone would dramatically reduce the length of support calls from experienced computer users , with enormous potential savings .
 Windows xp is the greatest operating system i ever had . I used to have ME it was bad it crashed alot windows xp did not crash once since i got it , Great buy , a must have ! It has many cool customizing options . Get It !
 This is a cool upgrade . I upgraded from Windows 98 to Windows XP . It took only an hour and a half and I was using the product -LRB- with installation time -RRB- . It is really easy to use and I recommend buying this product . However , the only thing I do not like is that I expected product updates -LRB- like Word 2002 -RRB- and it never delivered . I was also expecting new clip art but I never got it . I would suggest that they put that into version 2003 or later versions . But for -LSB- the price -RSB- , it comes with a lot of new features . I really enjoy using it so I am not worried about the product updates at this time . I will think about those later . I 'll just tell you that it is a great product again and I recommend every computer gets it !
 i am very disapointed with this version . It is stable , doesnt crash ofthe , performs very well a lot of times . but its the little things that bother me . for example when a program crashes . it takes it 10 seconds to even a minute before it can close it . even if you have turned off error reporting . this is very disapionting becasue in 2000 Pro , when a program stops responding , and you end it , it ends immediately , no lag , no hessitation.sure the XP looks nice and pretty , while that might appeal to the average user that doesnt know what the service icon is in the control panel , it has to perform better than it looks , sadly it doesnt.you can customize it to look and feel the way you want it to , that is a big plus . another great feature that 2000 and 2000 Pro lack is the ability to run a little feature called MSCONFIG . this utility alows you to configure everything to what programs run when the computer is runing , to telling the computer which programs may start when the computer starts . it also tells you which programs are supose to run when the computer starts . this was a feature that was left out of the 2000 versions for some reason . this is especially useful when you dont want some programs to run because they serve no purpose . this utility also alows you to configure the config.sys file , the system.ini win.ini SERVICES , and boot.ini . BE WARNED
 Ease of installation , EXTREMELY user friendly , incredible multi-tasking ability , smooth page transitions and stable system are only the beginning of the positives I could mention . As a web page designer I have been totally impressed with this OS . Having run everything from TRS-80 to WIN 2000 this is hands down the most functional and `` no brainer '' OS you can find . After 8 months use I have not had one problem I could mention . The wizards in this program are there anytime you have a question and if you run a faulty program the system will not go down with it . With `` System Restore '' , even if you install a bad program , you can instantly return to your previous settings . No more fear about crashing or locking up your system ! I could list all the specifics I like about XP but suffice to say if you try it you wo n't look back .
 I work for a big name computer company -LRB- one of Microsoft 's rivals actually -RRB- and I am not a fan of Microsoft products . I have to give them credit on this one though . This is truly a great system . It boots incredibly fast and the home network support is a dream . It does however require a powerful PC to run , and it has some security holes . These holes are being fixed as fast as people can exploit them though , and believe me I 'm one of the ones looking . This is the operating system to choose for home and small business use that have the newer hardware , large corporations have other concerns based on their needs so it may or may not be for them . A word of advice to `` home users '' on the choice of XP or Linux . Linux is not the way to go if you just want to do your check book , email , surfing the net , or video games . If you can write you own software , drives , or know what the `` core '' is ; Linux is the way to go . Personally I love Linux and use it every day , but there is no way I 'm suggesting my wife install it on her PC . Just my 2 cp .
 After using NT for some time in a production environment I was happy to see that its technology finally made it to Microsoft 's desktop OS -LRB- it 's about time ! -RRB- . Since I had n't purchased an OS in a long time I was reluctant to part with $ 100 for a set of features I felt should have been there in the first place . But , I was having terrible stability problems with Windows ME so I decided to go for it , and I am very happy with my decision.Installation : ------------- The box sat on my desk for a few days while I contemplated if I really wanted to go through with the upgrade . I figured something would fail and I would be left with a crippled system . Finally I decided to go for it . I booted the upgrade CD and it could never find a copy of Windows on my system -LRB- Windows ME was installed -RRB- . This seemed like a bad sign , but I pressed on . I ended up running the update from within Windows and everything worked fine . The update wizard was clear about which programs and hardware were not compatible . After that the installation was a breeze - completely hands off . Once it was done the machine rebooted and I was running XP . I was very impressed with the ease of the upgrade process.I had no problems with applications running under XP . Well , naturally the applications that were n't compatible did n't magically work J. Anyway , even games worked just fine.Usability / New Features : ----------------------- There really is n't too much here , but the few changes do make a difference . First , and most obvious , is the new interface . It operates much like the old one with some cosmetic enhancements and usability enhancements to areas like the control panel . New users will find the system friendlier.Overall , more functionality is integrated into XP . For example , browsing through folders offers many new features . If you are looking at a folder full of pictures you practically have the functionality of a full picture-viewing program at your disposal . It reminded me of features seen in the KDE project -LRB- a * nix desktop environment -RRB- to provide robust functionality in the file manager.Finally , coming from a Unix background , I love the ability to theme the desktop . If you look around the net you 'll find XP themes based on your favorite * nix window manager themes . On top of that , the PowerToys package -LRB- available for download from Microsoft -RRB- allows for a traditional Unix-like `` focus follows mouse '' policy . Finally ! JRecommendations : ---------------- If you are using Windows 95 , 98 or ME I highly recommend making the investment in XP . It is worth every penny just for the stability alone.Before updating your system , grab the latest XP drivers for all of your hardware . This makes it much easier to get your system running optimally once the update has taken place.Don ' t bother converting your filesystem to NTFS unless you reformat your drive . From what I 've read on Usenet , it seems that when you convert to NTFS , the filesystem is n't optimally configured and actually results in rather degraded performance . Most people seem to recommend reformatting your drive if you are going to convert to NTFS . If you are thinking about doing this , make sure to read through some bulletin boards so you understand what you are getting in to and the tradeoffs involved.Oh , why 4 stars ? First , the copy protection scheme is an annoyance . I can only imagine the problems that will arise as my system changes or if I get a new system . Second , the security issues are a real concern .
 Without exception , I have hated every other Microsoft product to be sold . While programs still occasionally crash for no apparent reason , the OS generally survives and keeps functioning on a decent level . This is by far the most stable microsoft product available . One hint
 I was convinced to upgrade from Windows 98 after hearing much praise of XP . I must admit that at first I was a little frustrated with the number of drivers that had to be updated , and the fact that some programs that worked fine with Windows 98 would not work with XP , so XP disabled them . If you have an RW drive with an older version of DirectCD , you will have to upgrade and probalby just buy Roxio 's Easy CD Creator for drag and drop capability with your CDRW drive . Also , the CDRW function that is bundled with XP is n't my favorite to use because it does n't write directly to the CD , but instead stores the files in a temp folder until you are ready to burn your CD . I could n't get it to append files to an RW CD . Instead it would ask me if I wanted to format the CD again , thus losing the files already on it . In short , I do n't use this funciton because I like to treat my CDs like floppies and add things to them as I go . Roxio built the CDRW engine for XP , but you 'll be better off getting Roxio 's Easy CD Creator.One major plus is the XP can handle a high-speed internet connection like DSL with no problem . You will need no special programs or files to get your DSL connection up and running . They could n't have made it any simplyer.Fans of Microsoft Plus ! - which was bundled with Windows 98 ! will be diappointed to find that it is n't included with XP . Also , not all the themes that worked in 98 will work in XP and likewise with screensavers . With a little work , however , you can create your own themes.All in all , it 's a upgrade I would recommend and one I 'm glad I got .
 I recently upgraded to Windows XP from Windows 98 Second Edition , and I have been THOROUGHLY impressed ! With Windows 98 I experienced frequent blue screens and crashes . With Windows XP all of those problems are now history . Also , many of the drivers I needed to load AFTER loading Windows 98 are now already included . My video card drivers were loaded , my CD burner functions were all present , and my scanner worked flawlessly without installing any additional software.The biggest hurdle with this product is successful installation . If you have older components you may have significant problems getting them to function with the new OS . Some older apps are also likely to have difficulty . My hardware and my software are all fairly current , so I had no trouble.I have upgraded my newer computer at home with Windows XP , but the older computer at my church study has Windows 98 , and will have it for some time . I am reluctant to upgrade because of the installation problems inevitable with the older components.This product is definitely worth the price , but some persons may need to upgrade components BEFORE upgrading their OS.If you have a newer or brand new computer and are seeking the smoothest , steadiest and most solid OS , I HIGHLY recommend Windows XP .
 Now that XP is up and running , I 'm ecstatic . It 's a nice OS.HOWEVER
 The software itself is good enough to earn it five stars . I 've used the OS in stores since computers are now shipping pre-loaded with WinXP . The OS is so much easier to use for the new user to computers ; the start button is green for `` Go , '' the close buttons on windows are red . The entire operating system is like this . If you have used Windows for years , it will take a few days to get completely used to the new layout of the start menu , control panel , etc. , but it 's not a problem . Media Player XP is great , including DVD support . If you use it to rip your CDs onto WMA files , they will be placed in your My Music folder , with cover art as the icons for albums ! Windows Messenger finally brings Microsoft 's IM service up to par with AIM , if not above.But ... there 's the activation scheme . When you install the OS , you have to get an activation code by calling Microsoft or going on their website . Not too much of a problem . But there is a problem
 My overall first impressions of XP -LRB- I `` road-tested '' it today at an IT conference in town -RRB- are
 If you only buy one piece of software for your computer , make it Windows XP . As other people have said , please make sure that your computer meets the at least the minimum requirements -LRB- if not more -RRB- than recommended . Also , IT IS IMPERATIVE TO NOTE - THAT A `` CLEAN INSTALL '' on an empty partition or clean hard drive is the ONLY WAY TO GO . Trust me , I 've tried both ways . With the `` clean '' install , the software runs twice as well.You can do a `` clean '' install -LRB- from scratch -RRB- with this software without Windows 98 being on your PC as long as you have the Windows 98 software that came with your computer . During the installation , Win XP will ask you for your Windows 98 CD to verify upgrade eligibility.I 've used this software for over a week , with no crashes , no blue screens of death -- amazing -LRB- I used to get 3 to 5 crashes a day with Windows 98 -RRB- . By the way , my computer is a home built system with a 500 mhtz AMD processor , 400 megs Ram , Asus P5A motherboard with a Western Digital 100 Gig UDMA 100 hard drive , and 16 meg video card.I had to overcome a couple of hurdles -LRB- my driver for the controller card for my for my EIDE hard drive had to be upgraded -RRB- and I also had to upgrade to Norton Anivirus 2002 . Norton 2001 will not work.Otherwise , the best upgrade I 've done to this computer so far!Remember -- CLEAN INSTALL -- do n't do an `` UNGRADE '' !
 I upgraded a four year old Dell -LRB- PIII 500 MHz -RRB- that had been running Windows 98 SE . It had been limping along after a virus attack damaged some system files . I had reinstalled system files from W98 and never got things running @ 100 % . I upgraded to XP with a clean installation and the computer is now running well -- it boots faster and has been stable . The installation was smooth and without a hitch -- but requires much thought and preparation . The web sites for the manufacturer of each item of hardware -LRB- video card , audio card , modem , scanner , printer , expansion cards , expansion drives ... -RRB- should be checked to confirm compatability and driver availability for XP . Download and collect the necessary drivers . My scanner , audio card and video card were not compatable and had to be replaced for optimum stability and performance . I added a CD burner and removed the zip drive for better backup capability . So ... . after about three weeks of preparation and making a two page checklist of the sequence of activities for backing up , unistalling and installing ... . the installation went smoothly . I am happy with the result and all of the productivity apps are working perfectly , although a few of my old programs -LRB- Myst , Riven -RRB- dont run on XP . Bottom line , if your computer is running well , then you probably do not need/want to upgrade . If you have a reason to upgrade , then you should go ahead and do it -- If you prepare then you will be pleased with the result ...
 Now that Microsoft will no longer offer technical support on Windows 95 & 98 , you almost have to buy the upgrade , but it is worth it . With Windows 98 , I was always having program conflicts and sending it into the store to get repaired . The XP is much more stable and will prevent programs from running if they are in a conflict -LRB- meaning you wo n't crash -RRB- , but I also can have more windows and activities going at once than before . The appearance is greatly changed to brigher icons and everything ` fits ' in my window browser . The layout was simply rearranged colorfully and that 's fine , but I do n't need little `` doggie icons sniffing '' when I am ` searching ' for a file ! XP is also not faster than 98 , even though it claims to be.I did have to reinstall or upgrade drivers for the following
 I jumped from Win 95 to XP at home , but have experienced 98 and Me at work . All I can say is
 The good news is XP is much more stable than 95/98 . But since it 's built on NT code , it 's much more demanding on the system , and hardware compatibilitiy -LRB- CD and hard drives -RRB- may be an issue for upgraders . You can only install XP on one machine since you have 7 days after install for your computer to phone home to MS and validate the installation . If after that you need to change hard drives , you need to contact MS or the new installation will look like another machine . If you 're not upgrading peripherals , you 'll find MS has included many of its own drivers for legacy devices , but they may not provide the full functionality of the manufacturer 's driver . Though some manufacturers have upgraded legacy drivers for XP , many have n't and the DOS/Win 95/98 drivers will likely blow up under XP . The home edition ca n't join a MS NT network as a client , but you CAN set up your own home LAN -LRB- wired or wireless -RRB- with XP , 95/98 machines and even Apples using an AirPort hub or appropriate router . You can share printers with other Win computers or set up your old 98 machine as a file server . Windows Media Player agressively tries to take over ALL your music and video file management , streaming media presentation , and CD creation and playing . You can fix this with property sheets for Media Player and the other applications you may prefer for these tasks , but it 's almost comical to see another agressive program like REAL player duke it out with Media Player over which program plays your CDs . That 's unfortunate cause neither Media Player or REAL Player is as nice as iTunes or iPhoto , and neither is as easy as Roxio Toast W/Jam for making CDs . As usual , MS already is ofering multi-megabyte patches to fix secruity and stability issues with XP , Outlook and IE 6.X . If you do n't have a broadband connection , plan on overnight downloads -- this is an issue because XP automatically looks for upgrades and tells you they 're ready to install . If you dont ' inspect them first and just click `` Yes '' you may be in for a long long wait if you 're on a dial up connection . Given all this , I can sympathize with those who say XP means `` Extra Problems '' . It 's what 98 should have been and was n't , and since I 'm a dual platform user , I 'll fearlessly state that XP home edition still has a way to go to be the equal of Apple OS 10.2 for UI , stability , and flexibility . If you 're stuck in the Windows world , it 's worth the upgrade , but if you 're thinking of a new computer too , consider an iMAC , iBook or Power Mac before deciding . Apple 's Unix based OS 10 is absolutely bullet proof and at the prices Apples are selling for now , they 're a bargain hands down .
 I love XP , and it works so well for me.No bluescreens , no stop errors . . nothing!I installed it cleaning which you can do with the upgrade just like the full version.I must say I am one of the lucky few to get it to work in all but a few software titles and with all my hardware.I love the new Luna GUI , and Mediaplayer.XP runs all of my software reliably and if it does n't it will still run well if a problem is found.XP is the OS my computer was waited for!Alot of new hardware and software will work great with XP , as well as some software and hardware made for Win95.Now that I have XP I will never go back !
 I got XP on a new laptop . Having previously used ME -LRB- which I though was just fine -RRB- , I was looking forward to toying with the new Windows.This first thing I can say is that Microsoft has SERIOUSLY dumbed down Windows so that little Jimmy or Grandma can get on and surf the internet without crashing the computer.That 's all well and good , but for the rest of us who know what we 're doing , the little extra `` help '' that Windows offers is annoying.They 've changed the startup menu . I much liked to old one , becuse it enabled me to get to recently used documents and media files without waiding through multiple menus , plust the Programs menus only showed the programs that I used the most often , rather than everything loaded on the drive.On the plus side , XP has many new features that I like . First off , it is more stable than ME . I have done things that would have locked up my old computer solid , but the XP machine stayed on.For those people with burner drives , the ability to cut and paste directly to a CD with no third party software is immensly helpful -LRB- I do n't even use my floppy drive any more , just a CD-RW -RRB- The new , DVD-playing Media Player looks better and loads faster than previous versions.All in all , I like XP . I only wish that more elements from ME and Win98 hade been included .
 I 've been working with the RC1-Version for almost a month now , and even this pre-release version was able to exceed my highest expectations . You just wo n't recognize Windows as it was before -LRB- however , if you really do n't like the new User Interface , you can still switch back to the classic Windows UI and even to the old-style start menu -RRB- . Windows XP is as stable as Windows 2000 without giving up compatibility to your old apps -LRB- especially games -RRB- . The hardware support is just great
 All of the other reviewers that have complained about the terrible experiences they have had with this upgrade need to learn how to read the directions ! The directions clearly say -LRB- as well as the XP website -RRB- to do an inventory check BEFORE installing the upgrade.I have a two year old Gateway that was running Win 98 . I did the inventory check and needed to download a couple of new drivers . I had no problems after that.The interface is very appealing and the starup and shutdown speed are noticeably faster . I really like the multi-user functionality . The system has not crashed once -LRB- unlike the old Win98 system -RRB- .
 I recommend Windows XP for the casual as well as serious PC inthusiast . It is More Stable , Secure , and Exciting to use than any previous version of Windows . It is well worth the money if you do your homework first . I advise downloading Microsofts System Advisor before leaping into this one . By doing this you can save alot of grief in making sure your system is compatable or not without loosing a single dime of your money ! Gamer 's will love this version of Windows due to the fact programs may be run in Compatibility mode which , in most cases , will allow proper operation . Hey , even the clock gets updated by an internet atomic clock automatically once a week while online.If you do n't like the new XP display then use the classic mode.For me , -LRB- using a well known High Speed Cable Internet Provider -RRB- setup was all taken care of by XP with almost no user input during intitial load . If you are a cremugion who does not like a beautiful high tech OS then stay away from this one !
 My Dell 800Mhz Celeron machine had been running Windows ME since April , 2001 -- that is , until I installed my copy of Windows XP today . It is absolutely AMAZING !! The speed has increased dramatically
 DOS is finally dead . How many years did it take ??! But , the wait was worth it for us Win 3.1 , Win 95/98/Me users . The upgrade process was easy . You can either do a direct upgrade , or you can install XP fresh from the beginning . I chose the latter . I told XP to convert the FAT32 drive to NTFS and XP did everything else . I actually like the drivers that came with XP better than my own drivers for various devices . Basically , they took the best of compatibility from 98/Me , the best interface features from Mac OS , and the stability of NT/Win2000 and packed them into one package . The result is a very capable , usable and stable OS . After using Mac OS , Solaris , Win3 .1 / 95/98/Me and NT extensively , XP is easily one of the best -LRB- if not THE best -RRB- OS 's I 've had the pleasure of using . I think Microsoft nailed this one on the head ! If you have an XP capable machine , go buy this upgrade now ! : -RRB- My rig
 For a Microsoft first release this not bad as far the operation itself goes , however -LRB- and there is always howevers with MS -RRB- I would recommend that you check your hardware and peripherals for upgraded drivers to XP first before I install it . A lot of older equipment will have problems , such as might not work , and if they are very old they may not even have updated drivers available . I found my DVD , canner and scanner as well my Zip drive were all unrecognized . So check the report that XP gives you before you upgrade . I know my brother had problems with both his sound and video card so he had to upgrade . I do like this a lot better than ME . Its design is smoother running and loads quicker and I do n't see any conflicts so far between XP and other software packages . Also the I.E. 6 is very sharp and operates a little more smoothly with XP than I.E. 5.5 did with ME , at least that was my experience with ME , a lot of freezeups . One other thing I would recommend , when you download to XP give yourself time roam around and get used to it . This OS is a lot different as far as organization and setup goes from all other windows setups , but like I said its more commonsense I think and more visually appealing , you should enjoy the change . I do n't know about the waiting for price drop , remember Win 98 stayed this price for quite some time and ME and 2000 did n't really drop until they got close to XP , so I would n't let price scare me off it could be a long wait . But if you are happy with your current OS and do n't feel a need to upgrade right away then why not give it a shot and wait . Hope this helps and enjoy !
 Slick product , found all my hardware on it 's own . Quick & Stable ! First Microsoft product that I 've ever been 100 % satisfied with out of the box .
 I have been fortunate enough to be a beta tester for this product , though I did not initially install the beta on my drive , after hearing about the `` activation '' clause . I wo n't get into that `` feature '' until the end , since it 's the most talked aboutI have been a user of DOS , Windows 3.11 , Windows 95 , 98 , and ME . My favorite OS , however , has been Windows 2000 Professional . After severe crashes , and abysmal memory management in 98 and Me , Win2000 provided a staple platform , which ran my most used applications -LRB- Adobe Photoshop , Dreamweaver , Office 2000 , Flash 5 -RRB- without a problem . It could be said that XP is the culmination of the best of WinME and Win2000.Now , I had never been a fan of the `` appearance '' of Windows , -LRB- Mac OS 9 - and 10 - had the trophy for the most attractive GUI -RRB- but the look had grown a bit stale ... until Windows XP.On installation , you notice that the beginning has a look of WinME - with it 's installation wizard - but the second part of the installation looks like Windows 2000 - with it 's DOS look . That is the end of the physical similarities.During the installation , it picked up all of my components with no problem , and had all of the drivers needed , including my Network card , and monitor . At first boot-up -LRB- which is about half the Windows 2000 wait on my Athlon 1.2 Ghz -RRB- , you notice an attractive boot splash screen , which then brings you to the first major feature : After setting up and selecting your profile , you come to the main screen . Built with a cleaner , highly customizable GUI , Windows XP can be either exciting for someone who loves to tweak , or a bit intimidating to those who do n't -LRB- Be aware of that before going in -RRB- . The start menu is different -LRB- though you can revert to the `` Classic '' style -RRB- , in layout and function . It provides full access to the main parts you need . The requisite `` Start '' menu has been revised to include My Computer , Network Neighborhoods , and/or whatever else you may want . It 's quite customizable.XP Useful features : Not built on the older DOS engine - Compatibility mode - allows setting programs , which may no be native to XP , to run in 95/98/ME / NT/2000 `` mode '' . Great feature , and it has worked on all programs I have tried . - Enhanced battery life for laptops by : a -RRB- Lid Power . Display is shut down when `` lid '' -LRB- screen -RRB- is closed.b -RRB- LCD Dimming . When using battery power , the display is dimmed , and brightness is restored when plugged into AC . - Device driver rollback - a wonderful feature which allows you to `` roll-back '' to the previous driver , in case you have a conflict with your newly installed one . Allows beta-testing drivers . - Search Companion - much more advanced -LRB- and needed -RRB- search feature . - ClearType - much more precise and clean look for LCD and laptop displays . Also looks great on typical monitors.System Restore - carried over from WinME , this feature allows `` points '' to be created , in order to restore system setting in case you run into problems . Timesaving . - Completely re-designed GUI - Customized Desktops - allows multiple `` profiles '' to be set up -LRB- husband , wife , and kids for example -RRB- which retain settings for icon placement , wallpaper , icons shown , and more . This is great if one of you likes a cluttered -LRB- i.e. save everything to desktop J -RRB- desktop , and another likes a clean one . In my case , my wife does n't want to see all of my icons for my programs , just the one little game she plays all the time . This feature gives XP some personality that has been missing.XP Fairly Useful Features : - CD Burning - Nice inclusion of basic CD burning capabilities , but it must be said , that `` basic '' means `` basic . '' Not hybrid Mac/PC burns , no on-the-fly burning , VCD , etc. . Get Nero 5.5.5.1 if you want great burning software . - Windows Messenger - MS answer to AOL Instant Messenger , allows quick connection to friends , and allows file trading . But it 's also annoying . It takes a toll on the system resources , so you may find yourself disabling it -LRB- like I did ;--RRB- . - Self-contained Firewall - though not as robust as third-party ones -LRB- ZoneAlarm , Norton , etc. -RRB- , it is adequate for most users.XP Misleading/Irritating Features : - DVD playback - this would be a nice feature ... it existed . As it is , however , you need a third-party CODEC , in order to view DVDs.Microsoft Media Player - MP3 ripping/playing is relegated to 96-bitrate , due to `` protecting copyrights '' of CDs . You must get the Plus ! Pack in order to do higher bitrate ripping . It 's ironic that the WMA -LRB- Microsoft 's own format -RRB- can be ripped to and played at higher bitrates.Stability : Anyone familiar with Windows 2000/NT , will be impressed with XP 's stability . I have had to reboot only a couple of times , through the Beta and final versions , and then only due to my motherboard settings.Users of Win95/98/ME will be very happy to know that they will not have the conflicts/crashes which plagues those OSs.Compatibility info : Some of my Software -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- Photoshop 6Dreamweaver 4Fireworks 4Flash 5Cute FTP 1.0 ProNTI CDEasy Creator 5 Deluxe -LRB- Problem . Error pop-ups -LRB- missing file -RRB- when opening . Re-installed WITHOUT Direct CD program . Fixed -RRB- Some of my Hardware -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- Asus Geforce MX 7100 video cardKDS VS-190 monitorNetgear FA311 NIC cardSony 4x4x32 CDRWSoundBlaster Live ! 5.1 sound card -LRB- I did have a problem with this card at first . System would reboot with page-fault errors . I removed-rebooted-reinstalled-rebooted , and updated the drivers - Fixed the problem -RRB- Athlon 1.2 Ghz CPUAsus A7V133 RAID motherboardFrom here you are on your own , but believe me , it is quite a bit of fun to get to know this OS . NOTE
 the best version of windows yet ... i love it . . ca n't wait for thier next version ... it will probly cost 400 $ hahah
 I definitely recommed XP home edition to anyone and everyone running windows on their PC . It is more reliable , more interactive and better looking overall . I love using it , you 'll be blown away with how fast everything works , especially if you 're running a P3 at 1 GHZ or faster !! Only downside is that if your computer is n't very new -LRB- compatible with ME -RRB- then you might want to just buy a new computer , because some programs wont work at all with XP and if sucks .
 I do n't blame all of you for giving this OS bad marks . God help you , you just do n't know what you are doing . . and that 's ok . I 've installed this OS on over 200 machines . It 's by far one of the most stable OS 's ever made . My users have never had a crash . . not one . I 'm talking about 150 people , using it 40 hours a week , all day long for 2 years . However ... If I was n't there , it would be a nightmare . With increase functionality come increased confusion . This is completely unavoidable . I understand that not everyone is a geek so I can see where people could really mess this up . It 's ok , it 's not your fault . . but it 's not Microsoft 's either.Should you get a Mac with OSX ? Absolutely . They make great software , and you should have a relatively easy time of it . However they are 2 % of the market and if you want to go outside of the bounds of what they do you are going to have a big problem .
 With all the extra features , the stability , the new look , and just about redsigned everything who can say no to this addition to the Windows family . It installed smoothly on my computer , and took just a second to activate it and register . Painless for anyone . A definate buy no matter how much of a computer geek you are .
 Windows XP is a masterpiece . Microsoft finally got it right . People who do n't like this operating system will never like anything made by Microsoft . Product activation is a non-issue . It is completely anonymous . Do n't confuse activation with registration . Registration is not required.I have yet to install a software program that does n't work flawlessly or a hardware device that is not automatically recognized . Almost all recent pieces of hardware , and most older ones , will have the drivers built in.If your machine is less than a Pentium II do n't bother upgrading . Go buy a new machine with XP installed .
 I upgraded from the newest version of 98 on a P III 450 that was bought in early 98 I think , and it certainly did speed up my system . It also fixed some errors and crashes that I had been having earlier . It did create some errors though that have been fairly easy to fix . It would probably be best to call microsoft or your original manufacturer -LRB- or online -RRB- to see if your hardware/software will be compatible with xp before you fork out your money . MS was very helpful online with one of their techs when I had problems . I do n't think you can expect to quickly get through if you want to talk with someone live though . Some annoying things are the little bubble pop-ups that come up and ca n't be easily un-installed and the windows software that somehow wants to dominate your system and cause problems when you try to remove it . This company does try to rule your system and make it a `` MICROSOFT '' dominated machine but I do n't blame them , afterall we are in a free enterprise system and you could go get something I once heard of called lynux or fork out double to buy an apple .
 Windows Xp is much more easy than the other versions of windows . It tells you what to do . It looks better , too .
 I have recently upgraded my desktop computer and being a new model has installed windows XP . I am a mildly intellegent 50 year old and find the ins and oute of the computer hard to grasp but since xp has come into my life , I am finding it far easier to get about on the machine -LRB- the best thing I have done I am enjoying it alot more , & I am not frightened to experiment now as it wont let me do much wrong -RRB- by the way had to do a restore after 5 days after getting the machineAbsolutly brilliantGary
 `` A so-so-standard is better than no standard '' . Improved my comuter , solved my memory problems , and impressed my visitors . Combined with DSL performance , the Windows XP is top notch performer . -LRB- u still have to bye norton utilities , but -LRB- the price -RRB- wont break the bank -RRB- .
 XP has a really clean interface that is dramatically better than any Windows version before it . I moved all of my desktop icons into the wonderful new start menu . My desktop is cleaner , my files are easier to access , and the overall experience is much better . I also spent $ -LRB- *** -RRB- to upgrade my computer from 64 MB of RAM to 384 MB -- this is well worth the investment if you have a Pentium II or above with at least 300 MHz -LRB- if not , buy a new computer from Amazon -RRB- .
 xp 's features are not groundbreaking nor are they revelationary . What it does , it does extremely well . While Windows Me had more flashy strides forward in applications , xp Flys under the radar . It 's remakable advances are not immediatly revealed . One can not simply list them . They need to be experienced . It 's the closet you can come to feeling like you are on a newer faster machine for an investment of ... street value . Compatability issues are an easy fix as Windows guides you to the necessary sites to upgrade drivers for your existing hardware and software , and third parties seem ready to cooperate . xp patches and fixes are predominate . The new Windows is polished and refined . Prepare to get contol of your computer back as with Xp we are starting to speak the same language . Bravo Bill G . You are enriching the computer experience . Windows Xp will grow on you .
 About a year and a half ago , I bought an HP Pavilion 9600 computer that came with Windows 98 . The computer often froze up , and could be restarted only by disconnecting the power . In addition , the longer it ran -LRB- even just 2 days -RRB- , and especially the longer it was on-line , the slower it got -LRB- and the time display in the lower right corner would be slow , by as much as 20 minutes or so -RRB- . Since I installed the Windows XP upgrade , all this has gone away . It has not frozen up once , and the clock is still accurate after 2 days of running and many hours on-line . The installation took more time than I might have expected -LRB- over an hour -RRB- , but it was pretty easy , and the benefits are well worth it.FYI -- I had only 128 MB RAM on my system , and upgraded it to 384 the day before installing XP . But even with 384 MB ram , Windows 98 still froze up . XP works fine with my Franklin Planner software , and with Earthlink Instant Messenger , as well as all the standard MS Office , etc. .
 Windows XP was super simple to install . Now , that I 've installed it , my computer has n't crashed once . The added multi-media features make this OS better than any Windows in the past . It starts so much faster , and has a lot of features that make the system easier to use . You could not pay me to go back to 98 .
 Though there are n't a ton of new feautes that make this the best windows ever . When comparing to windows ME there is . I have had this product since the first day it came out and have never seen a blue screen , something that always plagued me before . I have n't had any big problems , and that is what I call stability , when considering previous windows .
 As a content developer , I spend long hours on the computer . When my husband bought me a brand new system , I discovered the bright new world of Windows XP . I love it . Gone are the freezes , stutters , program conflicts and other glitches , I had with Windows 98 . It has a fluid intuitive interface with anything I 'm doing . Everything from the tutorials to the prompts are designed with the user in mind . This is the best new development Windows had had in a very long time , and one I highly recommend .
 I have been running Windows on my machines since 3.11 and when i first installed my copy of Windows XP RC2 i was very impressed . Unlike the previous OS 's , Win 95/98/NT / 2000 , Windows XP 's design has changed for the best , If you have never used windows , Windows XP is right for you because it has the most simple and easy to understand wizards . Have other people using your computer ? XP is there again working for with The Fastest User switching you have ever seen!Another feature is the System Restore Feature first seen with Windows ME , Now can do a Driver Rollback.Windows XP also supports over 15,000 devices out of the Box.Windows XP is The Fastest Windows OS and is should be with the High System Requirements , I would recommend using a Pentium 3 500MHz or higher with 256MB of RAM minimum you should use should be around 128MBWindows XP Home Edtion gets my Thumbs Up !
 I 've been running BETA versions for some time now , and am quite impressed . My hardware is fairly stock stuff , and XP has had no problems . Very stable -LRB- even earlier BETA versions -RRB- , and relatively fast , if you have the hardware . I started using it on a PII 333MHz system with 128MB of RAM . Pretty pokey , especially when compared to Win98SE . But ... Now that I 've upgraded to a Duron 850 with 256MB of RAM , it runs quite nicely . I have a dual-boot between 98SE and XP . Once XP officially ships , though , I 'll drop 98SE -LRB- not that I 've even booted to SE in quite a while , mind you -RRB- . Great support for home systems with multiple users , easy to use and very stable . Maybe I 'm just lucky , but I think Microsoft has a winner here .
 My new Dell , 8200 , desktop came pre-installed with XP , and after using it for a half a month it has been very , very stable and the look of the operating system is really great . The OS can be in your face at times , but you can change the way everything looks and make many things nonexistent so you never see them.The OS starts really fast , and I have not seen the dreaded blue screen at all . Also , my application opening times have much faster than with Windows98 or Windows Me.After getting the feel of the OS I decided to upgrade my , Dell , laptop , which was running Windows Me . The upgrade went very , very smooth , and I did not have any trouble during the install . After having the new OS on my laptop just for a few days I have not seen the constant Windows Me crash , and my laptop starts faster , my applications run quicker , and my computer looks really cool with XP on it . The only draw back that I have noticed with XP on my laptop is that it really uses a lot more memory usage than Windows Me . If you have only 64MB on your laptop , which is what I have , I would suggest upgrading your memory before or after you upgrade.In conclusion , I would really suggest buying Windows XP because it really is Microsoft 's best home version of Windows yet , and it is a really solid product .
 I purchased three copies and installed on all my computers . They are much more stable then they had been in the past . Before you purchase , go to Microsoft 's website and ensure all hardware in your system will be compatible . It may be necessary to reinstall some software and to obtain NT drivers for some hardware , but with all three of my systems , I was able to get everything working without having to purchase replacement equipment . The GUI is much nicer then in the past .
 Granted , while upgrading to XP may not be best in all situations , for me it was well worth it . If you have a newer computer running ME you MUST consider doing it . Although it would be best to do a clean install of XP rather than installing it over your existing operating system . My computer has been plagued with mysterious problems and freezes since it was brand new . Now with XP however it has never been more stable and never faster than it is now . I had a couple of problems with older software , but the hardware was all fine . To all of you out there who were given the `` ME nightmare '' ... . DO IT !
 I installed Windows XP on my desktop and it turned it into a new computer . I have yet to have a crash , something that was common with my Windows ME . The speed and the quality of video/audio playback is spectacular . This is the upgrade you 've been waiting for . It is important , however , to download appropriate XP drivers for peripherals prior to installation . Staples and other stores have a free CD which will analyze your computer prior to installation .
 I have used all versions of Windows except Windows 3.1 and this is the best OS ever . It can convert your hard drive 's file system to NTFS which makes it never freezing again . Oh and for all Windows users who use older versions , you know the blue screen of death right and the illegal operation lecture mostly common in Windows 98 , well that 's history . Some programs are not compatible with Windows XP but that 's ok because it includes a program compatibilaty wizard which lets you pick what OS the softwareb you are gon na install or use is for which insures SMOOTH operation . I should know because I also have Windows XP Media Center Edition which also never freezes . Convert to Windows XP now ! Although you install Windows Xp , your accesories like printers will require you to download additional drivers but Windows XP has a lot of drivers already embedded in although the software is not embedded . Please trust me on this and get it . Do n't get Linux , it 's cheap but I tried it and it does n't work well at all , I have no time to explain , just please trust me . Windows XP also has a built in firewall and networking is the easiest like for my network , I just plugged in an ethernet cable and it was done for connecting to my cable modem , no screen pops up , m it was just done . It never freezes but there will be temporary crashes up to 10 seconds which I heard which never happened to me and everything will be up and running again .
 For what it 's worth ... I upgraded from Windows Me , which always caused me lots of problems in terms of slow performance , trouble booting up , screen freezes , etc. . The XP upgrade was totally without problems , compared with some of the difficulties reported by other users . -LRB- Though my machine is only a couple of years old . -RRB- Performance has been great so far ... boots up much more reliably , with not a single screen freeze to date . From my inexpert perspective , this is a much smoother-running and more reliable system than any previous Windows product . Good luck !
 Yes , Windows systems have been problematic and can drive a user stark raving loony . Acknowledged . And despite being adept with the utility functions -LRB- scan disk , defrag , etc. -RRB- and other low-grade hacks , I was near the end of my rope with crashes , system freeze-ups , and general poor performance under Win98 . So for me , the WinXP upgrade was a measure of last resort.Darn glad I did it , by the way . Upgrading has given new life to my system , and will gain an extra 2 years -LRB- minimum -RRB- on a machine -LRB- five-year old Sony laptop -RRB- that I had almost given up on . Crashes are non-existent , programs are easier to install/uninstall , and in general , all tasks are now easier with WinXP.Even more
 Well , if you are reading this then I guess you are trying to decide whether or not to buy Win XP Professional . Either that or you 're just really bored . Either how , this is based on Professional , however if you are curious about the Home version , this may still be of some help since they are very similar from what I 've heard . So read on and be enlightened.I 'm going to go ahead and give my verdict here . I 'm rating on three categories , ease of use , compatibility and stability . Ease of use is pretty good ; there are wizards for most anything you need to do and first time computer users will probably feel comfortable with Win XP . However , it will take a bit of an adjustment for those used to Windows 9x . When it comes to compatibility XP is not as bad as some have feared , but there are still some problems , which I 'll get into later . As far as stability goes , I 'm simply amazed . I 've yet to see a Blue Screen of Death , or have to reboot because of the OS . Another nice feature is how fast the system boots up -LRB- starts -RRB- . XP allows you to go from a cold start to having programs to work with much faster than Windows98 - no more long waits as little lines roll across the program 's launch window.I will start with ease of use . And when it comes to that I may as well start with the install . It 's painless . I 've done this install overtop of an old Win 98 SE install , and on a clean disk . Both times went great . When you install it overtop of 98 , all your old settings stay the same and no files are deleted . When it is installed on a clean disk , it works just as well , except for one question which someone new to the NT based OS might find strange . It asks how you want the disk to be formatted , and gives choices such as NT or FAT 32 . The two things that worry people most about installing XP are product activation and the product key code . Product activation has not bothered me once since the install , and I chose to do it later , never gave me any trouble . And if you are too lazy to type in a key code , then I do n't see how you got the motivation to install XP to begin with.So now you 've got XP installed , and you want to know what it does to make your life easier . There are wizards to do anything you want in XP , and the nice thing is that they are easy to follow for people who do n't know what they are doing , but do n't get in your way either . Another nice touch is the most recently used programs list . Picture the recent documents folder on your start menu , but with programs . You can choose to arrange files in much better ways now , such as in groups , or by track duration for mp3 's . Basically , it plays nicer with mp3 's and digital devices.And if a program does n't run under XP , you can use the Compatibility Mode to fix many of these problems . Gamers will love XP - the speed at which video games operate is noticeably improved.Another cool feature - Fast User Switching . Five people in your house may use the computer - each with different bookmarks and documents . XP makes it easier to share one machine among a lot of people.Windows XP will have a revamped interface with rich colours and textures in icons , buttons , toolbars and menus . A larger Start menu automatically displays icons of frequently used applications . The Control panel , My Computer and other system folders link to common file management tasks and organize icons into novice-friendly categories . You can of course disable most of these features and then Windows XP will look similar to Windows ME & 2000 . Windows XP includes all of Windows ME consumer oriented add-ons and improves on some of them . There are Camera & Scanner Wizards and the associated My Pictures folder is bursting with ways to preview , copy & print images from your PC or attached digital camera . Windows XP also supports the new Picture Transfer Protocol for camera connections.Included is the new Windows Media Player 8 which is more streamlined & customizable than earlier versions and also plays DVD 's . It also has the ability to burn CD 's . Windows Media Audio & Video files will sound & look better while using less disk space . Microsoft says it has improved the encoding algorithm for both formats and has added a new 750kbps video stream rate -LRB- geared towards cable & DSL connections -RRB- that approximates DVD quality.Windows XP also has Windows ME 's System Restore feature which lets you roll back the system to an earlier configuration and has a new safety net . The automated System Recovery wizard in the Backup program will guide you to create a boot floppy/CD-Recordable combo that you can use to recover from a hard disk crash or other problem . This feature is not included in the Home Edition.Both versions of Windows XP include a personal firewall.Next up is compatibility . Here is where XP looses points . First , Earthlink software will not work on XP or Win 2k for that matter . Burnt CD 's seem to be a problem for XP as well . The OS would not recognize that there was anything at all several different disks full of mp3s . I was unable to install Unreal under XP , but games seemed to work well for the most part.Stability is where XP really shines . Other than that XP has yet to crash , slow down , or glitch . That 's not to say that programs themselves do n't crash , but when they do they do n't take XP down with them . If you are used to Windows 2000 then XP is every bit as stable . If you are currently running Windows 9x then expect much greater stability in XP . The only reboots necessary are for hardware and some software installs.Windows XP is not without its flaws however . Like most software when it is first released there are bugs . Many of these can be fixed with Windows Update , and XP 's auto update makes keeping up to date on patches simple . The update can be set to download automatically when you are online and install when you are ready . This is not done behind your back , so if you need the bandwidth then the download can be paused and resumed later.In general I feel that XP Pro is a good investment , but not a must have . It is much better than its predecessors , but high cost , bugs , and some compatibility issues are several reasons to hold off on purchasing XP . If you decide to make the switch then I highly recommend running the Upgrade Advisor from Microsoft . This program will point out hardware and software that are not immediately compatible with XP , but may have patches from the manufacturer.Overall Windows XP Professional is a bright , colourful operating system with some great added features . It is very stable and reliable and it incorporate excellent user support . I would highly recommend upgrading if you own Windows 98 or any other previous version . I 'm still exploring the potential of Windows XP and I seem to find new features every day !
 I am somewhat suprised at the negative responses to this product . I have XP Pro on my desktop for about two months now . I have had absolutely no problems , even with some useful old software from Win 95 times . And I bought a new laptop -LRB- Dell -RRB- which came preinstalled with XP Home . It runs flawlessly . Again , I have put on some old programs that I like . I have yet to have a crash on either of these machines . I always hated Win 98 since on my desktop , and an old laptop , the machines frequently froze up and I received several times a day the nasty message `` You have performed an illegal operation '' . I kept checking the door for the police to show up . The internet was always shutting down while I was working . I had to reinstall Win98 on both machines at least once a month . I was ready to go back to MAC . I have been using Personal Computers since before the IBM PC and always hated DOS and Windows . I spent many years with Mac at home , and DOS and Windows at work . But now I believe I might be sold on this one . I honestly believe the complainers are not seriously looking into what they are putting on their machines . If something does not work in the least bit , then by all means take it off before damage is caused . I have had about four OLD programs that XP did not like , and I can live without them . I immediately removed them completely and have had no problems . I had similar experiences with WIN98 and discarded the offending programs . I am extremely careful about what software I download from the internet . I am very cautious . My only complaint about any software would likely be the price , but I have no control over that . But I do carefully choose my vendors .
 I have been using XP for a while now , and it is so much easier to use than the older versions . Even thought the Program Compatibility Wizard is an excellent addition to this software , it can sometimes be frustrating when all you want to do is pop the CD-ROM in and let Auto-Play work its magic . A word to the wise , make sure your printer , scanner , etc. is compatible with XP before purchasing .
 My computer came with Windows ME . Apparently , it did not handle the memory well . After using a program or two , or surfing the Internet for a short time , it would progressively slow down and eventually stall completely , giving the notice , `` The System is Dangerously Low on Resources '' . With RAM of 265 megs , this did n't please me very well . I decided to try the upgrade to XP Home Edition . On installing , the XP recognized all of my hardware without further help on my part . It also kept all my software and works fine with it . I had to update a program for the DVD drive , which was easy . Nothing else was necessary ; just let the XP Upgrade install itself . My computer now operates reliably for as long as I want to use it . There are no more slow downs and so far no freeze ups at all . It operates in a more positive way . It 's a bit faster for web page downloads and picture downloads with a dial up Internet connection . After using Windows 95 , 98 , ME , and this XP , I would definitely say that XP is by far the best of the four systems . It also has a prettier look and I really like the newer Start Menu design . It operates intuitively if one is used to using Windows .
 Finally , a version of Windows that really deserves your money . Even if you own a recent version of Windows , you find alot to be happy about . However , read a few of the upgrade tips I ; ve written below , and save yourself some headaches.The best `` new '' addition is the added stability of the OS . Even Win2K users will find alot more stability when you run multimedia and games . For users of Win95 , 98 , or ME , notice this important difference - WinXP wo n't crash , but your programs might . That is , if one program crashes on your computer , it probably wo n't cause you to lose work from other programs running at the same time . Otherwise , I have still noticed things crash about 2-3 times a month , usually when I try to open too many things at once.The interface is very fancy and showy , with menus that fade in or bound across the screen or whatever . Everything was refinished with the sharper resolutions and higher colors of todays monitors , and looks beautiful . This comes at a price , though , as my 1ghz cpu and generic video card can barely perform all the fancy effects . Also , the start menu and desktop icons have changed enough that I find myself missing the old set-up . This is okay , as you can change WinXP to use the old style interface , but some of you might find this difficult to figure out ... WinXP is excellent for families who share a computer , because it keeps a seperate profile for everyone , and allows everyone their own private desktop and `` space '' . Older versions of Windows had this , but never in such a useful manner.If you use your computer to make MP3 of your music , stay away from WinXP !!!! Microsoft has definitely put the locks down on the copying of music files , such that WAV files from a CD ca n't be copied to the hard-drive or converted to MP3s . For a bonafide 100 % legal music fan like myself , this is ridiculous . Maintain you old step-up if you do this.I play a few older games on my computer , and have n't seen any of them crash yet . Some of the 3D games actually run faster than they do on WinME , but everything needs more memory to run properly.People have complained about the activation system , and they both right and wrong - it can be a pain ... -LRB- you have to contact Microsoft every time you upgrade your computer -RRB- but I did n't find it to be difficult at all . Microsoft is n't charging you for this , the activiation is free , as many times as you want to do it.UPGRADE TIPS : -- Double-check each and every piece of hardware on your computer for compatability with WinXP BEFORE you upgrade . -- Download hardware drivers and save them to disc BEFORE you upgrade ! -- The best way to upgrade any version of Windows is to erase everything on your hard drive and install it on a blank slate . Back everything up . The little stuff you might forget is n't worth the headaches you 'll have otherwise . -- If any of the above intimidates you , then PAY SOMEONE ELSE to install WinXP for you . Best Buy will do this for not much money , and save you some headaches . -- Generic software , like that clipart collection you bought for $ 10 , will most likely NOT work . Cheap software is rarely updated with new versions of windows . The same goes for generic hardware - cheap video cameras , digital cameras , printers , scanners , etc. . Again , look on the internet for compatability with everything you use , and be prepared to upgrade more than just you operating system ...
 I 've cursed Microsoft as much as the next person ... and although I 'm unlikely to stop anytime soon , Windows XP goes a long way towards making everything right again . I just upgraded from Windows ME , and I 'm soooo glad I did . I only wish I had done it sooner.Under Windows ME , I was having all sorts of problems . I 'd have bizarre system lock ups , hardware compatability issues , chronic and unexplained system restarts ... and sometimes the darned computer would n't even turn off -LRB- it would shut down , but never turn itself off ... I 'd have to disconnect power completely -RRB- . The system regularly became so corrupted I 'd have to wipe my primary harddrive and reinstall Windows ME about once every four months to get the system running again . Well , no more.Installing the upgrade was a breeze , I hardly had to do anything , just sit back , fill in some information , and off it went . It took about an hour , and all I had to do was poke my head in every once in awhile to make sure it did n't need anything else from me . Once installed , the performance is very smooth , and it is much more attractive than Windows ME . It also gives you better control over your video settings -LRB- which , as a video game junkie is essential for me , but also helps with DVDs and pictures ... -RRB- . Only problems I experienced was that Norton Utilies 2001 wo n't run with XP . Also , I had to reinstall my DSL software which was something of a pain . Other programs that had problems running just needed to be patched and updated.As for home networking ... Configuring XP for my home LAN was a breeze ; just a matter of clicking a few buttons and it was all set ... a far cry from the half-hour of heartburn and hair pulling I had with ME . Setup is also a breeze and rather intuitive . You have to do a little extra tweaking to allow other computers to view and access your files , but that 's a welcome tradeoff for the increased stability . -LRB- I 've about three different firewalls up , so that made things a little extra difficult . -RRB- They promised increased stability , and they delivered . I 'm delighted with the upgrade to Windows XP and would highly recommend it to anyone debating whether or not to toss their clunky ME OS.System Specs
 I rate this OS 4 stars . It was great but could have been better . The graphics are intense but there have been many system crashes . There are also many compatibility issues . I had to download drivers for my HP Scanner , my Epson Printer , and many other pieces of software . It was n't easy to find everything . Many people can not find any drivers at all . So they are stuck , I got lucky . I believe this is a great operating system but I also think you should check out your compatibility information before purchasing Windows XP . It can be great but can also be a pain .
 GREAT OS !! The best improvement since Win98 !! I had NO problems in the upgrade . I have had NO problems with performance !! Most important ... I have had NO , I repeat NO system hangs or crashes since installing this OS.I installed XP about 2 months after building my first computer . Getting all the drivers installed with WinME was hella time-consuming . I expected the same problems when I upgraded to XP ... even worse from all the negative comments I have heard.It was shockingly easy . I formatted the HD just to get a brand spanking new system , and XP automatically installed all the drivers for everything . With ME I had to install the sound card , video card , CDR/RW , LAN card , Printer , Smart/Flash Reader , Web-cam , and scanner with either floppys or CDs . With XP , the process was over in only a few minutes.I spent an hour in disbelief making sure that everything was OK , and it was.On top of that , XP has great support for those of us who need to type in Japanese , but still need an English OS . It is a little tricky , but is part of the standard system.I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 for 2 reasons . 1 -RRB- Some compatability problems with some older games I have -LRB- Magic
 ... by some of the scary reviews here . I just did an effortless upgrade of a Compaq 800mhz Celeron Presario which had been running ME . Needless to say , XP is a MUCH MORE STABLE operating system . I did choose to do a `` New Installation '' after installing the upgrade CD ; essentially it wipes your hard drive clean . The upgrade provided necessary drivers for my modem , and I therefore had no trouble getting into the Net , where I FIRST downloaded Norton AntiVirus 2004 . Then I went to the Microsoft site to download a LARGE package of XP security updates . I then added in my software , which I had already checked for compatibility by downloading the Microsoft XP Upgrade Advisor several days before my XP installation . -LRB- You also can check compatibility with the XP upgrade CD , but I wanted to know ahead of time which software I 'd need to replace -RRB- XP ran quite well on the 128mb which were originally on my machine , but I chose to add another 128mb after looking at my system information.Don ' t hesitate . For less than $ 100 , XP upgrade is a GREAT bargain . It 's certainly much cheaper than buying a new machine !!
 I have purchased XP a few weeks ago and do not regret at all . It does run slower comparing to Windows ME but what is more important to , speed or stability ?
 I have a Dell laptop -LRB- Inspiron 7500 -RRB- . With Windows 98 , the fan at the back made so much noise ; it was the most annoying thing . Windows XP saved me from that horrifying sound . My computer is so queit now . This alone was worth the money for me . ------------------- I had some problems with Suspend mode after installation , but the rest of the installing process was easy . My computer has 466 MHz Celeron and 128mb memory . I was worried that it would not be enough , but it turned out fine . -------------------- The new photo , music and IM functions are good . I am a heavy media user , and find the new features though not revolutionizing , but queit convinient . ----------------- The new look is cute too -------------------- My happiest moment with XP was when I inserted my Network card into the computer . Without me doing anything , within seconds , it was automatically installed . I spend hours trying to install it on 98 , and it never worked . ============ THIS HAS BEEN A GREAT EXPERIENCE . TRY IT .
 After viewing the RC1 , I can state with some confidence that this product is great and I would highly recommend purchasing it . With great added functions , notably video editing , this is the complete home entertainment system . You will love using this product , buy it today !
 I have bought and ejoyed all the different Microsoft Windows editions , but nothing like this . Microsoft Windows XP is faster and easy to use . The Start icon is a fat tab like hard candy and the menu is sorted in two different categories . Definitely worth it !
 This is the best operatering software you can buy at any store ! I highly rec . !!!!!!!!!!!
 Finally , It 's arrived with my expectations.Really I look forward to own an OS with DVD 's & Video 's Handling Capabilities as well as with an excellent for Internet Communications and I can combine Hotmail and all other Microsoft Amneities.I am going to grab this amazon 's amaizing offer and upgrade my Win '98 SE Windows XP Home EditionI hope You too ...
 My friend wanted me to get this to show me how kewl it was and i bought it and tried it out . IT 's the best thing ever , I see why windows made this . I 's the best thing in the world . I seriously recomend buying it cuz it 's the shiznit !!!!!!!!!!! I can never stop using it cuz my PC is m ylife i live on it .
 I have had this product for about a month . Decided to actually give in and buy a legit upgrade . I know I know , I suck for not doing it sooner . I had windows 2000 and just never wanted to waste money on a real upgrade . I 'm glad I did though . All those bugs that I did n't get the benefit of fixing with a real copy of windows are now gone . My system runs so much smoother and I am so glad I finally made the switch . I got this edition pretty cheap and it does everything i need it to . My computer has yet to mess up * knock on wood * . If you are looking to upgrade , and are looking to do it pretty cheap , I definitely think this is the way to go ! This is an upgrade , so you do need to be running windows already on your cpu for this to work .
 Microsoft is trying to kill off Windows XP , but with the non-acceptance of Vista , it will live on for some time . Eventually MS will cut the cord on support , but until then , this is s fine operating system .
 Windows XP is definitley the best and most advanced of any operating system for a personal computer . It 's programs are amazing . If one has a PC the only operating system they should even think about getting is XP . XP is the standard . Everything runs on XP . This is the best technology yet and I love Windows XP
 I ca n't believe people are actually complaining about MS fixing the security holes
 I have used PCs since 1994 . In that space of time , i 've used Windows 3.11 , 9x , and Me . XP has to be the most demanding OS i 've seen . First , the reqirements are pretty steep . On my previous PC , I had to upgrade the RAM to even run the OS and after I chose the upgrade option -LRB- bad mistake -RRB- the OS took up almost my entire HDD . I had to revert to Win98 so I could burn CDs -LRB- which failed . -RRB- The point of my sob story is to do a clean install and uninstall any apps that will block using the new OS.Recently I got a new PC with XP preinstalled . Most of the problems that dogged my old PC are gone . Stabilty is better than ever . As we dig in the OS itself , Windows Media Player is preinstalled as is MSN Messenger -LRB- renamed Windows Messenger -RRB- . There are no new features in IE6 . If you want a real browser for XP , grab Netscape 6.2.2 off the net . The new Luna interface , along with the many wizards make me feel like a dummy . The final point is that XP is a good OS , but wait until you get it on a new PC .
 Window 's XP is the best Window 's OS I 've tried . I 've had every Window 's OS since 3.1 . A year ago I upgraded from Windows 98 to Windows Me and the bugginess increased dramatically . My computer crashed at least once a day , if not more . Since installing XP , I have had a totally different experience . XP does crash sometimes , but not often . It 's very stable . That alone is a huge plus for XP . The installation was the easiest install I 've had . I had zero problems with device drivers not being detected when installing the OS . That impressed me . I remember installing 98 and a third of my devices were not detected . How far Windows has come.Windows XP is not perfect but it 's getting closer to the mark .
 Of course the hype is tremendous , but the OS is stable and reliable . It is defenitle faster than W2000 and ME -LRB- at startup -RRB- I would recomend it if you have ME but not if you have 2000 ...
 I first installed the upgrade just as soon as I recieved it and had compatability problems.So then I reformatted my hard drive and installed Win98SE and then immediately upgraded to XP.Then I went to the net and got all of the latest drivers for my hardware and it has been trouble free since.Now I could n't think of going back to 98 or ME.I love it especially the stability .
 Most people who have used Microsoft operating systems at home -LRB- and that 's most of us -RRB- are going to be familiar with their 9x line of OS 's - Windows 95 , 98 , and Millenium Edition -LRB- ME -RRB- . While each has boasted new features , none has really improved on stability . ME is nearly as crash-prone as 95 . Windows XP solves this problem . Microsoft has long had a parallel line of operating systems for the office , the NT line , consisting of Windows NT and Windows 2000 . For the office , Microsoft judged that stability was more important than bells and whistles - thus , the NT line did n't blue screen -LRB- as much -RRB- , but did n't support a lot of the features that home users want.With XP , the two lines have been merged -LRB- mostly -RRB- , and the best of both worlds appear in this OS . It is extremely stable , but still has all of the features that home users want , as well as introducing new ones . In fact , for a lot of new games and to take advantage of new hardware , it will be necessary to have XP.Installation is fairly easy , as most every driver you 'll need comes preloaded . This really cuts down on the amount of setup you 'll need to do . The biggest issue will probably be compatability , both in terms of hardware and software . You may have to upgrade older hardware . Luckily , XP will tell you this before installation . Microsoft has a compatibility checker on their website which will allow you to check if your software will run on XP . Using this is highly recommended - there 's nothing worse than upgrading and finding out your favorite piece of software no longer works.All in all , XP is the operating system we 've all been waiting for - fast and stable without cutting features .
 I just have to say it never crashes on me and it has a very nice layout .
 I am a longtime user of PC 's all the way back to DOS 3.0 -LRB- I 'm old ! -RRB- . This is by far the most stable , complete and easy to use version of Windows yet . It is designed for modern PC 's with fast processors and a lot of RAM , but if you have the system resources this is the OS to use . Graphics are the sharpest and tasks such as CD burning , pictures and internet access is built in . This OS also has the largest driver database imaginable , almost all devices load and function automaticly . VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !
 Installed on a Winbook XL2 that I have been threatening to smash , trash , and crash for over 2 years for ongoing aggravating bootup and shutdown problems . Could not boot with USB device attached . Reinstalled 98 a dozen times , no better . Restored from Winbooks restore CD no better.I have been running XP on it for 2 weeks and have had none of the previous problems , and have it on a small network now as well . Hard to believe it could resolve all this but so far so good .
 When I got this I was upgrading from windows ME . So you could imagine how excited I was to have a OS that was actually really stable .
 This is the best operating system I 've ever had . Before , I used to own Windows ME , but it crashed every 2 months , and my programs crashed often , but with Windows XP , I have n't either one of these in 3 months , record for me . Just some advice , if you have Easy CD Creator 4 , upgrade to Easy CD Creator 5 , ... Other than that , XP is the best system you can get .
 This is a must have OS upgrade for anyone who wants to continue using the Microsoft Windows platform at home and does n't already run a professional OS -LRB- such as Windows 2000 -RRB- . The improved system stability is the number one feature that most folks will appreciate . Additional features like built in multimedia support for scanners and digital cameras adds greatly to the power and utility of the OS.The only reason I did n't give this software a 5 star rating was due to the hassle required to install it . If you have a custom built PC -- and especially if you have a RAID array -LRB- if you do n't know what this is then you do n't have to worry about it -RRB- on your PC -- then be prepared for a headache when you install . It took me almost an entire day to get the OS up and running on a single machine due to incompatibilies with the RAID controller -LRB- which both Microsoft and the RAID controller 's manufacturer -LSB- ADAPTEC -RSB- said did n't exist -RRB- . I actually had to remove the controller card in order to get the software to install . At which point I re-installed the card and everything worked fine with no data loss on the RAID array .
 Windows XP Home is only second to XP Pro in my book . If you have an upgrade XP version than reformat your hard drive and than install Windows XP , you can do this using the XP disc . First it 'll ask that you do n't have a qualify os on your hard drive that 's when you put your Win98 or Win Me cd in the cd tray and it 'll verify that you have a qualify disc , than you put your XP disc back in the tray and go from there . XP Home or Pro is a lot better than 9x -LRB- Win95-Win Me -RRB- . It 's more stable . It utilizes ram better . I would get at least 512 of ram . It likes a lot of ram .
 I wo n't get into a technical review of the actual product , what I will tell you is this : I 'm running on a P3 600Mhz system with 128MB of RAM and I run multiple operating systems off this system ; Win 2K Pro and 98 SE . This was by far , the easiest upgrade of a Windows Operating System that I 've done to date . The Upgrade Report , an app that examines your system and tells you what applicaitons and drivers are not compatible with XP was invaluable . The second most valuable tool was the Migration Wizard to move all my mail , desktop and app settings over to the new O/S . Much better than 98 -LRB- any flavor -RRB- the Network and legacy support is VERY solid and my system was back up on my home network pulling down the latest updates from MS in less than 45 minutes .
 Forget the hype and rumors , XP works ! Do n't be put off by the awesome install time -LRB- about an hour -RRB- or the scary warnings it will give you about your printer/digital camera/scanner etc not being compatible -LRB- a quick trip to the manufacturers website to download the latest driver for XP soon sorts that out -RRB- , take the plunge and you 'll be rewarded by a more pleasing look and feel , easier handling of images , sound and video , and the much-anticipated uncrashability . Will add years to the lifespan of your PC .
 First , let 's define what Windows XP is and is not.It is NOT an upgrade to Windows 95 , Windows 98 , Windows 98 Second Edition , nor even Windows Millennium Edition . It IS an updated and enhanced version of Windows 2000 -LRB- which is why it is referred to as Windows NT 5.1 since Windows 2000 was Windows NT 5.0 -RRB- It is a better operating system . Those of you that have been using the home-user version of Windows -LRB- that 'd be 95 , 98 , etc. -RRB- have no idea of the performance increase . Windows 2000 was a GREAT platform and Windows XP is simply an improved Windows 2000 with a contemporary and colorful interface thrown on top . If you do n't like the new look of Windows XP , well , like most Microsoft products you can choose to view it in Classic Mode.I have heard the complaints of it being an expensive software package . Before jumping to this conclusion and deciding to stick to Windows 95 , 98 , 98 SE , or Me please bear in mind
 Bought this as I was getting tired of the same old look of Windows since 1995 . This is the most visually appealing windows ever . It makes Windows 3.11 from the early 90 's seem prehistoric ! The colors and icons are bright and colorful . Buy Windows xp Plus for some more exciting screen savers and games.The operating system is stable and has never crashed in the three weeks I 've owned it . I hibernate it and when I had Windows Me it would always freeze on me . Has not happened with this system.One thing I do n't understand is that I can not encrypt files like I used to be able to with Windows Me . I do n't understand why but that is one of my complaints.Another complaint would be that some things are incompatible . I could n't burn a CD until I went to Adaptec website and downloaded a newer version which I have 90 free days and then have to shell out some more cash for it . Also , music match had to be updated . My Umax scanner wo n't work and went to Umax website and they still have n't put an update driver for xp.Other than those complaints I 'm very excited to say I really like this update .
 If you are still running a machine with 98 or ME , this could be your last upgrade for that machine to get a little more use out of it before having to break down and buy a new machine capable of running Vista . It drastically cut the down time due to the blue screen errors on 98 and ME .
 I got a new computer last month that had Windows XP Home Edition SP1 preinstalled . My previous computers had run Windows 95 and 98 . So far , I 'd say XP is an improvement over its predecessors . It does n't crash as often , is less buggy , and it has more advanced features , such as the customizable Start Menu and built-in firewall . It will take you a while to discover all the features of this new operating system.However , that 's not to say XP is perfect . I 've encountered a few error messages , noticed some problems with older USB hardware that is supposed to be XP compatible , and the computer totally froze up on me a couple of times while using the CD-RW drive . Some of that may or may not have been XP 's fault.XP has a different look than 95 , 98 or ME . Icons , task bars , scroll bars , fonts , buttons are more colorful and smoother looking . But if you do n't like the XP style , you have the option of changing it to the `` classic '' style , which is similar to 98 and ME.I 'm not a big fan of upgrading a computer 's current operating system -LRB- too many things can go wrong -RRB- , so if you really want to try XP , I 'd recommend getting a new computer with XP preinstalled .
 I recently upgraded form Windows 98 to XP on my home PC . I use Windows 2000 at work and I have to say that XP is by far the best choice for the home PC . I did the XP Upgrade and I must say that is was extremely easy to convert my 98 system to XP . I takes A L-O-N-G time to do the install -LRB- a single cd , yet prepare to spend about 2 hours once you hit `` go '' -RRB- . MOST IMPORTANT THING TO REMEMBER ... If you do nothing else to prepare for the upgrade ; take the time to run the hardware & software compatibility check before you commit yourself to the install . This is most critical & here 's a good example . The driver for my PC 's modem/chipset was incompatible with XP . This was highlighted when I ran the test and it allowed me to retrieve the updated driver before launching the upgrade . If I had not done this , then I would have been toast . After the upgrade I would not have been able to use my modem to access the internet to get the new driver after the fact . So do yourself a favor , run the test , print it out , get all your patches beforehand & you 'll save yourself a ton of frustration and wasted time.Other than that it 's great and very easy to load . They did a great job with the user interface and instructions . It was a no brainer to install . Just remeber to read everything first , run the compatibility test , print out the important stuff -LRB- it even tells you what the important stuff is ! -RRB- and get your patches before you hit `` go '' . Now go & dump your 5 year old OS and get up to date .
 My fiance and mom both are n't comfortable with Windows XP and I 've heard tons of horror stories about bugs and incompatibility . But from the day I opened XP I was hooked ! A much more attractive look and a very user-friedly interface .
 Let me start by saying do not attempt to upgrade unless you are going to do a clean install . Use the opporunity to reformat your hard drive and get rid of all the excess waste that has built up on your system over the years . If you do this and download the proper printer driver ahead of time you will be rewarded with the fastest , most stable and user friendly version of Windows ever , as well as a lot of extra disk space on your hard drive . I lost many hours trying to install over Windows ME to no avail and finally decided to backup all my important files and bite the bullet with a clean install . My E-machines 466 Celeron runs faster than ever before and it boots up faster than my friends HP Pentium III running windows ME . I love the updates to my pictures and being able to record CD-Roms with no extra software . The stability is perfect . After three weeks I have only had to reboot the computer one time due to a freeze up or `` Blue Screen '' . This compares to once every other day with Window 's ME
 If you are still running Win98 SE ... upgrade !! If you are running WinNT , I 'm sorry :-RRB- But you REALLY need to upgrade -LRB- to Home Edition if at home , or Professional Ed if at a business -RRB- . If you were suckered into upgrading from Win98 SE to Win Millenium Edition like I was , feel free to toss the WinME disc in the trash , but BUY this one ! WinXP Home Edition -LRB- HE -RRB- is as big a jump from Win98 SE as Win98 was from Win95 , or as Win95 was from Win 3.1 . What 's better is that the huge benefits can be invisible to the casual user , so if you are not very computer-savvy , do n't worry . Some of the best features
 I upgraded my Celeron366 computer frm Win98Classic to XP Home , and , believe it or not , it 's so much better ! Excellent hardware support , easier than ever , though , a little hard getting used to if your used to running the old Windows98 . I highly recommend it !
 When thinking about this review , I realized how conditioned I have become in my use of Microsoft operating systems . For some time , I have been running Windows 98 and Windows ME on my machines . They all run 24/7 , as I donate my computer time to the SETI@HOME and Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search -LRB- GIMPS -RRB- distributed processing programs . My personal usage is very heavy , as I often have many processes running when I work . Furthermore , I have a training center where I offer classes in corporate training . Two reboots of each of the machines are built into my daily schedule , although generally one or more need a third , sometimes during class . With this as a backdrop , I was initially very skeptical about the touted stability of XP . I had heard many similar claims about the operating systems that I had been running , and my experience did not support them . However , after running XP for a couple of months , I am impressed.The stability in running for extended periods of time without a necessary reboot simply leaves the previous versions in the lurch . I can run a process for days and then when I try to do anything , there is none of that maddening delay for anything to happen that occurs after hours of processing on the other machines . That alone makes the upgrading of all of my machines to XP cost effective . Another feature that makes my life easier is that I no longer have to fight some of the compatibility problems . There have been times when programs have run on the Windows 98 machine but simply would not do anything on the ME ones . This has caused me no ends of grief as I have had to reschedule classes due to system incompatibility . My best estimate is that each upgrade to XP will pay for itself in less than three weeks , even without alterations in my class schedule.Finally , the appearance of the screen is so much nicer to look at in XP . It seems that the Microsofties have finally decided that how the thing looks matters . This is an area where I am a bit of a throwback to the old days of text only , so this is worth more than it sounds.If you are running any version of a Microsoft operating system earlier than XP where you put any stress on it , then you should seriously consider upgrading . The added stability of your computers will add some stability to your life , it certainly has added some to mine.Published in Mathematics and Computer Education , reprinted with permission .
 I 've had Windows XP for a year now and it 's probably the best OS that Microsoft has put out so far . The major difference in this version compared to it 's predecessors is the new interface . At first , I was skeptical of the new design because it looked a little too user-friendly for my liking but I got used to it quickly . The colors are vibrant and they make a difference in the attraction of this product.This operating system is much more stable than the other versions , too . Windows Me was the first OS that I ever used but I always felt that it left much to be desired . The stability was bad , the omnipresent blue screen of death -LRB- if you 've had Me , you 'll know what I am talking about -RRB- came up often , and it seemed so much like a Windows 98 3rd Edition instead of Me after I tried out 98 . Fortunately , This blue screen of death is absent from this version . Compared to the other versions , this is like a Godsend.If you are sick of unstability or just want to upgrade , go for this product .
 I had n't heard anything about XP prior to using it . Little Ole ' me was satisfied with Win98-2nd Ed . XP came preinstalled on my new P4 and its a whole new experience . I 'm very surprised.Downside is that one gets very used to the & # % backward Win98 system and may have to actually take the XP Tour and Tutorial to even realize how dark ages Win98 really was . I did . Another downside is compatibility . Since most software packages , games and input devices have n't been completely tested as XP compatible , you 'll either have to ingnore compatibility issues -LRB- this seems to work -RRB- or wait for your software to be upgraded .
 This `` very stable '' operating system finally has solved my Home PC problems for life . We have two computers for the 4 of us at home , finally everything is so easy
 finally a new OS based on a different kernel than the one all versions of Windows -LRB- excluding NT and 2000 -RRB- used since windows 95 kernel was made in 1993 . Set up was so darn easy . Although I chose to back up my existing data from my win98se install and format the hard drive with the newer NTFS -LRB- NT file system -RRB- instead of using FAT32 . No problems on install and hardware detection was a breeze . I am currently overseas and using a german made ISDN modem . Previously the installation process was 3 step and painful . I prepared myself for this again , but when I open the Device manager on first boot THERE IT WAS ALREADY . Ok I am impressed . Networking setup was simple and I love being able to have 2 separate user accounts so that my wife can keep her own favorites and I can arrange the desktop as I want and never the twain shall meet.There is a lot of stuff which is just eye candy , but vast improvements too . During times of being idle XP arranges your programs on the disk to make them start faster . Optimizing it is called.After hearing friends ' horror stories about installing and using WinME I was thrilled with XP
 This review is based on release candidate 2 -LRB- RC2 -RRB- . Can I say anything but Kudos ? The new interface is intuitive to the max . It 's a big step above former versions of Windows and even a cut above Macs . Stability is , well , I ca n't get it to crash . Compatibility is phenomenal . DOS , Win 3.1 and Win9x programs run without a problem -LRB- remember , this is based on the NT file system and kernel , not the DOS-based file system and kernel -RRB- . This is what Windows was meant to be when version 1.0 came out . OK , it took 9 years to get it to this level but , now that it 's where it 's meant to be , there is no reason not to get it if your computer will run it . Most people will be satisfied with the home version . If you have a business or are a real computer geek , then you may want the Pro version . Installation is a snap -LRB- takes about an hour -RRB- and , if you decide that it 's not for you , it uninstalls easily.For me there 's no going back . I think that you 'll feel the same way once you try it .
 Approximately one year after Microsoft released its most recent 100-pound gorilla Operating System , most of my impressions of XP remain the same . The memory occupied by the two of the processes that Windows runs on 2000
 I 'm probably one of those less popular reviewers because I am not a `` Microsoft-hater '' . XP Pro sparkled at detecting all of the hardware associated with an HP Pavilion . Detection of a lot of hardware on `` bundle '' leaders like Compaq and Hewlett-Packard often tripped up prior Windows versions . About the only piece of hardware XP failed to detect was a Seiko Smart Label Printer Pro , which installed just fine with it 's own software . Smart Label Printer Pro users beware ! You must use advanced options and turn off those FIFO buffers on the COM port you are using the Smart Label Printer Pro on or it will cause a print fault . I believe this is an anomaly with the SLP , and not Windows.Another thing that impressed me about Windows XP Professional is that my klunky dialup modem connects at a consistently faster rate than it did under Windows ME . Some of this could be ambitious connection reporting , but my online sessions using a dialup seem more stable and faster and I am not disconnected as often.I seldom suffer the system crashes I experienced with previous versions from what I 'll call the `` 95 Family '' which means from Windows 95 through ME . XP seems to offer some of that `` NT '' stability for standalone computers.Some people do n't like the new `` teletubbie '' rounded look . I 'm not sure how I feel about it yet , but it 's a pretty simple task to revert to the Windows classic view . Adding programs to the start menu is n't quite as easy in XP , but if you switch to classic view , it works as easily as prior versions.Although I have n't presented some of the negative aspects extant since Windows 3.11 , my opinion is that Windows XP is a pretty neat , stable product and I 'm enjoying using it !
 I bought Windows XP at the recommendation of a friend . -LRB- I have a P3 800 MHz with 256 MB RAM -RRB- . The installation went without a hitch , once I did some research and downloaded all the updated drivers . Now my computer was ready for XP , or so I thought . The only problem was XP would n't recognize my scanner or TV card . Not a problem . I bought I new -LRB- even better -RRB- scanner . I 've yet to buy a TV card . I 'm gon na wait and see if any new drivers are released first . So far , I 've only had one crash on XP . Other than that , my system has been working even better than 98SE !
 Windows XP is by far the best Windows operating system to date . This OS is wonderful ! It does so many different things , and the best part is that it does n't crash ! I 've had a lot of programs lock up , and they are easily shut down in less than 5 seconds . The best part is , that Microsoft took out the infamous `` Blue Screen of Death '' it 's gone now ! The best part is that it comes with a lot of built in features that are like a lot of Norton Utilities . However , the only draw back to this product is the fact that it can only be installed on one computer .
 Imagine a Windows OS that looks good , is easier to use than all previous incarantions , is n't buggy , and does n't crash every 10 minutes . So far , that 's exactly what Windows XP is.I actually built my own computer for the first time a few months back . I bought some parts in Japan , and ordered some from the States . It 's always worked `` just enough '' but with both Windows 98 and Windows ME , it had more than it 's fair share of problems . Seeing as how it was a labor of love , I could n't just shelf it , but the more apps I installed on the poor baby the worse it got . All that changed when I installed Windows XP.Let me get my one complaint out of the way . The whole issue of activating Windows from a server . Ok , so far this is n't to big a deal for me , but I do have another computer I plan on hooking up via LAN , so if the rumors of having to buy more than one copy is true , this could blossom into a real problem . I WILL not buy two copies of this . Shelling out a c-note is quite enough thank you . For purposes of installation however , it was quick and painless.Appearance
 Easy to install even if it was a bit time consuming -LRB- over 90 minutes -RRB- only problem was with my isp -LRB- comcast -RRB- their help desk was no help . I clicked on setup help and did it all myself fixing the problems ...
 I 've had XP for a while and I 'm very happy with it . It 's nice to have customized settings for each person in the family . My only problem giving a 4 not a 5 was that it kept wanting to use the phone modem to dial for registration . I finally had to register over the phone . It would not recognize my high speed cable connection . Also when it has errors and it wants to report them to Microsoft , it tries to dial , which does n't work . I finally got it to connect and download updates . It also is slow to save customized settings and switch from you to a different user . My computer does n't have the RAM I 'd like , and this is likely the problem , not an XP problem . Otherwise , it seems like a great product !
 All my life I 've had to put up with a father who LOVED gadgets . And every few years he would buy a new computer . I soon learned to love the computer and eventually we started to keep our old `` new '' computer when we bought a new one.On our newest computer -LRB- an amazing Dell -RRB- we have Windows XP . I know that my opinion about XP may not seem useful to you . After all I am a high school student who could n't tell you a damn thing about all the techincal junk . But I do know that I love it and maybe knowing that I love it can show you that your kids would love XP too.Lately my dad 's been yelling at me to use my computer instead of his new one , but that has n't stopped me . XP loads up amazingly fast and can do anything our old comp did , but better . It 's great for working on school stuff , listening to music , and surfing the web . I love how I can custom design my desktop ... I do n't have to worry about other people yelling about my `` stupid '' pictures on it . And I 'm happy to say that it 's only frozen once and it had never caused any other major problems.XP is great , and if you ask me , very worth the money .
 I just recently installed the XP update . I went from Me to XP . My computer is performing better than when I first purchased it . Only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I 'm still having trouble with my printer . My printer was not ready for XP when I baught it . I downloaded the new driver from Canon , but I 'm still have a slight problem , but I 'll fix it.Other than that , I love XP . My wife who claims to be a `` Liberal '' dose not like the fact that I changed our Windows . She acts more conservative .
 So far I 've had it a couple days and I 'm loving it . Its a lot smoother running than windows 98 . . you need to get a couple of critical updates from Microsoft.com to help performance but there free and dont take TOO long to download ... Have n't found any problems with updating ... my computer is 3years old and it runs GREAT !
 I 've been using XP since it came out . It is simply the best . My system `` Never '' crashes anymore . It always messed up with Windows 98 2nd edition . I reccommend `` Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition Upgrade '' to everyone . And it 's very easy to use .
 First of all , if you are going to buy this upgrade edition of the product make sure you have a previous version from either 98 to ME . Windows 95 will not work at all ! This is a great upgrade to Windows , it 's easier to use with lots of new features . One of the most needed was the multiple user accounts that allows users to have their own personal settings . Windows XP Home is built upon the strenghts of the Windows NT kernel which speaks reliability , so it 's kind of the end of a lot of blue , that should be at least one reason to make the upgrade . It 's alittle bit faster but not like what I have read in most reviews , getting work done is more easier in terms of the new `` start menu '' which makes programs more accessible , showing the most recently used program and quick access to system setting tools . The graphical user interface is also beautiful with softedged icons and other GUI sweeties . Other nice goodies include I.E. 6.0 , Media Player 8.0 and a much more updated messenger system that allows users to see each other when instanting messaging but , make sure you have a web-cam . I would not regard Windows XP as a incremental upgrade , but a rather necessary one . Their are slew of other features that have not been discussed here . Make sure your hardware and system requirments are up to date so you wo n't run into any problems .
 I may be going out on a limb here , but Windows XP is the most important upgrade to the Windows operating system since Windows 95 . In addition to a new look , it offers stability , ease of use and more Internet integration than ever before.Installation was easy . You can either upgrade your existing Windows or do a clean install . I recommend a clean install so be sure to back up your important data -LRB- e-mail , accounting programs , etc. -RRB- You can boot from the CD and it will pretty much to the rest . Installation takes about 30-60 minutes but it was VERY easy . XP really knows what plug and play means . ALL , and I mean ALL of my peripherals were found and configured automatically.Once installed , you will be prompted to activate . This was an easy and fast process . The next thing it will do is set up your Internet access . Once this is done , you are now ready to go . You will notice right away that the interface is different and very colorful . It may take a little while to get used to but once you do , you will like it . You also have an option of a `` classic '' Windows 9x view.Windows XP makes a lot of functions very easy . First of all , depending on your BIOS and motherboard , you can tell Windows just what to do when you press your power button . It also has built in CD burning capability , however , to delete a file from a CD-RW , you must erase the CD and then put back the files you want . A little inconvenient but a lot more stable than DirectCD . It is VERY easy to set up individual users . You can set up a personalized account for each member of the family . Also , when installing many programs , it will detect XP and ask if you want certain people to access the program . This is very nice and secure . And with Internet Explorer 6.0 , you can now choose the level of cookie protection . You will be amazed on how many third party `` usage tracking '' cookies that are placed on your PC.Backward compatibly is very good to excellent with XP . XP ran all of my older windows based programs and MOST of my DOS games . A newer Windows game did n't work correctly but all it took was to make it run in Windows98/ME compatibility mode and it fixed it . A few DOS games worked about 80 % and some not at all . I am sure that `` DOS EMULATORS '' will be available for purchase in the near future.Windows XP seemed designed for Internet integration . Just about every major function in XP has a tie to the Internet . And because of this , Microsoft has included a built in Firewall . It is good , but I would recommend Norton Internet Security 2002 . For those of you who are worried about compatibility , Windows XP makes it pretty easy to set up a dual boot . All you need is a partition created before installing . After that , Windows does the rest.For those who want security , go with Windows XP Professional . Everyone else can get by with Windows XP Home . If you have a previous copy of Windows , get the UPGRADE version . It will search for a previous install or ask you for the original Windows 9 . x/2000 disk to verify.There is a lot more I can say about Windows XP but you just need to see it for yourself . If you want stability , awesome Internet integration and overall easy of use , you must get this upgrade .
 This is a great OS . It took me about 90 minutes to set up on my labtop but after that it was all smooth selling , it 's so much better than my previous Window 's ME version . Microsoft makes you buy a copy for every PC you have , so if your in a family that has 3 or 4 computer 's for each member , mom and dad and kids and think you can just buy 1 copy and put it on all CPU 's , think again my friend . It does n't affect me personally but I sure would n't buy the same product 4 times for 4 different computers , that 's just a ripoff . Aside from that I have no complaint 's . It looks good too .
 I love the new Windows XP Home Edition . It is great for people who do n't know a whole lot about computers all the way up to advanced users ! Microsoft has really done a great job with this one . My only problem so far has been my instant messaging . All of the people whom I wish to have a voice conversation with must also be using XP . That 's the downside , but other than that it is great ! I love it and I know anyone out there who tries it will love it too !!! : o -RRB-
 This version of Windows is rather impressive . After using it for a few days now , I am beginning to like it a lot . It is very user friendly , and , most importantly , it wo n't crash . A few of my programs will still crash , but they do n't take Windows down with them . That is enough insentive to buy this in itself . The fact that it looks nicer and is easier to use are simply added bonuses . My qualms with it are that it is somewhat overpriced , and the product activation is a real drag if you want to upgrade more than one computer . It is supposed to prevent software piracy , but all it means for the home user is that you have to buy a new copy of the software for each computer you own . Aside from that , this is definetly a must-have upgrade -LRB- if your comp . meets the minimum requirements -RRB- .
 Upgraded from ME . Major problems encountered include clock setting at 15320 -LRB- instead of 2002 -RRB- - outlook not letting you open certain hyperlinks -LRB- the kind for example in a newspaper which lets you link to an article-does let you connect with url 's . -RRB- And the biggest problem is getting an HP 6300 Scanner to work . Nothing HP has lets the scanner connection survive past the first reboot . Tried all the tricks they sent , the XP software , and the patch put 5/30/2002 that is supposed to fix this problem . HP needs to get it together and fix this . Scanner still works on my other ME system . Finally , it does not seem to like to start other users and run DSL-only likes the first one put in . Other that that , I like-very smooth .
 I am so tired of my computer crashing that I feel like the kid in the DSL commercial who throws his computer out the window ! If this Windows XP will prevent that from happening then it 's worth twice as much people pay for it . Windows ME has been the biggest hunk of junk ever created ! Hopefully I wont be saying the same about XP . Only time will tell .
 This is by far the best O/S that Microsoft has brought out to date . I 've done my best to crash it , and using many running porgram 's , such as degrag , anti-virus scans , telephony apps , and its rock solid.There of course is still some bugs in a pre-release copy such as this but I have already ordered the final and am anxious to get it.Its easy to use , for instance installing new hardware , normally is a big headache , most of the time XP will install the drivers in the background and lets you know when its ready to use , could n't be any easier than that.BUY YOURS TODAY .
 Installation : The Windows XP Activation feature is good , but I wish the numbers and letters could be entered automatically when you install Windows.Ease of Use : Windows XP is very easy to use and user-friendly . I love the new start menu and that Microsoft got rid of the `` Recent Documents '' under the `` My Documents '' start menu button on my old Windows Millenium Edition . Like the new `` connect to '' menu , too , very simple to connect . Everything I need is one click away using the new start menu , no need very desktop icons anymore . My programs I use most often are also under the start menu , very nice improvement over old start menu . I do n't need `` Hibernation '' so I turned it off because it was taking up 254 MB of space that I did n't even need to be using . I wish hibernation was marked as off on default , it would save alot of people some hard drive space they did n't even know they were taking up.Customization or Preferences : Wish I could have more color schemes with the Windows XP style , only three . The classic Windows has many scheme choices . There is n't much choice when it comes to screensavers too . All the screesavers except fot the `` My Pictuers '' and `` Windows XP '' screensavers are from previous versions . I do like the `` My Pictures '' screensaver , can put any of my pictures as my screensaver , wish you could change the size of the pictures though . Many of my pictures almost take up the whole screen , would like them to be a little smaller.Security : The security of my Windows XP is excellent . The Windows Internet Connection Firewall is a great security feature for users that ca n't afford to buy a third-party firewall . Wish it was turned on by default though . I do n't know why Microsoft has to come out with all these security patches so often . My system works fine and I have n't used a security patch yet.Performance : The performance with Windows XP has been much better than my old Windows ME in my case . I do n't know how Microsft does it , but great job.Overall : Windows XP is should be the only operating system for home users . I do n't know why so many people say Mac is better . Macs have thier own problems too . Windows XP Home Edition is by far , the best choice for operating systems for home users .
 I was using Windows 98SE and overall was happy with it . While I experienced some lockups and freezing , it did n't happen that often . What prompted me to switch to XP was a desire for better memory management -LRB- Windows 98 does n't do a very good job -RRB- , more stability even though Win98 was n't bad for me , and an overall change of scenery . So finally I made the plunge , doing a clean install instead of trying to upgrade over 98 . The Upgrade Advisor that you can download from Microsoft.com was very useful . Luckily everything except my NEC printer was compatible with XP . Next , the Transfer Settings and Files Wizard that comes on the XP disk also came in handy . It gathers all your settings and/or files from the `` old computer , '' saves them in a file -LRB- or transfers them directly - you have various options -RRB- which you can then put on the new computer . I wound up transferring only settings using the wizard . Originally I told it to transfer files too , but it copied too many things that were unnecessary and the result was way too big to fit on a cd . I would advise copying your documents and other important files manually but letting XP transfer your settings . That way you can be more selective about what gets transferred -LRB- assuming you are doing a clean install -RRB- . Installation of XP went very smoothly . It identified all my hardware , and I was able to reinstall my software with no problems . Using the Transfer Wizard to move the settings to the new installation worked fine and was a real time saver - it moved all of my internet and e-mail settings and messages over with ease . All user input was very clearly explained and the process overall was quite simple.Using XP
 I learned right away about the importance of taking the hardware incompatability check you can run seriously . I was warned about three things , an older sound card , my modem , and my stylus . At the time I wanted to install though I did not have the internet working so I did n't get the drivers before hand . That was a big mistake . I strongly recommend downloading any drivers that the preinstallation check shows you will need and keeping them handy in your My Documents folder . I did n't , and it caused me a lot of grief . After I uninstalled back to ME , I downloaded the drivers I needed . Had I just waited to do that before installing Xp , and not tried to force uncompatible drivers on , I would have avoided a lot of problems . Fortunately , most hardware companies seem to have produced drivers for XP already . I did n't have problems finding the drivers I needed.As far as the OS is concerned , I am extremely pleased with it . I personally like the change in the visual look . I was ready for a new look after being on the win95 change for the last few years . It is far more stable than the 9x platforms , and does run my programs noticably faster.There is one feature I would like to see in the future . The ability to switch users is very handy , but it is too much for my needs . My room mates do n't want to bother switching users and I am the only one who wants to restrict access to a few directories . I would love it if you could just put a password on a directory . That would take care of the only reason I would need multiple accounts , and that is to keep my personal files personal . My room mates however do n't have any personalized settings or email accounts set up . If you do have multiple users who have their own settings and email accounts etc , the user switch thing is an excelent feature . This is not so much a complaint as it is a wish.Summing it up , I say 4 stars only because my carelessness in ignoring the hardware suggestions from Microsoft caused me a lot of grief . It is my fault but it did detract from the instalation experience for me . I would love it if you could have one user account but put a password on a directory as an alternative to haveing multiple users , although the multiple users thing looks like it would be the perfect thing for people with more complicated user issues than I have to deal with .
 Microsoft has hit a home-run with this operating system . I have installed it on 7 different systems -- HP , Dell , and custom-built units -- ranging from a 5-year old Pentium II 266MHz with 224 MB RAM to P4 1.6 GHz with 512MB RAM . I have four more lined up for installation . All the XP systems are stable and vastly improved over NT , '98 or ME . The users are unanimously happy . And , no , I do n't work for Microsoft!Several things should be done before you decide to upgrade to Windows XP .1 . Run the diagnostic that you can download from Microsoft -LRB- it is also on the XP CD -RRB- and determine which of your hardware and software might not be compatible . Make sure that you have at least a Pentium II 233MHz with 256MB RAM . You can get by with 192MB , but I would not go lower . RAM is cheap ... 2 . Go to the websites of the manufacturers of your peripherals and see whether they have new Windows XP drivers , or whether XP contains native driver support . Download the new ones if they have them and put them on a CD-RW for later use . Check the websites of your favorite software and see whether it is compatible or whether there are XP-related patches .3 . Back up your data . If you use Outlook Express for e-mail , save your entire Outlook Express directory . Export your address book to a CSV text file . Export your Favorites from Internet Explorer . Save all your directories with your own data files . Use a CD-RW to do this if you have one . The export functions are under File/Export in most applications .4 . Always do a clean install so you can completely get rid of all the corruption in your current setup . This means booting from the Windows XP CDROM . To do that you will probably have to enter the BIOS/Setup and change your boot sequence to put the CD-ROM drive first .5 . Once you have booted to the XP CD-ROM , follow the instructions to delete your existing partition -LRB- s -RRB- , create a new partition , and install XP on the new NTFS partition . I recommend a single NTFS partition for the entire hard drive .5 . When installation is complete , go to Start/Windows Update , and go online and get the latest Windows XP updates , including all current security patches for Internet Explorer .6 . If your motherboard has on-board sound chips , XP might not support the sound . You might have to disable the on-board sound -LRB- in the BIOS -RRB- and install a sound card . You can probably use an ISA or PCI SoundBlaster card from an old computer if your have one . Otherwise , you can buy a SoundBlaster Live Value PCI -LRB- OEM -RRB- card on-line at several places ... 7 . Once you have completed the XP installation , using that CD-RW you created in step 2 , just use the import functions in Outlook Express -LRB- Import Other Address Book , and Import Messages from an Outlook Express Store -RRB- and Internet Explorer to import them into the new setup . The Import wizards are in each application at File/Import . Use the Help button if you have questions ... Update
 ... Is it a good product ? YES ! it 's the best operating system I 've seen out of Microsoft to date.This is the first time that an upgrade has sped up my computer 's operation ... and that 's just for starters.For one thing , this OS is STABLE . One of my programs seemed to have hung -LRB- it was actually just taking too long -RRB- and I hit CTRL-ALT-DEL and eliminated the offending program without touching the rest of the system.The new TrueType font display makes reading text on a screen a 100 times easier.The new look is a lot slicker with its glossy taskbar and new-style Start menu.The new Media Player works a lot more smoothly.Internet Explorer seems to be loading up pages faster.The startup and shutdown is quicker . For once , logging into a home system is secure , as the OS supports multiple users , at two different security levels -LRB- Admin and limited -RRB- . DirectX in conjunction with other tweaks has improved the overall multimedia experience.The built-in firewall offers some additional -LRB- but minimal -RRB- securityThis is the BEST home OS to ever be released by Microsoft . Now , the CAVEATS : In order for this OS to be stable , they had to dump any and all legacy code . This means that you should do an INTENSIVE INVENTORY of your system and make sure that drivers compatible XP are available for all your stuff and newer versions of software or patches for old software , otherwise , DO NOT UPGRADE . This is not just the same stuff with a snazzier looking start button . There is a SIGNIFICANT difference in this code , so if you are running a DOS program that 's very dear to you , forget it , it 's not gon na work . Even for stuff which is only 1 yr to 6 months old , check with the manufacturer BEFORE YOU PERFORM THIS UPGRADE , NOT AFTER . There is NO DVD DECODER built in , you have to obtain this from either your computer manufacturer or your DVD Player manufacturer.The Control Panel and other parts to the Windows Explorer interface have changed , to give a more basic and user-friendly look . HOWEVER IT IS POSSIBLE TO REVERT EVERYTHING TO THE OLD-STYLE IF YOU CAN NO LONGER FIND WHAT YOU USED TO LOOK FOR.If you are somebody who tampers with your computer every two weeks , then the activation feature will ANNOY YOU GREATLY . However , if you leave your computer alone for the most part , then you will probably only ever need to activate your computer once , and activating your computer does NOT require you to send any private information about you or your computer to Microsoft . That is a fallacy . You can activate your computer by phone too , if you refuse to use the internet . An automated voice dictates a code to you which you enter to activate Windows . Yes activating windows is annoying and it does reek of despotism , but for most users , you should n't have to do this often , probably only once . To which I 'm sure someone will make the argument
 Windows XP really is the best windows operating system to date . It is not perfect by any means , but it works the way it 's supposed to almost all the time . If you 're thinking about using this upgrade version , let me warn you of two things
 I installed the Windows XP upgrade a week ago on my Win98SE machine . Other than having to get new drivers and software for my devices -LRB- not much of a problem though with a cable modem -RRB- , the installation went flawlessly . In fact , it nearly installs itself -LRB- only a bare minimum of user intervention -RRB- . I followed the instructions on the CD which included analyzing my system for compatibility issues and I deleted/uninstalled anything I did n't need or that was n't compatible with WinXP . My machine is working perfectly . Much better than it was with Win98SE . The upgrade solved the memory leak problem that used to have my machine seizing up every time I used it -LRB- also any time it sat idle ... well ... actually ALL the time -RRB- . It runs much faster and definitely more reliably . I recommend this upgrade wholeheartedly . For your info , my machine is an 800mhz Dell . 256 mb RAM that started with the memory leak problem about a year ago when I got cable access . WinXP fixed my problems .
 Well this is a great system , i am sick from Win 98 the system crash and crash and crash well now i am working prefectly normal , in the begining my ISDN conetion is not recognaised well i call the makers and they help me with the drivers now i perfetly normal my norton 2002 works great and my office 2000 too , i have some problem with some old plays and well i reinstall them and they work , and here is another good news for me i am using an old computer with the minimun requierements not 1 GHZ or something like that only 333 MHZ and now is fast than ever be in the past definitly do n't see more and buy the product and call to the harward makers and you see all beging great for you
 Windows XP is way better than all the other windows versions . I think it looks way better because i like the transparent look , and the new icons . It functions way better than the others , and keeps your computer up to date and running well . I 've read at least a thousand reviews on it from around the web , and i 'm extremely pleased with my results !!!
 First Windows2K and now this.Windows XP is hands-down the best OS from MS ever.GET IT !
 At last MS have come up with the goods . A real gem of an operating system . Stable , easy to use both for the expert and non-expert . Buy it you will not be disappointed . Way to go MS.
 I like the new design of the interface . All of the interface has now taken on web site type look and more graphics give it a slicker design . I have not seen this product under high stress loads of programming software and such . However , if it is built on the 2000 kernel , it should be pretty stable.God Bless
 I bought and installed Windows XP Home edition on the 2nd day of its sale . The best thing about it is its stability . I have yet to see the blue screen of death or to have my system crash . One or two times a program seemed to misfire under XP but the operating system just closed the program and reopened it without any impact on other programs and no need to reboot . Also , a consistent problem with `` leaking system resources '' I have experienced with every prior version of Windows appears to have been solved . That problem required me to reboot every day if I kept programs up and running as I would run out of system resources . Finally , Windows XP does a much better job of using the 256K of RAM I have installed on my machine . I never felt that I got the benefit of the extra 128K of RAM under W98 . Big difference in response between the two operating systems.That being said , it is a new operating system and a bit buggy . Hardware and software mfrs were all still not ready for the launch and have not yet issued updates to drivers and software so check that out carefully before you buy and install XP -- this may take a few months to settle in .
 I read before I purchased the upgrade that it would make my computer run up to 40 % faster ... well , I think it is running 45 % faster ! This is great software ! Overall I am very happy with my purchase ! Improved graphics , easier for my wife and I to switch user setting , all around greatness ! I would recommend this to everyone ! Good job Microsoft !
 I thought Windows XP would be just another windows , but its not . Windows XP is amazing , it understands what you are doing and simplifies the process . For example I was installing something and immediatly it told me this software was out of date . Then it automatically gave me a website to go and upgrade . So many things like this makes it a very easy to use operating system . Not only does it work better but it is much , much , much faster than previous versions . Take all the benifits from windows nt such as reliability . . and add that to the compatability of windows 98 and u get Windows XP . This is quite possibaly the best operating system ever made ! I would very highly recommend Windows XP to everyone . Microsoft has really outdone itself this time .
 I thought Windows XP would be just another windows , but its not . Windows XP is amazing , it understands what you are doing and simplifies the process . For example I was installing something and immediatly it told me this software was out of date . Then it automatically gave me a website to go and upgrade . So many things like this makes it a very easy to use operating system . Not only does it work better but it is much , much , much faster than previous versions . Take all the benifits from windows nt such as reliability . . and add that to the compatability of windows 98 and u get Windows XP . This is quite possibaly the best operating system ever made ! I would very highly recommend Windows XP to everyone . Microsoft has really outdone itself this time .
 As a longtime Mac user , I can safely say that Windows XP is just as good , if not better , than Mac OS.First of all , Windows XP is incredibly easy and friendly . Icons , windows , and buttons have all been redesigned to be friendlier and more intuitive . For example , the ` close ' button of windows is now red , so you do n't close your program by mistake . The start button has been enlarged and colored green , so new users no where to click.The Start Menu has been redesigned , so as to be less cluttered and easier to use . There are two big icons , `` Internet '' and `` e-mail '' which will do just that.Windows Media 8 , the built-in MP3 jukebox/DVD movie player , is fantastic . It is a powerful utility , able to rip , play , and burn MP3s , and even send them right to a digital MP3 player . It also plays DVD movies , and can look up album information automatically when you insert a CD . The only problem is that Windows Media Player will attempt to encode your ripped CD files in its semi-proprietary WMA format instead of MP3s . This could be a problem if you would want to use a music player that does n't support the WMA standard.The whole operating system is incredibly fast and stable . It actually has yet to crash on me!There is one major drawback to Windows XP , however , and that is that its system requirements are staggering . I run WIndows XP with 192 megabytes of RAM , and I STILL get low memory warnings . But , if your computer has enough RAM for the job , then by all means , upgrade to Windows XP .
 I had windows 95 for 4 years then I got windows 98 for about half a year . Then I bought a new computer and it had XP on it . I was a little suspicious because of all the people saying it was buggy . But I have never had a problem yet . Very good program with lots of little goodies that make me very happy .
 Windows XP really is much more stable than prior windows and has a more pleasing interface . Product Activation is n't horrible-if you have an internet connection . Some major cons include
 XP is a winner . I have used 3.1 , 95 , 98 , 98SE , and ME . This is the most stable system of them all . My install was perfect . Since running this on October 25th I have had no problems . My laptop is less than one year old and has lot 's of memory to handle XP . I know there have been several problems with intalls and configuration , but that is with all upgrades especially one of this magnitude . This is not a perfect system by any means , it has it 's quirks , but it is by far the best Microsoft has developed . If you have the memory , and your programs are fairly up to date as well as your hardware then this should work well . I highly recommend this . It is not something one has to have ...
 With Microsoft 's latest OS offering , XP is a significant improvement , but not for all of the fluffy reasons and marketing add-ins that is hyped.The key feature is stability , and that 's the value of the product.Since this new OS is built on NT technology , XP is clearly light-years ahead of prior releases -LRB- for consumer use -RRB- for stability , and is worth buying for that reason alone . Sure , it also has some nice jazzy net-enabled features , but they are definitely secondary . I do recommend XP , but be aware of the following caveats :1 -RRB- Some of your drivers * may * be disabled . I ca n't use my CD writer to burn CDs anymore ... and have to wait for new XP approved drivers . Advice
 A good product with one drawback it uninstalled my ethernet controller driver and does not have that driver on the installation disc . I would like to know fm where I can obtain this driver so I can get on the net using the XP edition installed on my other computer
 like i said old or new it still work ` s and any compuiter cause i redone couple of mine and it worked
 Good buy . Needed to use this for a Second Windows program on my Tower . This way I have A back up Windows , on one tower .
 Well , I managed to upgrade this new , beautiful eye-candy from Mister Big Bucks himself who always got a lot of great ideas at the last minute.I have upgraded the WinXP from my dismal , ugly interfaced , more crash crazy Windows ME -LRB- to be honest , I had the same problems with Win98 -RRB- for 3 months . I will only keep my fingers crossed on this one.Well , the product says it all . It 's beautifully interfaced as we come to expect . But whether it can be STABLE -LRB- AS IT SWEARS UP AND DOWN THAT IT WILL -RRB- and more PRODUCTIVE TO USE -LRB- like the Win2k Pro -RRB- . Those are the Real McCoys we have to keep in mind.I had been weary of trying it since I got the upgrade for My eMachines 1801 - Intel Celeron 800Mhz -LRB- the rest , you can fill in the blanks -RRB- . I felt the same way that I did when I upgraded Win95 from Win3 .1 , with greater regrets.I have looked at the several researches on the upgrades to XP to see what can/not work , and I come to the conclusion that it 's ... let 's just say mid-standard for now.What irks me to find out is that it can not work with the driver to my USB Drive for my Phillips CDRW 400 Series , saying that it is not WinXP logo certified . I guess I will have to wait until - ha , ha ... right after the Christmas and New Year seasons - they have a new driver update for this one . I may have to keep my heels cooled sometime in 2002 ... who knows . I am really skeptical to work out some of my programs -LRB- like my printer , scanner , webcam that has updates on -RRB- since it will rely on the importance of the WinXP logo policy.Again ... I will keep my fingers crossed on this , since it will be so much newer and more sleeker than any of the other Win3x , Win9x , and the more dull , unmanageable WinME.Come to think of it , I think it 's a follow up to Window ME . Kinda makes me wonder why the money maker -LRB- Bill Gates -RRB- do n't just subtitled the OS ... - MICROSOFT WINDOWS ME2 or WIN MeII - Kinda makes a good tune , dose n't it ? If he wanted to be creative and innovative , work out a good tune.First off , before I go , I just hope Mr. Gates can just stick with what he has now and not try to think up nothing else for a new OS . It 's just too much time consuming and too much money spent on brand new ideas every single year that comes up and yet the consumers ca n't upgrade their wallet nor pocket books . We just ca n't follow up with the new trend and spend money on something that do n't work and , later on regret it . Just think , after Win3x came ' 95 , than '98 -LRB- which was just the same as 95 -RRB- , 2k Pro -LRB- which they now say that it 's stable -RRB- , ME and now ... XP . C'mon ! When will somebody be satisfied with just one simple thing . Can somebody ask me that?Oh , Well . As with this uncertain opus , only time will tell - sigh -
 This should be a great product my Microsoft . I read some previews and it seems that it 's very reliable and user friendly . You should preorder it !!!
 Windows XP is the best windows operating system that you can buy . A dramatic upgrade since windows 95 . This is probably a must have to get .
 its a great improvment over the past microsoft outings
 For all those who complain about having programs not work under XP can stay with old -LRB- ... -RRB- versions of windows and stil have their old programs - their old programs that shut down randomly and cause the infamous BSOD . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Time to realize the Future .
 I 'm probably one of those less popular reviewers because I am not a `` Microsoft-hater '' . XP Pro sparkled at detecting all of the hardware associated with an HP Pavilion . Detection of a lot of hardware on `` bundle '' leaders like Compaq and Hewlett-Packard often tripped up prior Windows versions . About the only piece of hardware XP failed to detect was a Seiko Smart Label Printer Pro , which installed just fine with it 's own software . Smart Label Printer Pro users beware ! You must use advanced options and turn off those FIFO buffers on the COM port you are using the Smart Label Printer Pro on or it will cause a print fault . I believe this is an anomaly with the SLP , and not Windows.Another thing that impressed me about Windows XP Professional is that my klunky dialup modem connects at a consistently faster rate than it did under Windows ME . Some of this could be ambitious connection reporting , but my online sessions using a dialup seem more stable and faster and I am not disconnected as often.I seldom suffer the system crashes I experienced with previous versions from what I 'll call the `` 95 Family '' which means from Windows 95 through ME . XP seems to offer some of that `` NT '' stability for standalone computers.Some people do n't like the new `` teletubbie '' rounded look . I 'm not sure how I feel about it yet , but it 's a pretty simple task to revert to the Windows classic view . Adding programs to the start menu is n't quite as easy in XP , but if you switch to classic view , it works as easily as prior versions.Although I have n't presented some of the negative aspects extant since Windows 3.11 , my opinion is that Windows XP is a pretty neat , stable product and I 'm enjoying using it !
 I am a professional translator and i have been using `` word '' , the word processor part of office for many years . during the trial of office xp , i lost a part of a translation i was working on because i forgot to save it when i opened a second version of this text . i started doing intuitive things in the faraway hope of finding the `` lost manuscript '' . after a few minutes , `` word '' found the lost text and connected it automatically with the new version i was working with . if you are a translator yourself you know what it means to one .
 After encountering some problems when I first installed Windows XP , I have gotten everything back up and running and I can now say that I actually LIKE Windows XP Home Edition . There are still problems , but over all it is a worthwhile upgrade and improves on previous versions of Windows.With regards to problems encountered during my intial upgrade to XP ... I have been working with computers since 1986 . I have survived DOS , Windows 3.1 , 3.11 , 95 , 98 , ME , NT , and 2000 . There have been many bumps in the road but I have always been able to get my system back up and running regardless of how or why it crashed . After initially receiving a C0000218 error message indicating that the Registry had been corrupted , I had to purchase and install a new hard drive in order to get my system up and running . I was able to install my existing drive as a secondary and access the data that was still on that drive . I am not sure if Microsoft has since corrected this particular problem which I understand is very rare in occurence .
 Updated 08-25-2003
 I have a home built Athlon computer . It 's basically a Frankenputer with all sorts of parts put into it . Windows XP Home Edition sees to have solved a lot of problems I was having with Windows 98SE running on my home built system . There is one thing though that is solved by just buying third party software . That 's native in-OS CD-R/CD-RW burning . I solved that by buying Nero Buring ROM . But all in all , it 's pretty stable . I 've had a few apps crash on me but nothing to restart the computer over . And those apps were older pre Windows 2000 apps , so it 's understandable -LRB- but really , OSes should still run older software even if the software is only a few years old -RRB- . I do have a few problems with slowness , but that 's attributed to my slow hard drive -LRB- 5400 RPM -RRB- . I 'm sure once I get a faster hard drive to match my fast computer then I 'd be doing pretty well .
 I love XP , it looks cool and runs flawlessly for me !!
 I 've had XP for about two weeks now and have no major complaints . The user environment seems to be a little more pleasant than previous MS versions . The only problem I 've encountered is that the op system does n't play well with some other apps . Namely CD Creator ...
 ... I am generally reluctant to praise anything from Redmond , but I have to admit that this is a good product , and saved me from buying another new computer.I bought a new Gateway 1 ghz machine about 2 years ago , running ME -LRB- the worst WIndows ever -RRB- . It locked up about 3 times a day , and it locked up so hard the only way to reboot was to unplug the machine . It had lots of problems recognizing USB devices . Finally , I just gave up on it and bought a Mac Cube , and figured I would buy a new PC when the price of 2 ghz machines got down ... However , I had pre-ordered XP on Amazon and forgot I had done so . One day XP shows up and I figure , what the heck , I might as well dig out the old PC and try it.Installation was not without some problems -LRB- see below -RRB- but I felt like I had a whole new PC . It has not crashed once since I installed XP last August - not once . It is faster , easier to use , and rock solid . And with the DSL stuff built in , I no longer have to use MacPoet for PPPoE , and I swear even DSL is faster now . Best -LSB- money -RSB- I ever spent on a PC , and I have been a PC user since 1983 . A word of caution
 I recently aquired a laptop as a birthday present with XP pre-installed , and the first time I turned my laptop on , I was very impressed with how easy it was to get setup . The system lets you name your computer , add multiple users with separate accounts , and clean up your desktop . There 's even a feature called the desktop cleaning wizard that lets you place unused shortcuts into a folder to minimize your clutter.I immediately installed the driver to run my internet , which XP had no trouble installing , and I got online in no time . The start menu and toolbars have had a major facelift , which looked very good . The start menu is completely customizable , for example , you can select how many shortcuts you want on it . You can readily access all your personal files with shortcuts to My Pictures , My Music , and My Documents . The windows have been rounded out and given a cool 3-D effect with textures and even animations . And if you are n't up to that , you can still change your setup to the classic Windows setup . The toolbar is also less cluttered , and you can even customize it to `` hide inactive icons '' when you are not using them , which is pleasing to my eyes.Having been a Windows user since 3.1 , I can say that this OS is definitely more stable than the others . This feature alone is worth buying the software . I have another PC at home which runs on 98 , and comparing the two , my XP machine crashes MUCH less , if it does at all . With my 1.12 Ghz laptop already considered `` average '' speed nowadays , it still runs very smooth and very fast . This is with 256 RAM on a Celeron processor.I have had absolutely no problems installing hardware to my computer either . I even had an old game of Blizzard 's Starcraft that I could still run . XP also has a feature which detects new hardware being installed , which I thought was very useful and time-saving . When I connected my printer , XP automatically detected it and asked me if I wanted to set it up . I did n't even need the CD printer driver because I was able to find updated versions of printer drivers on XP , which saved me the trouble of going to the internet and finding it . You can also customize XP to notify you of crucial updates when connected to the internet , which you can download to keep your OS running as smooth as possible.There are some pits . During the first couple weeks of use , I was getting those semi-annoying pop-up messages that kept coming back even after you tell them not to show up anymore , but they eventually disappeared . There were also a few instances where I got error messages on random operations it somehow did n't like . Although these occurences were very few , I still thought they are worth mentioning.All in all , XP is a great OS for your computer . Just make sure that your computer has the hardware to support it , as it really puts your computer to work . Be advised that not all programs will work , since the programming is a little different from older Windows versions . When connecting other hardware , make sure that it is XP compatible , and if you 're not sure , download the latest driver and see if it works . It might even have a driver for your device already in it , you just have to look . Getting it to work successfully is all really trial and error ... And a lot of patience . For experienced Windows users like myself , XP is pretty much the same as the other versions with a lot of pluses . You will find what you are looking for if you know your way around . Beginners will also find this OS easy to work with as well , with its tutorial and online help center . I would recommend this to software to anyone .
 This is the best ! It 's so easy to install and use !
 I really love this OS.After having used Win98SE for over 1,5 year I 'm so happy with this since it came on the market in october 2001 !! I 'm running my network 24/7 and all computers use the XP-home version with the LINKSYS cable router.At first -LRB- with W98SE -RRB- the systems crashed more and more frequently after being online.Where it began with one time a day , it ended with one time every hour ... No problems with XP though !! It just keeps running on all our computers 24/7 ever since Oct. 2001Absolutely RECCOMMANDED !!
 When I bought this upgrade I was still using WINDOWS 98 and XP Home was much better you could n't even compare it with 98 . This is the greatest software Windows has released , ever ! This piece is so good and works much faster than 98 . If you are in a buisness , I highly reccomend WINDOWS XP PROFESSIONAL , it is the bst thing for a buisness that works fast . It has everything that XP Home has except like two new features that I ca n't remember.Was this review helpful ?
 I 've used the Professional edition since late last year and I have no complaints . If you have old hardware that you 've been using since 97 , you might want to consider upgrading otherwise stick with your old OS and CPU . Users that are finding difficulty setting up their computer with this product should consult a professional or at least a modest computer geek . I 've built computers from the case to the motherboard to the software . I 'm not a trained computer tech nor have I been employed as one . If I can do it ; anyone should be able to do it . Common sense is all that 's needed . With progress comes change ; get used to it .
 I bought Windows XP because my computer was constantly freezing up with Windows ME when I went on the internet . I was told this would solve my problem and so far -LRB- for a week -RRB- it has been a welcome delight ! I did have problems installing but worked through it and it finally installed -- but that is another story.I would highly recommend it !
 I dont know what these people are talking about when they give this a bad rating . The main thing I LOVE about this is that is DOES NOT CRASH !! I have had the Home edition for over 3 months now and I have not had one blue screen.Everything I had was commpatible with XP . I would only get this if you have a really new computer that can handle this software .
 The operating system is a very good operating system for a home computer . But , obviously , if you want a computer with more security features or networking features , you should go with Windows XP Professional . At the time that I am writing this , which is a long time from when I purchased Windows XP , it is a time where Windows Vista is emerging . If you plan on upgrading a slightly older computer , I recommend Windows XP Home/Professional -LRB- based on your requirements -RRB- . But if you are looking for a safe operating system for your beast , try Windows Vista . But one word of warning about Vista , the User Account Control -LRB- UAC -RRB- is a pain in the butt .
 Window XP Home is made of good stuff . It 's stuffed full of all sorts of different features that are easy to use . Even my mom , who does n't get along with computers well , can use XP Home .
 This is the best windows yet , but that is not saying much . I constantly find that there are many tasks with windows that are done much easier in other operating systems . I find that many of the configurations are hidden and I think that for a `` power user '' that knows what he is doing windows will sometimes feel like a crutch .
 Windows XP eliminates the need for `` reloading windows '' . A common problem for serious Windows 98 users . The system is considerably more stable thanks to our friends from Microsoft . The stability comes , however , with a price . You will find that you have lost a lot of administrative rights with XP . Not a problem for the average home user . It is a cost well worth the change for them . However , if you like to play with programming . If you would like the ability to customize your OS . I would recommend XP Pro or stay with 98 if cash is tight . My opinion .
 I 've had the XP Home Edition for 11 months and it has been extremely stable . I say that with confidence as I have abused it every way I can think of -LRB- and that 's a lot -RRB- and it 's almost impossible to hang . When a program does hang , usually all that 's affected is the one application and you can close it and start over.I 've been able to get XP to hang occasionally by waiting until the hard disk is out of virtual memory and starts doing a lot of disk swapping , and then launching several large programs when it 's obviously already out of both physical RAM and virtual memory , and very occasionally I 've hung the system that way . But I was intentionally trying to mess with it when it was already out of memory , and usually even then I do n't succeed in causing a problem . Usually all it does at that point is slow down to a crawl for maybe 30 seconds , but then it recovers and things revert to normal.At 128 megs of RAM , I do n't have a lot of memory anyway , but even so I rarely have memory issues . I 'm about to upgrade to 512 megs , which should help.This stability is perhaps not surprising since XP has the Windows 2000 kernel under the hood , which was combined with the slicker XP GUI interface.One big advantage of XP is the file and directory management enhancements in the GUI are very useful . I no longer need two instances of File Explorer open to manage files and directories anymore.My only complaint is that sometimes the CD audio stutters a bit . This is a known problem and I need to get the updates for the audio CD player . Other than that , it 's been remarkably stable and reliable.Overall , a great OS that has finally reached a degree of maturity in terms of performance and reliability .
 XP is Microsoft 's long awaited merger of their consumer product line -LRB- Windows 95/98/ME -RRB- and their business line -LRB- Windows NT/2000 -RRB- . It is actually more of a replacement of the old consumer product with technology based on NT . It is definitely more stable , but I did run into problems :1 -RRB- Upgrading my system from Windows 98 did not work . Generally , upgrading OS 's never really works correctly -LRB- I 've had lousy experiences upgrading my workstation at the office to various versions of Sun 's Solaris OS , so this is not specific to Microsoft alone -RRB- . My recommendation would be to back up everything that you need and do a complete fresh install , then restore your backed up data and reinstall your apps . You 'll probably need to do this anyway . -LRB- Upgrading from Windows 2000 may be more successful , I have n't tried it -RRB- .2 -RRB- It 's more stable , but I still occasionally get freezes.Another improvement is that Windows XP comes with a built-in firewall . I was using ZoneAlarm with Windows 98 which has more functionality , but if it means I have one less piece of software to install and it does the job , then I 'll take advantage of it .
 With the introduction of XP , it is going to be harder and harder to switch or complain . Yes , we all know of the blue screen of death , but that happens so infrequently with XP that for all practical purposes , this is an operating system to be proud of . Most likely though it will be the app that crashes , and if that happens , you still have to exit the program and restart it . The programs most likely to crash are the big ones , and big problems take a long time to load . So it 's almost like waiting for the computer to restart , and that means the time wasted is still the same , but at least it 's not the operating system that crashed.XP home is nice and stable and I recommend it to anyone on Windows 98 or ME or earlier . XP is not that much different from Windows 2000 but cosmetically it offers a few nice enhancements .
 This is a great OS !!! It does everything for you except cook dinner & walk the dog !!! On the down-side , there have been many serious security flaws -LRB- & other issues , such as cd-burning , comimg out of `` hibernation '' , emergency power source problems , etc -RRB- , which Microsoft has attempted to remedy by many `` updates '' & `` patches '' . Also , for the digital photo fans , the fact that it can not read compactflash cards above 16mg WITHOUT a card-reader -LRB- it will actually go to 29 , but of course , they come in 8,16 , 32 , etc. -RRB- , is in my opinion , a serious flaw . Microsoft should realize just how popular digital photography has become !!! I feel you should n't HAVE to purchase a card-reader , you should be able to directly dump photos from your camera ... other than these problems , XPHome Edition is a great OS , & really simplifies & speeds up your home-computing experience !!! Way better than anything I 've previously used !!! It 's nice to be able to fine-tune your system to your particular preferences , & the built-in drivers are a plus !!! All things considered , I 'd give it a rating of `` 4 '' !!!
 I 've had very good results from XP so far . It 's extremely stable , and the only times it 's locked up were when I was really pushing the memory management hard -LRB- I only have 128 megs of RAM -RRB- and I was deliberately trying to crash it by overloading it . Even then , 9 times out of 10 it just slows down . At that point , I usually just start closing programs , and everything is fine again . The number of times it has crashed for seemingly no reason I can cound on the fingers of one hand , and I 've been using it intensively for about 5 months now.My only complaint is that the Adaptec CD burner program -LRB- I think it 's version 5 Platinum -RRB- that runs under XP has n't been favorably reviewed here on Amazon . Most people reported lockups and other problems . That being the case , I set my system up as a dual-boot , maintaining my old Windows 98 install on another partition , with a brand-new install of XP , and I just imported all my other files and data to the new XP partition . That means I have to boot back into Windows 98 if I want to burn a CD . Since I do n't do a lot of that , this is tolerable , but somebody who needed to burn lots of CD 's might find it inconvenient.Importing my old files and settings was a little work but not too bad . There is an option which asks you if you want to do this and then it does it automatically -LRB- mostly -RRB- for you . Even then I had to do a little tweaking to get certain things working again , but it was n't too bad . As I am a professional NT system administrator , I did n't find this too difficult , but the average person might more difficulty doing this . The average user is probably advised to do the upgrade rather than the new , full install.Another important gotcha is that , depending on how much special hardware -LRB- or older hardare -RRB- you have , you may find that your old drivers no longer work , and that you have to update some of your drivers , and some of those may or may not be available yet.I do n't have any special hardware and my system is recent enough so XP recognized all of it , but one of my friends who is a system adminstrator ran into this problem . Oddly enough , he said it turns out some of the drivers did work anyway despite the warnings , but the installer program still gives you these dire warnings anyway , and so you probably wo n't know which stuff will work or not until you complete the upgrade . This makes it hard to decide whether to actually proceed or not , but you 'll need to decide at that point whether it 's worth actually doing the upgrade.On the positive side , one really important new feature I have to mention is that the file and directory management improvements are really great . I use these new features constantly . Now you do n't have to pop up two different copies of File Explorer or spend a lot of time navigating around trying to copy and administer files and directories . I ca n't say enough good about this particular aspect of the program . I 'm not much into multi-media , so I ca n't comment on that part , but I also find I like the menus , screen design , and overall GUI interface better than Windows 98 or Windows 2000 . Overall , I 've found XP to be a fast , reliable , stable OS with some very attractive new improvements , especially in the file and directory management area , and in the design of the overall GUI interface .
 I have successfully installed Windows XP on over a dozen computers without a single glitch . The new OS is simply a beauty to behold and a joy to use . It 's fast -LRB- on par with Win2k -RRB- , stable , and , best of all , compatible with both Win98/ME and Win2k programs . A lot of hardware drivers are built-in . The only caveat is you must have the right hardware before you upgrade . According to PC World 90 % of upgrade troubles occur because people do n't heed the system requirements.Once you upgrade , you wo n't regret it . Windows is getting better and better !
 Great operating system . Hardly any problems with it . Very stable compared to Windows 98 .
 After I purchased the Windows XP Home Edition Upgrade , I first upgraded from my ME Edition -LRB- which by the way , was very unstable -RRB- . I soon later found out that XP could not handle much of the software I previously had before I upgraded , so what I had to do was format and restore to my computer 's original state.Now , my computer is a pretty reliable HP 1.3 Ghz Intel Pentium 4 Processor , 40G Hard Drive , Nvidia TNT2 M64 32MB Graphics Card , Sound Blaster Live ! , etc. . It works really well with pretty much anything.After I installed Windows XP HE after my situation after formating , I found out that Windows XP is an extremely stable and well put-out OS . It has many new features with built-in audio recording and movie making software . The new design makes you feel more comfortable browsing through your computer , and the Control Panel can now be accessed through a categorized selection.The only problem I had was compatibility . About 1/8 of my software was not compatible in which I would have like to installed , including my Adaptec Easy CD Creator 4.0 , in which you must upgrade to 5.0 for an additional -LRB- cost -RRB- . Without the compatibility problems -LRB- Which should be cleared up soon with many of the companies having to make XP compatible drivers for their hardware and software -RRB- , Windows XP is a great , stable OS environment perfect for personal files and audio .
 A lot of the press pundits say it really does n't matter if you upgrade from Windows 9x or ME to the new XP operating system . While this may be true for those who run Windows 2000 , it most definitely is not true for the Windows 9x crowd.At first I was a little leery of installing this system on my computer , but after reading a lot of the literature , and running the Upgrade Assistant available at various sites , I decided to give XP Home a try . I rigorously followed the instructions right down to removing programs which might interfere with installation and began the process . Ninety minutes or so later , I had XP installed , and another hour or so let me reload my Norton Systemworks 2002 and Norton Internet Security 2002 . I also installed Roxio 's Easy CD Creator 5 Platinum - this program required a patch from the Roxio web site.As far as hardware goes , the only item that seemed to present a problem was my Visioneer 6100 USB scanner which XP said was incompatible . However , another download of software from Visioneer solved this problem.Now I have a system which does n't bog down , no matter how many programs I have open . It is totally stable - the only reason to reboot is if you have turned off your computer . I have had no more `` blue screen '' crashes , and have left my computer running for several days at a time.If you have the system to handle it - -LRB- I would highly recommend at least 256 MB RAM -RRB- Windows XP Home will definitely improve your computing experience!One final note - the Activation process truly does not ask for any personal information , and if you already have a Hotmail or MSN account - you can use this for registering the program as well .
 When I had Windows 98 , my computer had a lot of problems . It was always stalling , it was unstable , and practically froze on me 2 times a day over an 8 hour usage . When I installed Windows XP the difference was completely noticeable . I stopped getting the stupid errors on the screen , and my computers functionality and power increased at least by 210 % . Windows Xp has its downside though . It still has a compatibility problem with really old programs , -LRB- Try Nisus Missle Master 2.5 made back in 1992 , for example -RRB- . But who cares ? All I 've ever wanted is a computer that can go beyond its limits . Now , with Windows XP , your computer can pass every limit ever made .
 I tried this as an upgrade to ME . Was a big mess that I had to undo . But you can use the upgrade disk to do a clean install , and reformat your drive to NTSF and install it as a clean OS for XP home , if you have a previous Windows OS version . WindowsXP is the most stable Microsoft OS since the 95 nightmares began . I built PCs for friends occasionally and some of them as `` idiots '' crash other windows versions quickly playing around or over accessorising with no real OS knowledge , but they do n't bother me constantly with problems on XP built computers.As for myself , I used to mirror a clean windows install and generally refreshed it almost monthly , when prior Win OS programs developed inevitable problems , and bogged down or crashed frequently . I 've only done one reinstall of XP -LRB- pro -RRB- , and it is tough to really mess it up bad . XP home was used on friends PCs I built . XP is far beyond previous versions for stability . System restore works more the 50 % of the time if you do have a bad install issue . For some reason winXPPro seems to be a bit more stable , even without server or private networking needs .
 When Windows XP was released , the most people saw at first was its sleek design and interface , which many criticized for being simply `` bells and whistles '' . But they , like myself , found that XP was more than just a pretty picture , having features that actually enhanced efficiency and functionality.One of my favorites is the fact that when a digital camera is plugged in , it automatically asks you if you would like to upload the pictures , view them in a slidshow , etc. . XP comes with its own picture uploading tool that loads the pictures quickly and easily . Another of my favorites is the user switching , where two -LRB- or three , or four ... -RRB- profiles can be switched between very quickly , making it a great application for more than one regular user.Of course , you can turn these things off if you so desire , but why bother ? Windows XP is stylish and efficient , bright but effective.There is one issue that has created much controversy among computer users who upgrade their computers frequently . Product activation is Microsoft 's newest attempt to stop piracy in its tracks . Within a month of installation , it requires you to enter your product key , and , if you have internet access , it will contact Microsoft and activate the software for you . If you do n't have an internet connection , you 'll have to call Microsoft.This is not generally a problem , it only takes a minute or two to activate Windows . However , some users complain that when you upgrade anything on your computer , it requires you to activate again . This is only partially true . Windows XP will only deactivate itself if ... and only if ... your computer 's hardware has changed drastically . It also occurs if you change hard drives . On the third reactivation , you will have to call a Microsoft employee to ask for a new product key.This is n't a big deal ; it only takes a minute . The truth is that activation is a very small inconvenience that should n't bother most people ... unless , of course , you pirated your copy.It is definitely worth upgrading to Windows XP for its greater stability and easier maneuverability .
 If you have the hardware for it , Windows XP is definitely recommended for users who want a stable operating system . I would n't go so far so as to say that it 's crashproof , but only three crashes in seven months is a passing grade in my book at any rate . The new look is neat and a very nice variation on the classic Windows theme . XP screams `` multimedia '' . The Media Player may not be my first choice , and neither are the CD-burning tools , but they should be able to satisfy the average home user.XP would have been a five-star program were it not for the fact that it is a little unaccommodating on the software side . I had to buy new versions of my Norton applications since XP refused to run the 2001 versions . Someone contemplating an upgrade should keep this in mind as a potential additional upgrade cost.Windows XP may not be enough of an improvement over Windows 2000 except on the multimedia side , but it solved all of the reliability problems that I had with the Millenium version . I 'm very pleased with its stability , and I would recommend it to any 98 or Me user with a reasonably potent computer .
 Microsoft has my compliments , this is the best OS I 've dealt with to date . It has a comfortable look/feel , extremely user friendly , and is remarkably stable . Not to mention it seems almost completely self-sufficient upon completeing installation . There were some set backs installing this System , but all were minor , consisting mostly of downloading the proper drivers off the internet . In my opinion it has easily surpassed it 's predacessors . However , if I were too install this OS again I would take the time to get the proper drivers off the net first , just some advice for you future XP users .
 Its a really good interface that many people will love . I have been using it ever since the first BETAS , and other than the bugs , it is actually really good . I especially love the home networking utility that is included . A must buy for first time windows users but if you have windows ME right now , I suggest just staying for a little while until the price drops a little .
 I am giving four stars due to not having a warm fuzzy feeling about internet security with XP . Still looking this part of XP over.First the surrounding variables , I am running a self built system , Gigabyte motherboard with an AMD Athlon XP processor , onboard sound blaster audio -LRB- that means no pci sound card -RRB- , 3DFX VooDoo3 16M graphics card out of a two year old Compaq , 3COM network card out of a 4 year old IBM , Logitech Wingman Digital Extreme Joystick , HP multimedia keyboard that came with a HP Pavilion last year , and a Microsoft Optical Mouse . 256m Ram . With all of the hardware problems people are having with XP , I guess I was asking for punishment.Now , first of all , I did lots of homework before getting XP and loading it . I read some other users problems , and I searched for XP drivers for all of my hardware , I had all drivers on a disk ready to load before I ever bought XP . I downloaded and performed the MS Hardware check , and read all FAQs . After about two weeks I decided to go out and buy it . So I got home and started the setup process . I let windows format my hard drive -LRB- that means completely erase everything on it -RRB- and setup the NTFS partition . Then begin the install process , which believe it or not went faster then I would have liked . I am used to confirmation screens , constant reboots , and long file copy process . In the time it took me to cook a couple of hamburgers , Windows XP loaded , when I got back to the computer -LRB- hamburgers in hand -RRB- it was loaded and up . So now I 'm ready to load drivers , and see if windows will work with my hardware ... wait , what 's this ... I do n't need to load anything into windows because ... it already did by itself . With out a single external driver -LRB- except for HP software to configure the internet buttons on my keyboard -RRB- , windows loaded the most updated and proper driver for every piece of my thrown together equipment , as a matter of fact the only problem I had was a bios setting which enabled USB support for keyboard/mouse/fdd and was causing my PS/2 connected keyboard to not load , but the Microsoft Knowledge base pointed that one out pretty quick , and I disabled the setting in my BIOS -LRB- * note * I am still using a USB mouse in windows , so this did n't limit the abilities of my computer -RRB- So how is it , well coming from a Windows 98se user , it is awesome , remarkable stability , crisp graphics , awesome built in sound capabilities , XP turned my Logitech speakers w / subwoofer into something that sounded way more expensive then they where . I have n't tried 3D games like Nascar 4 or Rainbow Six on it yet , but I do n't have any fear , Microsoft says XP supports them and it has run everything else that I have thrown at it way better then Win 98 . I spent a day setting up my Home network between my two computers on Win 98se , XP did it practically by itself in less then 5 minutes . The fact that it not only supported , but also updated my VooDoo card is impressive.Do your homework ; determine if your system hardware is compatible . Get the XP drivers for your hardware , -LRB- just in case your using something that windows needs help loading -RRB- Do a clean install . That means back up your files to disk and format the hard drive . Do n't upgrade , Windows Upgrades are for unaltered versions of windows , trust me , at some point during your computing , a program has changed the original Windows Files , and this causes the problems most people have when upgrading to XP . Of course they blame it on XP and down the OS , when it 's their fault to begin with . Crap in , crap out . . I always say . If you have bought a ready made PC from IBM , HP , Compaq , etc. . . Either get your upgrade from the manufacture -LRB- not a preferred option -RRB- or by the full version of XP . I have a Compaq Presario that I gutted and upgraded the hardware on , and I also installed a retail version of Win 98se getting rid of all that Compaq mess -LRB- useless when you get more familiar with your PC -RRB- Your restore disk that came with your computer contains zipped cabs that are a image of your hard drive as it shipped from the factory , it does not contain a verifiable version of Windows , so the XP upgrade wo n't see it as a qualified version for upgrade . Bet they did n't tell you that when you bought the computer . Bottom line , XP is indeed all it is supposed to be , it is better , but pity the fool who does n't do their homework .
 Microsoft has truly outdone themselves this time . Upgrading to a new Windows Operating system is always a painful process . This time it could not have been simpler . I only bought XP because it includes a personal firewall - which I had to buy anyway . When I launched the upgrade , it estimating 60 + minutes and I left it . It did not require me to sit there and answer questions every 10 minutes . I fully expected to do the usual tweaking to get the upgrade to work , but I did n't have to do anything . Hardware detection for my accessories was flawless.When I went to share my internet connection , it was almost dummy proof . I created a home network and shared the internet connection . Unlike Windows 98 , the set up disks it created worked without a hitch . By using the help files in Windows , I had the home network and the shared internet connection up in 10 minutes . Instead of using the public to beta test , XP seems solid and reliable and is loaded with good features and bells and whistles . It boots super fast and executes tasks faster than NT , 2000 or 98 . Even my digital camera downloads much faster than it did in Windows 2000 . It is a memory hog so you need a lot of RAM , but I highly recommend this upgrade .
 I think Windows XP is the best there is at this moment . For this moment i use RC1 , it 's the trial version of Windows XP Professional . It is great in use and it is very nice , all those colors.I am gon na buy the Dutch Version on 25.10.2001 . Let 's make these world better . Yes I Can ...
 After years of crashing systems , a boring interface , and all around frustration , Microsoft somehow finally wrote a good OS . XP has done very well for me , and I am glad I purchased it . The software is more user friendly , there are many options and adjustments the user can make , and overall , XP is a great software experience . A bit pricy , but well worth it !
 Installed WIN XP upgrade version from WIN ME in about 80 minutes , almost effortless . Only a few prompts to hit enter to continue . All of my earlier programs , files , settings and drivers remained intact . No problems so far and a great improvement over WIN 95/98/ME . Highly recommend if you have a later PC with the recommended RAM , HD capacity and CPU speed .
 Microsoft XP is by far the greatest operating system to date . The program is so powerful and intelligent it makes you wonder how far off it is before computers take over the earth . My only complaint is this is a system hog , and I highly recomend maxing out your memory , it says windows only needs 128 MB of Ram , which means double that and get 256 . However if your computer is n't faster than a 1 Ghz , like mine , I recomend getting 512 MB of ram , once I did that , the system ran a lot better . Memory is cheap is buy it makes a difference . Minus that , this system is great , do n't believe any one else who tells you otherwise . Oh , and by the way , if you have a Motorola SB4100 cable modem , go to their website and download the patch before you install XP , because your modem will not work when XP is installed , then run the patch and everything is fine , that was my problem . Also Easy CD creator 3 and 4 do n't work well . Hope
 -LRB- ... -RRB- StabilitySo the only reason I wanted Windows XP is for the stability . Every thing else is just a bonus so I will cover the stability issue first . I was going to wait a week to write my review but after two days I ca n't wait . My computer is running GREAT !!! No restarts , no errors , no problems . Of any kind !! Enough said . I ca n't say more about it . It seems I have a new computer . I am not even worried about upgrading anymore . -LRB- ... -RRB- SpeedMy computer runs MUCH faster ! It actually seems like I have 384 megs of RAM now . Everything is running clean and smooth . My web pages load in a snap . I am not so worried about DSL anymore . I still want it but before I needed it . Every program I have run so far as opened before I can blink . Enough said . It is fast !! ActivationI know everyone is concerned about this . I was also but my computer crashed so much I did n't care . After installing Windows XP you can either activate immediately or in 30 days . I chose 30 days because I was so excited to see what XP can do . I activated and registered later the same day . You can either phone in the activation or do it online . I did it online . Since I registered also I filled out 1 form with my name , address , and email . Clicke ok . Done . Less than 30 seconds.Software ConflictsWhen installing XP it will check for software that may not work . About 10 applications were found . Mostly little stuff . Nothing I really ever use . Some I did n't want anymore . XP still installed . Those programs that started automatically were n't included but that is better for me . Stuff you would n't care about.Hardware DetecterWhen I first installed XP I unplugged my scanner due to possible conflicts with XP . Installed XP without the scanner . Later I plugged the scanner into the USB port . XP immediately recognised the new hardware and asked me if I wanted to install it . Ignoring warnings about possible conflicts I installed it . Very easily . I like the fact that XP recognised the hardware immediately.New look/GraphicsWindows XP has some new desktop backgrounds which are cool . Graphics are great . Also the graphics on other programs seem crisper . Much nicer appearance.Start menuXP has a new start menu which is nice . I would n't care either way but it is nicer . The task bar has a different appearance which looks good . If you have a program open which has different windows open itself e.g. Internet Explorer with 4 different web pages open at once it will show up just once on the task bar but with a 4 next to the name . When you click on that program a pop up window appears so you can pick which one of the 4 windows you want to open . Your taskbar is n't so cluttered.So in a nutshell my computer is very stable so far . Runs much faster ! Looks great ! I am very very pleased . I am so happy Microsoft launched XP . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 If you want to stay updated , this is a nice product to get.Although , I predict there will be errors when you try to upgrade it . You will probaly have to reformat your system , then install your orgianl windows verison then windows xp . that is what i was forced to do , because windows ME made errors like crazy.I think that this will be a succesfull product , it 's worththe reformat .
 This upgrade is absolutely worth the money . XP is far more stable than its predecessors , and boots up very quickly . One of its best features is the file and transfer wizard which makes upgrading to a new PC a snap . Another great feature is auto update which makes sure you 've got all the patches and new versions as they are released .
 It 's a top product from Microsoft ! This OS makes up for the invetion of Windows ME !!
 I think Windows XP is the best operating system yet . I got it , installed it , and it worked right away ! I love the new look too . Windows XP has never crashed where I have had to restart the computer either ... Very stable ! Great job Microsoft !
 This new operating system is simply a must have for everyone -LRB- especially those running Win ME -RRB- . I 've had every Microsoft operating system and each one has it 's huge downfalls . I was n't planning on getting another new piece of junk from Microsoft when I heard them once again promise no crashes . Not to mention they want a ton of money for this upgrade . But a friend gave me a copy of the second release candidate which is almost the same exact thing as the full version , and I 'm pre-ordering XP today . If you meet the system requirements -LRB- and hopefully you 're somewhere above -RRB- , your computer will actually speed up with this upgrade !! And there are so many new features and improved ones -LRB- such as hibernate which never worked for in in Win ME -RRB- . So I say , if you can afford it , go pre-order the upgrade now ! Also , you probably do n't need to get the professional version unless you really use a lot of big business tools . An no , I am not being paid - although it does seem like it : -RRB-
 Hi it 's Person . Windows XP is a great operating system . It 's very stable and helps get things done around here . I 've read some reviews about software not running correctly . Do you want to know how to fix it ? Set the compatability . Really , I think some people are out of control and are n't trying hard enough to understand Windows XP . Once you understand how to use it , you will love that you have it . If you are new to this software , I recommend taking the Windows XP Tour at Start > All Programs > Accessories > Tour Windows XP If you have an old Windows OS , then try this . You will not regret it . I 'm glad I have it because Windows 98 sucks bad compared to this . Hey ya !
 The days of easabilty woes for pc users are finally over . Windows XP is the be all and end all of pc user friendlyness . Forget Apple , or OS X. Microsoft has hit a home run with Windows XP . It is simply designed to dramatically enhance your computing experience , Windows XP is based on the strengths of Windows 2000 , with a new set of connected experiences that allows you to do more than ever before with your computer .
 Ah , windows xp . This is one of the first versions of windows i have actually enjoyed uprgrading to . Every single upgrade
 first off , i 'm not a computer geek . but i 'm not totally ignorant about how they operate either.basically the only reason i went out and got this product was b/c i had some new hardware that could not work with windows 98 , the original version . i 've had my computer for over 5 years now , and was quite happy with the way it operated.i was never -LRB- and still am not -RRB- a big fan of ms products . so needless to say i was very hesitant about going out and paying good money for anything less than exceptional . but i must say that this upgrade has been a pleasant surprise.the installation was the first surprise
 Before I bought WinXP Home Edition I did a lot of research to find out if it was for my computer . I have a home made PIII , with 128K Ram and a 8 GB hard drive . Lots of USB devices and , an old MODEM . The computer is about 18 months old.Finishing my research I decided I was enough prepared to get and install XP . IT WORKS GREAT EVEN IN MY HOME MADE COMPUTER . I only had to manually install the modem in order to get it working . Then a few weeks ago , I changed to internet cable in a swift with no issues with the system.XP works great with USB hardware , I 've known of bad stories with Linux and USB devices.So , after many ANGRY reviews all I can say is RESEARCH FIRST , not just buy because is new . If I did it from my humble home in the third world , with no Microsoft support , you guys should have no problems .
 I agree with most of these reviews ... WinXP is STABLE -LRB- never crashes ! -RRB- , it LOOKS GREAT , and is EASIER TO USE THAN THE MAC.My favorite features : - when you rip albums with Windows Media Player , the folders of music have * album art * , show the artist , album title , etc. . Great for organizing music ! - when you copy digital pictures , the My Pictures folder shows you thumnail previews , a filmstrip view , slideshow , and makes it really easy to print and * order prints * of your pictures . - you can set it up with people 's names , so that 2 or 3 or 4 people -- or your whole family -- can share a PC and each person gets their own desktop , start menu , etc. . . and their programs keep running ALL THE TIME . it 's really fast to switch between people ! - BEST OF ALL ... the new Windows Messenger lets you do IM chats with VIDEO . Yes , buy a $ 40 webcam and a cheap microphone , and you can have a video conversation with your family across the US . Works great . -LRB- and if mom has trouble with her PC , you can see her screen via `` remote assistance '' and help fix the problem . -RRB- I 've been super happy with XP , and would strongly recommend it to anyone with more than 64mb of memory and a fairly new PC .
 I only have experience with the full version of XP Home , but it 's so good that I 'm buying the upgrade for my PC running Me.I built my first PC about 2 months ago . I was actually disappointed when I built it , because I thought it 'd be harder and take longer . But the reason it went so much faster was because of XP . XP has so many device drivers already baked into it , that I did n't need to install a single driver ! The 2 CDRW 's , floppy drive , internal zip drive , internal flash card reader , and network card for my 4 port router were recognized , and drivers installed , without me hitting a single key . And that 's just the install ... This OS has been as rock-solid as they come . I run this PC 8-10 hours per day , and have run it everyday -LRB- except for a few days around Thanksgiving and Christmas -RRB- for 2 months . I have not had a single crash or lockup since I turned the PC on the first time . I still ca n't believe it . You see , I also have a Windows Me PC that crashes constantly . I either get the blue screen of death , or it locks up so bad even Ctrl-Alt-Del does n't work , and I have to just kill the power . So XP is certainly a breath of fresh air.I have had a couple programs that I used to run on a Windows 95 machine that did n't seem to like XP , but compatibility mode helps -LRB- that 's a brand new feature -RRB- . And that 's only a couple of those old programs . The rest of the oldies worked just fine!As for the ability to customize , this one is tops by far . It 's a little daunting getting used to taking different paths to get to where you 're going when you want to alter the OS , but I think it 's more customizable than any previous OS.FAST ! My Me machine boots up in about 2 minutes . My XP machine boots up in about 32 seconds . And it shuts down in about 13 seconds . And if you really want to run this OS lean and mean , you can opt to do away with the cutesy new look that adds all kinds of graphics -LRB- and time to process -RRB- , in favor of a graphically stripped-down version that will run even faster.The only thing I 'm concerned with regarding an upgrade is the method each OS files data . Windows 95 uses FAT16 , and 98 and above use FAT32 . XP uses NTFS . I do n't know anything about what any of that means , except that I can see they 're different . I plan to backup everything before I try to upgrade , but the upshot of all of this is
 Upgrade from Windows ME failed after first hour of install process . I had carefully run the upgrade advisor and reviewed the full report for each impacted hardware or software package . Still had problems with instructions being fuzzy or unclear , e.g. , motherboard Intel XP drivers , Eventually I performed a new install and lost all of my files in My Documents and Outlook which had been hosed by the failed install . Many other programs when reinstalled recovered the data still in Program and Files directories.Spent 20 hours dowloading , reinstalling various software packages and drivers . Unfriendly interface for installing pre-XP drivers and software that I had no plan to upgrade.Roxio 4.2 was upgraded from ROXIO site download and it works to write CD by DIrect CD , but ca n't read Direct CDs generated from later version of ROXIO used at work . A ROXIO problem not Microsoft . Roxio before the XP upgrade was compatible with version I had at work.Canon Multipass C755 reinstall for XP was clunky and inconsistent . Scanner never made it into the control panel for scanners . Still can reach the scanner for applications that hunt for Twain Scanners like Omnipage 11 . C755 works better under XP and does n't crash the system . On Windows ME it constantly crashed the systemUpgrading is almost not worth it , better to buy a new machine with XP pre-installed and all of drivers for the new hardware and save 20 hours .
 This upgrade does NOT include the security hotfixes that have accumulated since the August 2003 Blaster Worm ! Make sure you have all the critical Microsoft security hotfixes FIRST , upgrade without connecting to the Internet -LRB- i.e. do n't select to update the Update Manager from Microsoft 's website -RRB- , and manually apply the critical fixes before connecting to the Internet for the first time . Also , enable the built-in firewall before connecting to the Internet . I learned the hard way and got the Blaster Worm while connected to Microsoft 's website trying to download the critical hotfixes . Thereafter , I could n't stay connected long enough to complete the download . Do n't get caught in this `` Catch 22 '' like I did !
 I have been running Windows XP Home and XP Pro since they were in Beta testing and have had very few issues or problems . Previous to XP , I ran Win2K on one machine and WinMe on another . XP is as stable as Win2K , but is much more compatible with my hardware . I 've noticed a couple of erroneous reports of problems in earlier reviews
 As previous reviewers have mentioned , you should make sure your hardware and software is XP compatible before you buy . Assuming everything is compatible Windows XP upgrade is a breeze to install , once installed it is very funtional and stable . The main irritation about previous Windows operating systems was the instability . My Windows XP installation has not crashed a single time since I installed 768 MB of Ram . For a stable system it is very important that you have enough Ram . When I only had 256 MB of ram installed the system was not much more stable than Windows 98 SE . I am very pleased with Windows XP , you will be too , if you have enough Ram , and XP Compatible software and hardware .
 Could not restore my patched and repatched version of Windows 98 to a stable condition after a hard drive failure . I could barely get Windows 98 functional , and as soon as I selected `` scan for new hardware '' every piece of equipment that had ever installed on this system over the past five years , reappeared . It was a nightmare . Faced with going back and reinstalling the original OS , SPs and programs , probably a week long job , I decided to buy XP Upgrade and run it over my flaky Win 98 installation , which I had reinstalled for the umpteenth time from backups -LRB- but the last time I did NOT run the scan for new hardware program -RRB- . Much to my amazement , the upgrade went flawlessly . XP found and installed all correct drivers for my AMD 450 clone with 384 megs of ram , even improving on my video drivers . I was saved ! Although I had concerns about running XP on such an old chip , my system was just as fast as Win 98 and much , much more stable.I have not liked the new MS policy on authentication , and swore that I would not upgrade to XP because of it . But I have to say , they handled the authentication flawlessly , and I did not have to enter a single piece of information . However , it will be interesting to see what happens when by new replacement Deskstar hard disk arrives from IBM and I do a mirror copy of my backup drive to the new IBM drive , change it do drive C , and reboot . Will MS think I 'm running a new system ? I 'll update this review with the results.UPDATE
 For most users Windows XP is a must upgrade . I have worked with it since the day it came out and have seen it at its best and worst . I feel that most people on here who are sounding off complainging that they ca n't get it to function right , are n't computer literate . I 've installed XP on old machines , new machines AMD and Intel based . All installs completed quickly with hardware having core functionality.Steps to consider before you upgrade1 -RRB- If your upgrading from 95 , 98 , ME , this is a must have . XP is more secure , faster and stable then any of the previuously mentioned OS . However , since XP is a completely new operationing system , some software will not work . Be sure to check with the vendor of the software . Hardware wise , XP has default drivers for most hardware unless very old or new since its release . For the hardware newer than XP , the vendor will have an XP driver for it . Chances are if XP does n't have a driver for the hardware in question , it was considered Obsolete years ago . From my expirence , I only had one piece of hardware fail in XP , an old 4X SCSI burner .2 -RRB- If you have Windows 2000 , and you are happy with it , then XP may not be nessicary . 2000 still being based on NT architechture , still does n't have the best compalitily with hardware and software -LRB- though much better than NT4 .0 -RRB- . The differeces in reliabilty and speed are not worth the upgrade price . In some ways 2000 is still more stable when dealing with software failures .
 I recently purchased a laptop with Windows XP pre-installed . I have been very pleased . The program seems to run much more smoothly than previous versions , and it has a new slim-line look . It is superior for veiwing DVDs , editing digital films , or even the casual word processing . It is very user friendly , with upgraded tutorials and online help included . Mr. Gates certainly has outdone himself this time ... With every product , however , comes disadvantages . I have only found two . First , since it is not DOS based , it is unable to run many old video games . However , by not beind DOS based it is more userfriendly and dependable . Secondly , the graphics orientated nature can really drain a battery.I highly recommend upgrading to this product . I am sure you will not be disappointed . However , if you are , you can just go into control panel and tell it to run like Windows 98 !
 I may be going out on a limb here , but Windows XP is the most important upgrade to the Windows operating system since Windows 95 . In addition to a new look , it offers stability , ease of use and more Internet integration than ever before.Installation was easy . You can either upgrade your existing Windows or do a clean install . I recommend a clean install so be sure to back up your important data -LRB- e-mail , accounting programs , etc. -RRB- You can boot from the CD and it will pretty much to the rest . Installation takes about 30-60 minutes but it was VERY easy . XP really knows what plug and play means . ALL , and I mean ALL of my peripherals were found and configured automatically.Once installed , you will be prompted to activate . This was an easy and fast process . The next thing it will do is set up your Internet access . Once this is done , you are now ready to go . You will notice right away that the interface is different and very colorful . It may take a little while to get used to but once you do , you will like it . You also have an option of a `` classic '' Windows 9x view.Windows XP makes a lot of functions very easy . First of all , depending on your BIOS and motherboard , you can tell Windows just what to do when you press your power button . It also has built in CD burning capability , however , to delete a file from a CD-RW , you must erase the CD and then put back the files you want . A little inconvenient but a lot more stable than DirectCD . It is VERY easy to set up individual users . You can set up a personalized account for each member of the family . Also , when installing many programs , it will detect XP and ask if you want certain people to access the program . This is very nice and secure . And with Internet Explorer 6.0 , you can now choose the level of cookie protection . You will be amazed on how many third party `` usage tracking '' cookies that are placed on your PC.Backward compatibly is very good to excellent with XP . XP ran all of my older windows based programs and MOST of my DOS games . A few DOS games worked about 80 % and some not at all . I am sure that `` DOS EMULATORS '' will be available for purchase in the near future.Windows XP seemed designed for Internet integration . Just about every major function in XP has a tie to the Internet . And because of this , Microsoft has included a built in Firewall . It is good , but I would recommend Norton Internet Security 2002 . For those of you who are worried about compatibility , Windows XP makes it pretty easy to set up a dual boot . All you need is a partition created before installing . After that , Windows does the rest.For those who want security , go with Windows XP Professional . Everyone else can get by with Windows XP Home . If you have a previous copy of Windows , get the UPGRADE version . It will search for a previous install or ask you for the original Windows 9 . x/2000 disk to verify.There is a lot more I can say about Windows XP but you just need to see it for yourself . If you want stability , awesome Internet integration and overall easy of use , you must get this upgrade .
 I installed the preview version of Windows XP and I never yet had a problem with anything running on it . Not once did I have to install any drivers manually and all my hardware is brand new ! It is definitely the best and most reliable version of Windows Microsoft came out with . Did I mention how easy it is . My six year old daughter has been using my computer ever since I installed Windows XP . She 's a whiz at it already , it is so easy to install new games that she does it herself .
 Windows XP is by far the best windows release to come out . Although Windows 2000 and Windows ME were recently released they were n't all that great except for the improved stability of Win2k . Not to insult Microsoft or anything but the previous releases were not stellar , but it is obvious that you put some more effort into this one and it really shows . Appart from all the little fine tuning done to the OS , the new features like the built in firewall , raw sockets and windows that react to what content you are viewing are very useful . Although Microsoft has put out some questionable releases this is not one of them . Windows XP is a solid OS and I recomend it to everyone .
 My experiences with Windows , which has been all of them above the originals ... including 95 , 98 , 98SE , ME , NT , NTws , 2000 , and now XP ; well Windows XP by far comes out to be the best . Besides a very user friendly interface it 's fast and reliable . While the system requirements are pretty `` up there '' this Windows is awesome for those who already obtain computers with the high MHz , and GHz processors . The Internet connection is also improved in my personal opinion . The program run more easily , and are easier to shut down when they crash . System Restore is fantastic with this version of Windows , especially during bad crashes where you 'd usually have to go into SAFE mode to fix everything . The only downside I think it has is that it 's differant from the other Windows in some appearances . While the user interface is easy to learn if you 're new to computers ... it may not be as easy if you 've learned to do something one way , and now suddenly have to do it another . But other than that I 've been very pleased with XP . I would recommend it to Business Owners and Home Users alike .
 I installed XP Pro a couple weeks ago on a new machine I just built . Installed like a dream . It runs a smooth as can be and the ability it has with photos and video is amazing . I still use my other 21/2 year old computer running ME for things . But I know I will be upgrading that on to XP Home . But will do a clean install . that is the best way to go . Running anything other then XP on this new one would have been a waste of my money . P4 2.6 Ghz . H/T tech . 1 Gb dual channel ram . 2 Western Digital 120 Gb HDD . DVD rom drive and soon a new DVD burner . I now have a DSL connection . Setting that up took minutes on this machine . On the other machine hooking up a new v. 92 56k modem last year under ME took 2 days to get things working right . My son and his friend both upgraded to XP home last year . Both did a clean install . Both machines are much more stable now . I 've had my ME machine freeze as many as 5 times in a day . Always got it up and running again but it was still a pain . I stay up will all updates and maintanance and it would still give me grief . If your running ME make the move to XP .
 I 'm coming from Windows NT 4 so my impressions may sound old-hat . I like XP for the following reasons : - Integreated . zip file support -LRB- goodbye winzip -RRB- - Native cd-burning - Native support for pppoe -LRB- adsl w/dynamic IP address -RRB- - Much more powerful installer function -LRB- easily install into primary partition number 2 -RRB- and apparently built-in support for mult-booting with previous versions of NT/2k . - When I installed it actually found my NIC , printer , sound and video card -LRB- 3dfx -RRB- . If only it could tell my mouse was wireless ... - One minor improvement are the control panel applets such as display showing up on the alt-tab tasks list . - Programs seem to load quickly and the OS loads in about 27 seconds which is 3 or 4 seconds faster than NT 4 . - One amazing feature is mounting a second hard drive into a folder on a drive letter . I 'm sure this was a 2k feature but I like it . Also you can assign any letter or no letter to any drive/partition -LRB- but do n't do this to the partition the OS is installed on -RRB- . - Use the policy program -LRB- gpedit.msc -RRB- to easily change the Windows shell if you do n't like Explorer -LRB- search for LiteStep for what I mean -RRB- - An amazing thing
 I have gone through every single operating system -LRB- for home -RRB- and also through 2000 , and this is the best one yet . As soon as I heard that the first 1,000 people to sign up for the RC versions would get a free copy of the beta , I immediately put my hands on the offer . Microsoft improved it dramatically from Beta to Final Version . Then on RC2 , it only lasted 30 days -LRB- even though I activated it -RRB- so I complained to Microsoft and they sent me the full version for free . I do n't get why people complain about Microsoft if they were nice enough to do that . Well anyways , I installed XP Pro the first day I got it , and I was amazed by it . It only took me about 1 hour 15 minutes.My specs for comparison :800 mHZ PIII w / Speedstep20 gig hard-drive128 MB Ram15 '' TFT XGA Active MatrixI runs alot faster than the Windows Me I had on here which is great . Boots up a lot more faster also -LRB- except for the amount of time required to type in your password -RRB- . Desktop is nice and full , but I recommend that you have 1024 X 768 for best resolution on XP . The start menu is also very nice and I do n't have to search though all my programs to look for the one I want , all I have to do is open the start menu and my most frequently used programs are there . Another nice and overlooked feature is the hide feature on your taskbar . This is so you do n't have a huge line of icons on it , but only the ones you want . Also when a program wants to tell you something , the taskbar just flips up . This is good because if you have your volume on mute -LRB- for example -RRB- and you have AIM on , it tells you if you have a new instant message . Also if you have a lot of programs open , the taskbar clusters them into groups for you so it does n't get so cluttered . Over all this is a nice operating system , but there are the problems such as you ca n't not have an automatic log-on in the beginning and it takes a little longer to shut down . Also sometimes when I open Compuserve , it does this network configuration thing that takes a little time to complete . But otherwise this is a good , solid operating system .
 People say windows 98 was simply '95 with IE4 preinstalled or that ME is really just a bug patch . I 'd like for you to recall , for those who remember , taking the step from windows 3.1 to ' 95 . There was a difference in the kind of operating system , not simply a difference in the degree of useability.XP is another such leap , and well worth jumping for if you have sufficient hardware . Go for it !
 Windows XP Rocks.I have never seen a bue screen of death since I installed it in 2001 . Great UI.I Was using Home Edition , but upgraded to Pro because it has advanced network features -LRB- they can be a pain , though - setting up permissions for users and groups - though by default it shows you the `` simple '' options -RRB- , has Remote Desktop , etc.Get it today if you have a fairly new PC - I am able to run it easily on a Duron 750 MHz/320 MB RAM . It can run with less.If you want to keep all the old OS 's settings , get the Upgrade version . If you want to erase it all and start over , get the Full . You CAN NOT upgrade from the Full install CD .
 Microsoft is an interesting company that has pretty much given us what we wanted all along . We wanted a GUI , we got it -LRB- after Mac , granted , but still there -RRB- . We wanted pretty pictures , we got 'em with Win95 . Strangely enough , we never really requested stability in our home and work OSs , for that we turned to * nix variants . After the recent blasts at MS for stability , the company has once again given us what we wanted in Windows XP . I 've been using the various pre release versions for about six months now and have even found B2 to be more stable than any previous release . Faster , too . Win2k drivers work fine and Win9x apps have given me nary a hiccup . The only thing I do n't like about WinXP is it may be too easy to use and some of the flexibility has been dropped out -LRB- or at least , hidden from me -RRB- . NTFS permissions have been moved , share permissions have been moved and I 'm still not quite certain where they put them . I still think it 's the best thing they 've put out to date and find it to be a great OS , on par with other OSs I 've used -LRB- and I think I 've used all of them -RRB- . Eric LahtiMCT , MCSE+I , MCDBA , A + , Net +
 I 've been using XP 's rc2 scince it came out it work 's great allthough it is a little bit bubbley you can change the way it looks if it soots you to the more familure classic 9xor2000 sceam.I 've read the revue from the UK and he has one thing about it wrong the Windows media player 8.0 dose not need prexisting decoder software or card all you need is a dvd rom drive and it plays the movies just fine.It is increbibly stable if an app . crashes it does n't crash XP the app . shuts down and you do n't lose any of your work , wich is a great improvement.And for those of you who want great sound and video it had all the drivers needed preinstalled even the ones for my voodoo 5 . The media player allso sounds great by itself , to hear it with a decent sound-card and speakers is just increadible . for home or office this is a home run for MicroSoft.It 's fast reliable and has a host of improvments , like a small firewall it 's nothing speacle but it works.The drag and drop cd burning capability is wonderfull and time saveing.This is just the prevue ca n't to see the real thing .
 I am currently running my computer under Microsoft 's XP Pro Release Candidate 1 . It 's amazing . My computer runs a lot faster now and really brings out the glory of the Intel Pentium 4 . In my opinion , the best new feature is its stability . For the 3 months that I 've had this operating system , it has n't crashed once ! I 've forgotten what the blue screen of death looks like . The new user interface is also a nice change , but if you do n't like it , you can go back to the old interface with the click of a button.All of these people who are afraid of giving private information to Microsoft should n't be . You do n't have to send them any personal information to activate you new OS . Only when you register do you have to give private information , but registration is optional.I would highly recommend this new operating system to everyone .
 Dell OEM Windows XP Professional RTM through SP1a is almost exactly like retail except for one small and one big difference . Windows XP of this type can install on multiple Dell PCs with minimal effort -LRB- provided you have stuff like drivers , and need a base service pack and not full updating . Full updating spoils the trick , because Microsoft grew wise to it . To explain this miracle to you , I have 4 Dell business PCs , a Dell OptiPlex GX400 from August 2001 , running the RTM version -LRB- which does include the Microsoft Runtime for Java-Wikipedia is wrong on that -RRB- and it is only one of four PCs to run XP in this fashion . Windows XP Professional is installed using the same CD but updated to SP1a -LRB- but with the RTM having the Microsoft Runtime for Java , it 's virtually SP1 original -RRB- on a Dell OptiPlex GX270 , one of the ones that is supposed to have bad capacitors , but has n't failed me yet , but then the fun continues . The GX270 has some updates for Firefox 3.6 to run on it , and it was no problem installing those updates.Windows XP Professional is installed via the same CD onto a Dell Latitude D505 I bought to be my vintage laptop after the Clamshell iBook G3 's hard disk died , and it is upgraded to SP2 flawlessly.Windows XP Professional is lastly installed from this same CD onto a Dell OptiPlex 745 with a Pentium D CPU at 3.4 GHz , and it is updated to base SP3 plus . NET Framework 2.0 on the 745 , and they all installed and self-activated and as long as I do n't do Windows Update on them , they all do n't require their Windows XP CD-keys affixed to their cases -LRB- the GX400 had a $ 150 Microsoft OEM System Builder Windows XP Professional CD-key stuck on him as insurance should full updating be required in the future.I am a computer nut , and I like tracing the history of a given OS back through the ages . Therefore , with my Dell OEM Windows XP Professional RTM CD , I can sit there and use the computer brand , models , and types out of that brand with those models I already desired to use.Believe it or not , I am typing this review using one of the machines thus configured , specifically the GX270 Dell OptiPlex running Windows XP Professional Version 2002 Service Pack 1a . Oh , and the browser I am using is Internet Explorer 6 SP1 , so you know it 's vintage.This discovery is simply the most revolutionary thing to happen since XP was released . Oh , and by the way , here 's the time for the little tidbit : Dell OEM CDs of Windows XP Professional SP2 and later do n't do this . They require a CD-key like any other version of XP . And if you get one of the XP Professional discs compatible with this money and effort saving trick , you can rest assured that like a Microsoft version of XP with only one minor exception-a Dell Solution Center button in the lower right corner of the Start menu above the Shut Down or Turn Off Computer button , again except for the fact that in order to get self-activation , you must be using Dell OEM hardware with a Dell BIOS -LRB- when the computer shows the progress bar , if it has a big Dell logo on it , you are good to go -RRB- . Again , with this CD trick , Microsoft ca n't fuss about what hardware you have changed or not , as long as the BIOS remains Dell branded-or if you update Windows , to where Windows is automatically updated.This gives you leeway to run that cantakerous old peripheral -LRB- say a HP LaserJet 6P or a vintage weather monitoring system -RRB- that Windows Vista/7/8 just does n't support.Same way with software . If you want to run a vintage copy of Adobe Acrobat-say 7.0 or below , or a vintage copy of Adobe Photoshop -LRB- say 7.0 or below -RRB- , you can , and buy a Vista/7/8 computer or a Mac for what they are good for , which is being modern Internet terminals.So while this may not be retail , given the appropriate precautions , it 's infinitely better than retail , unlimited installs given Dell hardware with Dell BIOS , and unlimited hardware changes -LRB- again , given Dell BIOS -RRB- and no bloatware . You are off and running with nothing more than the CD and burnt discs of the appropriate service pack or packs .
 This is something most tech would ask why . We had to rebuild a system on 98 for a customer . Know it is old .
 Product was what I wanted , I did not need software with all the updates included , and the price was fair . Delivery was prompt from supplier .
 I 've used this product for years and it performs excellently . I get Service Packs and updates but I understand there is no Customer Support.Chazzley
 Windows XP Rocks.I have never seen a bue screen of death since I installed it in 2001 . Great UI.I Was using Home Edition , but upgraded to Pro because it has advanced network features -LRB- they can be a pain , though - setting up permissions for users and groups - though by default it shows you the `` simple '' options -RRB- , has Remote Desktop , etc.Get it today if you have a fairly new PC - I am able to run it easily on a Duron 750 MHz/320 MB RAM . It can run with less.If you want to keep all the old OS 's settings , get the Upgrade version . If you want to erase it all and start over , get the Full . You CAN NOT upgrade from the Full install CD .
 I have used both versions of XP the home and professional I recommend the professional do to the fact it has everything the home has and a little more . They are both really easy to use and to navigate around in . The installation process very easy BUT make sure that your computer is compatible before installing or you may run into problems . You can check so at www.microsoft.com for this . Once you install it you soon learnthat every thing starts to run a little better . All in all it is great
 I have been using computers since DOS 5.0 and this is by far the most user friendly , comprehensive , and powerful operating system I have used so far . Aside from Linux , if you are interested in an easy to use , dynamic OS go with XP professional . It has lots of features that are always coming in handy . Unless you wan na go crazy and are an IT Power User -LRB- in which case Linux -RRB- , go with this OS . Its great .
 Unless you are an AOL user -LRB- and even if you are -RRB- this is the most beautiful , usable and SECURE OS ever!SIDE NOTE
 Microsoft got it right on this one . Smooth , secure and basically glitch free . The only heavy complaint I have is the price , but I have a feeling this will be a viable operating system for quite a while .
 I think that Microsoft Windows XP is by far the best operating system yet . It is a lot better than the previous ones . However , I found one major thing that I did n't like , and that was that many games and programs do n't work , like Microsoft Outlook . They 're both made by Microsoft , so should n't they both work ? This was the biggest fault , and there were a few other games and programs that did n't work either . I would still reccomend this to anyone with a reasonably fast computer , but do n't buy it if it 's really old and slow because this will make it go even slower .
 Windows XP Rocks.I have never seen a bue screen of death since I installed it in 2001 . Great UI.I Was using Home Edition , but upgraded to Pro because it has advanced network features -LRB- they can be a pain , though - setting up permissions for users and groups - though by default it shows you the `` simple '' options -RRB- , has Remote Desktop , etc.Get it today if you have a fairly new PC - I am able to run it easily on a Duron 750 MHz/320 MB RAM . It can run with less.If you want to keep all the old OS 's settings , get the Upgrade version . If you want to erase it all and start over , get the Full . You CAN NOT upgrade from the Full install CD .
 Windows XP Rocks.I have never seen a bue screen of death since I installed it in 2001 . Great UI.I Was using Home Edition , but upgraded to Pro because it has advanced network features -LRB- they can be a pain , though - setting up permissions for users and groups - though by default it shows you the `` simple '' options -RRB- , has Remote Desktop , etc.Get it today if you have a fairly new PC - I am able to run it easily on a Duron 750 MHz/320 MB RAM . It can run with less.If you want to keep all the old OS 's settings , get the Upgrade version . If you want to erase it all and start over , get the Full . You CAN NOT upgrade from the Full install CD .
 I 've had XP since it 's debut . I love it ! I do all sorts of work with Audo/Video and imaging and am definately a power user . I also do IT work for a large midwest retailer . I have not run into a problem with XP that I could n't fix . I build computers for friends and family and always recommend XP !
 yeah , you heard right . My buddy installed 256mb worth of memory on my existing celeron board . He also clocked the processor so instead of running at only 100mhz it now runs at about 500mhz . But believe it or not , XP pro is running flawlessly on a celeron , i guess it 's not supposed to , but it does . I had to install a new burning software and my scanner that worked with win 98 does n't work with XP , but that 's no big thing . Honestly , i 'm amazed at how much better XP is than 98 , it does n't crash nearly as much -LRB- 98 was crashing no less than 3 times a week , XP has crashed twice in about 3 months -RRB- . Plus it looks much better , i got sick of that blocky windows look , i only upgraded to an imac , but have decided to build a new pc with a 2gig AMD cpu and smack XP back on it . Finally bill gates and crew have come through , guess throwing all that money at them over the years was really worthwhile .
 Dispite all the bad things have been said I like the OS.Let me clairfy what people have been saying ... 1 . The DOS feature still exist , in the RUN menu use `` command.com '' , which is the older version of DOS . `` cmd.exe '' is default in the OS , and is the newer version of DOS .2 . There are 4 interfaces in XP , Windows XP Blue , Olive Green , Sliver , and Classic . There are thousands of other interfaces you can add on with a 3-rd party application like Styles XP , you can get MacOS interface by the way .3 . XP can run solidly and fast even on a Pentium 3 533mhz with 128MB of ram , although the extra 128MB ram helps alot . It also dos not require as much hard drive , 15GB is plenty , XP uses only 3.07 GB out of 11.7 I assigned , that is afther installing a game and several programs . It can run a game play music and burn a cd at same time .4 . Its well worth your money . There wont be another major release of Windows for several years . Althought the building and testing is still in progress . So you wo n't have to upgrade for another good 3 or 4 years , by that time your computer will be so out dated it woulde n't be wise to upgrade . So this is for keeps .5 . Linux . Well its not entirely free , ... more ... then XP home edition upgrade . Also , some copy XP 's interface , ... lycoris ... if you have any questions or problems , go to iexbeta.com/board and ask questions , most of the time you can get your questions answerd right away.my thoughts , I think XP is a success bringing Windows 9X and NT into one . Its the most powerful of any operating system by far , except XP 64bit and XP . Net which is not for most of us . The price will only fall as time goes by . I would not recommand any computer under 533mhz . 533 is right amount to run most of the features in XP . I recommand getting XP Home edition upgrade if you have previous versions of Windows . Also another stick of memory which is very -LSB- affordable -RSB- if you look at the right sites ... pcboost ... If your gon na buy a preinstalled XP computer I recommand Hewlett Packard computers with `` Windows XP Media Center Edition '' installed . Its a new version of XP with the ability to view dvd 's , home movies , watch tv , record tv programs , back up tv programs to hard drive or a DVD , tv guide , listen to music and much more in a clean , simple , and beautiful interface with a remote sitting on your couch.XP will work on all computers built afther 1999 and many before that . Even HP pavilion . Its wise to do a fresh install , which can be abit complicated for beginners so call some one to do it for you.Tips -- Right click on My Computer in the start menu and click properties and you 'll have the ability to do system restore , change the visual aspects , change how the memory will be used , processing proirty , virtual memory , and remote assistance.in the display properties , right click on desktop and properties , go to appearance tab and effects . Chnage standard to cleartype . The text you see on the screen will look much better , darker , clearer , and easy for the eyes.Use windows catalog when buying hardware for XP , its 100 % compatable with XP ...
 I 'm picky about graphics so this new Windows is for me . If you have a graphics card that can crank out these XP effects it 's great . You need a fast computer to really enjoy it though . There 's still some stability issues but nothing to complain about . It 's WAY better than I 've ever experienced Windows , especially coming from the dreadful stability of Windows ME .
 I recently purchased a laptop with Windows XP pre-installed . I have been very pleased . The program seems to run much more smoothly than previous versions , and it has a new slim-line look . It is superior for veiwing DVDs , editing digital films , or even the casual word processing . It is very user friendly , with upgraded tutorials and online help included . Mr. Gates certainly has outdone himself this time ... With every product , however , comes disadvantages . I have only found two . First , since it is not DOS based , it is unable to run many old video games . However , by not beind DOS based it is more userfriendly and dependable . Secondly , the graphics orientated nature can really drain a battery.I highly recommend upgrading to this product . I am sure you will not be disappointed . However , if you are , you can just go into control panel and tell it to run like Windows 98 !
 it is a very very good operating system with multi-language support , cool GUI and very stable system . it rarely crashes , and even when i see it crashed , it will tell me what was the problem , for example , it says it is because of the bad graphic driver that cause the system unstability instead of the stupid blue screen that tells nothing but lock the computer . well , it does n't support some old softwares , but let 's face it , when windows 95 comes out , many old dos softwares become incompatible , but now , who cares about them . it is a highly recommended operating system.BUT , a big BUT , the price is ... damn crazy , -LRB- ... -RRB- it is crazy to buy 2 , 3 , or 4 copies just because my family need 4 computers , and each computer needs a license for it , hey microsoft , you dominate the OS market and what you do is RIP OFF your customer , i think OS is just like phone service that needs to be regulated . one star off for it 's crazy price with stupid activation .
 1 . Choose which one you want . I chose XP Pro over home . If you EVER think you may network , you should get pro . Plus it is more robust than home .2 . Install the full version not the upgrade . I read reviews that said this and at first I balked at it but you are going to back up your files anyway , you will be much happier -LRB- trust me -RRB- if you install the full version . For example : When I first tried to install a full xp over ME , I kept getting an error message . I had to re-install ME , then install XP pro . That goes to show you that you never know what you have picked up over the months on your computer that may hinder installation . If you try to upgrade , you will be scouring the forums late at night trying to find an answer .3 . Buy OEM . If you are knowledgeable about computers why pay double just for the book , pretty packaging and support ? Has support ever really helped you ? Me neither . If you follow number 1 and 2 , you wo n't need to worry about support .4 . XP runs fine on average computers . I have a toshiba satellite , PIII , 850 mhz with 128 mb of ram . It runs great . I plan to upgrade memory in just a few days but I was planning to anyway .5 . You will be surprised at how few incompatability issues you will have . Do n't listen to all the anti-microsoft crowd or apple pushers . I hate microsoft too , but it 's a microsoft world and xp pro is a great product.I have yet to encounter incompatability issues . I did n't even need all the disks/drivers for my hardware . For example , I use a mouse with my laptop , I did n't need to re-install anything . The same with my printer -LRB- hp deskjet -RRB- . I plugged in the cable and it recognized it . I even have an older version of lotus smartsuite that works on it.My advice , if you think it might not work , try it anyway , you could be surprised . Or possibly find an update online.Hope this helps . If you have ME , take my word for it . You NEED to upgrade . A $ 150 OEM version is well worth your trouble . I experienced crashes every day with ME . None so far with XP.I 'm happy . And I do n't usually write reviews .
 Here 's a note ... if you 're going ot buy XP , buy the professional version . It 's much more stable and supports more software and hardware than the Home version.I have used XP for two years , and not once have I had to reformat the hard drive . I have dealt with a few errors , but most of them were fixed by putting in the CD . And it did start crashing , but I finally realized it was faulty RAM , not the OS . -LRB- Do n't blame the OS first , it 's probably the hardware . -RRB- Another sidenote -- read the hardware requirements . You need at least 128 megs of RAM , and 600 megahertz .
 Note
 A major improvement in Windows . System performance improved significantly , compared to WindowsNT4 and Windows2000 Professional . I installed this on my old Pentium II 233MHz machine -LRB- 128M RAM 20G hard drive -RRB- -- even though it is below the recommended minimum configuration . Not only did it work fine but it is now practical -LRB- not just possible ! -RRB- to run separate concurrent user accounts for various family members -LRB- who can also stay logged in at the same time that I am using it -RRB- . This is the feature we use the most.There are * tons * of new improvements , and you just keep finding them . Some that spring to mind are : - the optional automatic download of service packs to speed up updates - much improved wizards for network connectivity , particularly for RAS connections . - much improved recovery from installation of bad drivers and software -LRB- e.g. the flakey , uncertified Best Data WinModem driver ! -RRB- - prettier UI - built in fire-wall -LRB- a must for all computer connected to the internet -RRB- - built in defragmenter -LRB- this really needs a scheduler though and it does not defrag . very quickly or very well : ^ -LRB- -- probably the licensor is still marketing a full featured version ! -RRB- . - IE 6 -LRB- great protection against snooping cookies , etc. -RRB- It is not perfect but it is darn good . The media player is a little over blown and obtrusive -LRB- not as bad as the horrible alternative from Real Player though -- which is very obtrusive , and unreliable -RRB- . Be careful when upgrading -- use the website provided by Microsoft to evaluate your PC first and heed well any warnings .
 If you have Windows ME , you will want to upgrade -LRB- ME being one of the most annoying operating systems ever from Microsoft . -RRB- But what about upgrading if you have Windows 2000 , which is relatively stable and a very good OS , overall?Windows XP DOES boot faster . I counted it off , and if you keep your desktop reasonable clear of icons , it boots in about 10 seconds , at least on my 900MHz PC.I have not yet had to reboot my system due to an inexplicable hang-up -LRB- something that happened from time to time with ME . -RRB- I also run this on a laptop -LRB- Toshiba Satellite -RRB- and the power management feature for dimming the screen and managing the battery is welcome , as the Toshiba battery uptime is a bit limited . All in all , I am quite pleased with XP.Why the Pro version and not the home version , which is the one that usually comes with new PC 's right now ? I 've heard that a lot of new software applications are being developed on and for Professional Version and not the Home Version .
 If you think that going from Windows 3x to Windows 95 was the best thing since slice bread , then you must try upgrading to Win XP Pro ! . Biggest Reasons to upgrade :1 . Fast boot up time2 . More stable -LRB- virtually no Blue Screens , none that I 've experienced -RRB- 3 . More secure - you can limit what a user can do by setting up proper permission .4 . Remote control access5 . Support for wide range of devices - If it 's been manufactured before 2002 , there is a 90 % chance that the OS will recognize the device.Downside to upgrading : Not much , I had trouble with my easy CD creator , which I knew about ... ! In conclusion I give Windows ***** . I am very happy with it 's performance and you will be too.Tips
 Ok - I know that a lot of people say that they have a lot of problems installing Windows XP . First of all - the way that XP Handles Drivers is very different from 95,98 , ME , and 2000 . Many drivers do not work with XP , so it is important to contact your hadware manufacturer -LRB- s -RRB- to make sure that it is compatible . Older hardeware -LRB- ESPECIALLY LAPTOPS -RRB- may not have drivers that are compatible with XP . However , if you are building a new PC ... I highly reccomend Windows XP Professional . Home edition is okay for a lot of things . But when you get into home networking and other advanced tasks , XP Pro is the way to go . I have had 2000 on my computer before this ... and I always had problems . As soon as I upgraded to XP Pro , all problems went away . I also just built another computer ... and XP Professional Works seamlessly with it . I am 100 % satisfied with XP Pro .
 I have used every Windows version since Windows v1 . This is the best version , yet . I got the Professional version of XP because I wanted Remote Desktop , more access-rights configurability and NTFS -LRB- you can manually do it on Home -RRB- . I have been very pleased with this . It is much more stable than 98SE , 98 or 95 . It is more stable than my 2000 as well . It actually is considered a 2000 upgrate -- from 5.0 to 5.1 -- but the feature changes are more dramatic and should warrant a 5.5 or 6.0 . It is finally multi-user -LRB- not multi-account like 2000 -RRB- , so all users can stay logged on with applications running . That being said , to use that functionality , you definitely want to heed the `` minimum requirements '' .
 I was very leary of using this Operating System -LRB- I have XP RC2 beta -RRB- but have really taken a liken to it . First off there is no need to buy any additional software . Firewall ? built in . CD-Burning ? built in . Movie Maker ? built in . Did you use PC Anywhere ? those feature and more are built in . The only thing that isnt included it an anti-virus program . Stability has been bar-none . I am a Windows 2000 Professional and Advanced Server user and can say that XP is even MORE stable than Windows 2000 . I plan on buying XP for all of my computers , save the server . I will wait for . Net server to come out . Yes folks ... XP is that good .
 Well in a nutshell , GREAT ! I have been using the new OS and really enjoy the new design in the user interface as well as the ease it installed on my computer . I have had less crashes and more stability than I had hoped or even thought possible with a new OS.Using the Professional version has been a pleasure and using my other hardware has been just as easy . After a little research on drivers , since they are not all out yet , I have been able to use everything in a functioning manner without any lengthy downtime.The user interface and better control over my computer has been delightful . I have profiles for my family and limited some of the users to specific rights so there is less tinkering and less damage from a random click of my childeren.Definately a 5 star rating and a great Xperience . Thanks Microsoft !!!!!
 By far this is the best GUI OS Microsoft has come out with yet . The time and effort that they had to of spent on this product is amazing . With their previous editions of windows you may have thougt they spent very liitle time on coding because of the amount of errors . Windows XP I am proud to say is prone to `` crashing '' . Yes you heard me , Windows does n't crash anymore . No more illegal operations , and best of all , no more blue screen . I just love the new look . Instead of the boring grey toolbar there is now a 3D , higly graphical , highly customizable , highly animated , access toolbar . If you like linux you 'll love Windows XP . ENJOY .
 This operating system is n't a big jump , like from Windows 3.1 to Windows 95 , but it does give the user plenty of choices . First of all , the interface is very user-friendly , and it does n't drain as much power as the beta versions . I have an AMD Duron 1 Ghz -LRB- overclocked -RRB- with 40 Gb hard drive and 512 RAM , and it works almost as fast as Windows 2000 Pro . Also , it provides support for plenty of devices -LRB- ie . video card , sound , etc. -RRB- . It 's definitely worth the upgrade for me .
 This is the product home users have been waiting for . If you made the mistake of upgrading to Windows ME or had the misfortune of buying a new Windows ME PC your salvation has at last arrived . Integrated CD-burning software , outstanding stability , and even compatibility modes which has allowed me to run an old win95 program I like , that crashed ME every time . If you have n't pre-ordered this program do it now ... buy the full version , format your hard drive and start from scratch for the best experience .
 and I was n't ! I 've been running the Windows XP preview release 2 -LRB- RC2 -RRB- for over 3 weeks now and love it . The upgrade from Windows 2000 was flawless . I had no hardware of software conflicts outside of a small glitch with Norton Anti-virus which was easily fixed . So far the system has n't crashed , none of my running programs have crashed , and I have yet to find any bugs . I also love the upgraded interface and the new start menu layout . All-in-all I really am very satisfied with this latest OS from microsoft .
 I have been using Windows XP versions RC1 and RC2 for a few months . Prior to that I used Windows 2000 and ME . I have to say , Microsoft has made a good operation system . XP is very good for a begining users because all of the different programs like instant messaging are seamlessly built in . XP is also more stable than previous versions of Windows . In previous versions like 95 and 98 , creating other users was confusing , complicated , and occasionally crashed your computer . Windows XP makes this much easier . When I installed this product I could not belive the changes ! I orignally though they were mostly cosmetic , but I was wrong . This is really a major improvement over previous versions of Windows !
 I am using one the last Windows Xp Betas -LRB- build 2526 RC2 -RRB- and it is amazing ... for the fisr time you can get a reliable and strong OS with a nice interface ... Yes !!!!!!!! XP is beautiful It also include the last version of common programs like MSN Explorer , Internet Explorer 6 , Windows Media Player 8 etc. . Xp Loads fast ... really fast and it also run the programs faster too ... Three words = buy it nowbuy it now
 Windows XP greets you with a stunning new look and feel . The Start Menu has been re-designed to allow you easy access to all your applications and the clutter that once existed on the taskbar has now been removed . Windows now * knows * what you want it todo ; your most common tasks are convienently placed in a list next to each folder . The OS will not crash , because it now runs on XP . Weather you are an advanced user , or a novice , you will appreciate all the changes Microsoft has made in this release of Windows .
 i like it ... glad i did n't have to pay for it . AWESOME OPERATING SYSTEM ! THE DAY AFTER I INSTAL IT I FOUND OUT THERE WERE NOT ONE , NOT TWO , BUT THREE MAJOR BUGS ! THANK YOU FOR THE NEW OS MICROSOFT !
 First off , for people who are complaining about installing Windows 2000 , it only took my approx . 61/2 hours ! I love it because every time I launch Internet Explorer it freezes ! I also love that theres 42 spyware programs and 78 tojans on my harddrive before I even hooked up my internet . The one thing I love the most though is that I can download any movie I want . Like the recently video game adapted film Mortal Kombat ! It was at full quality on my 28.8 k modem and it took about 3 minutes . The blue sceen of death happens so often i just went ahead and set it as my desktop and my screensaver . I also bought the separate Ctrl Alt Del accesory pad , ive had it for about 2 days and i cant even tell what key is what anymore because i 've used it so much . But all in all DOS has been a blessing , and i hope everyone embraces Windows 95 into their homes . - Shanana
 DOES N'T ANYONE READ IF WINDOWS XP PROFESSIONAL OR WINDOWS XP HOME UPGRADE IS COMPADIBLE , TO YOUR COMPUTER I BOUGHT MY COMPUTER ON WWW.EBAY.COM FOR ONLY $ 249 CUSTOM MADE AND MY COMPUTER WAS DESIGND FOR WINDOWS XP ONLY AND NO OTHER PREVIOUS WINDOWS WILL WORK I TRIED ALL OF THE WINDOWS OPERATING SYSTEM ON THIS NEW COMPUTER WINDOWS 98 THEN WINDOWS 2000 . MY COMPUTER WAS DESIGNED TO USE ONLY WITH WINDOWS XP ONLY AND NO OTHER READ THE FREAKING `` DOCUMENTION '' WILL YOUR COMPUTER WORK UNDER WINDOWS XP HOME EDITION OR WINDOWS XP PROFESSIONAL EDITION ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS READ AND MOST PEOPLE LIKE ME I DO N'T READ BUT NOW I READ MOSTLY EVERYTHING THAT I BUY ONLINE OR AT A RETAIL STORE . IT 'S CALLED FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS AND READ IF IT 'S COMPADIBLE OR NOT . MY COMPUTER IS THE GREATEST OPERATING SYSTEM THAT I EVER OWNED AND WINDOWS 98 WAS JUST PATHTIC BECAUSE MOSTLY ALL MY VIDEO GAMES WOULD NOT WORK BECAUSE WINDOWS 98 WAS THE WORSE I COULD N'T DO ANYTHING IN WINDOWS98 EXCEPT GO ONLINE WAS ABOUT IT SO READ THE DOCUMENTATION AND FOLLOW INSTRUCTIONS IF IT IS COMPADIBLE TO YOUR COMPUTER OR NOT . GOOD LUCK WITH WINDOWS XP TO EVERYONES COMPUTER CAUSE MINE WORKS THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME MY OTHER COMPUTER JUST SUCKED WELL LATERS ALL .
 I have used Windows since 3.1 era , and what a revolutionary OS Windows XP is ! With its improved kernel based on NT , it provides stability and speed tremendously.I am a college student , so I mainly use it for word processing , internet , and games . I must say that by far this is the best windows . It has the best worlds of Win98 and Windows2000.Although some games might not run too well , it 's mainly due to premature drivers . You can opt to run applications in following modes for maximun compatibility
 I was a little doubtful when I ordered the beta version of Windows XP Professional , thinking it was just another Windows 95/98/Me or even 2000 . But when I installed this baby , I was totally shocked ... The My Music Folder and My Pictures folders have been totally redesigned ! The Windows Media Player 8 is awesome , allowing you to view CD Album Cover art -LRB- Even the Start Menu has been totally redesigned for ease of use ... This has to be the best operating system `` EVER '' * period * ... Microsoft did their homework on this one , trust me.Built in CD burning at 700 % faster then Windows ME , as easy as writing to a floppy . For security a built in firewall and a new encrypted file system keeps your stuff safe.I 'd give it 6 stars if I could .
 Microsoft Windows XP , is the greatest release of Windows yet . This version features a new interface -LRB- can be changed easily -RRB- and a new set of features ... NT/2000 users will now also have at their fingertips the multimedia/gaming features that were great in 9 . x/ME and 9 . x/ME users will now have the power to harnass the stability of the NT Kernel . The advantage of the Professional version lies in laptops , businesses , and anyone who considers themself a `` power user '' . In the professional version we have enhanced tools for system administrator and advanced networking tools . The only drawback is that some of your DOS based programs and drivers may not work under XP due to its true 32-bit coding . This is a problem with any major upgrade and for the most part can be fixed by updating your version via Microsofts website . Would highly recommend an upgrade to XP for all users ... average home users should check out the cheaper Windows XP Home Edition .
 I 've used all the versions of Windows . Win2k and Windows XP are the two that I recommend . If you prefer a more aggressive looking , go for Windows XP . Otherwise , Win2k is a good enough choice . On my machine , which is an Athlon 1.4 , Win2k and Windows XP pro have similar performance . But what needs to be mentioned is XP has a faster startup.Windows XP and Win2k are good for Athlons . My CPU temperature was around 56 to 60 degrees under Win Me . But under XP and Win2k , surprisingly , it 's always around 46 . Overall , XP is by all means beyond my expecations . I never thought about upgrading Win2k before since I loved everything about it . MS now has convinced me that XP is up to par with Win2k all around and has more exciting features .
 This is without a doubt the best OS Microsoft has released to date . I have read the reviews of the people who have nothing but negative things to say about this product and I laugh . How somebody can say Windows 98 is better is most likely running an old machine with old software . If thats the case stick with what you have . I have been running XP for almost 2 years with no problems . Stable and reliable just like Windows 2000 but with more options . The system restore feature is great if you are the type that likes to install software without checking for compatibility issues . For all you XP haters , there is hope . Windows Longhorn to be released in 2004 .
 Finally , what PC enthusiasts and power users have been waitingfor - an OS that delivers.For once , Micro $ oft delivered a product that holds what theyhave claimed it to be - a revolution.Despite what people has said about Windows 95 , the reality is , it fell short of what an OS should be like - relatively fewbugs , stable , secure , and ease of use . Win 95 only has half ofone of the above -LRB- ease of use -RRB- ; whereas Linux falls short onease of use -LRB- people are working on it -RRB- and a more narrowcommercial soft/hardware base.Windows 2000 was really close except it was much tilted towardswork rather than play . Now Windows XP Pro finally gives whatevery power users want
 About a week ago I started using Windows XP Professional so I still do n't know all of it 's qualities as yet but so far I love it . I moved from Windows '98 Second Edition without any trouble at all .
 Received order in a timely fashion and is in new condition .
 I upgraded to XP Pro from 2000 Pro last year while it was still in the Beta stage and I have to say , it has been the most stable and easiest OS I have ever had the pleasure of working with . Anyone who wants to upgrade to XP -LRB- Home or Pro -RRB- is strongly urged to either consult with a professional on the compatability with other or existing hardware and software on your PC first , or check it out yourself at the start of the install . DO NOT go past the start if it tells you you have in-compatible HW or SW . It will make your life miserable , and possably hose your existing OS . All of the interface has been changed but if you are used to 2000 Pro , most of the same functionality applies.Once you have upgraded to XP , just make sure that you DO ALL of the updates -LRB- hotfixes -RRB- provided for you at no charge online through Windows update . They mostly take care of Vulnerabilty issues , compatability issues , error message fixes and newer drivers for your hardware . All in all , if you know what you are doing , do n't listen to all the down talk about the new OS from Microsoft , This was one of thier better products yet .
 There are no drivers available for Intel wireless Pro 2011 PC card to work with Windows XP prof. I am using a P4 1.6 machine.The system starts with strong signal and then says network unavailable . I upgraded a working networked system with win 98 . So , now this machine ca n't get on the internet or the small in-house network .
 Microsoft has hit the bullseye with this operating system . I have personally used every version of the Windows family all the way back with Windows 3.0 , and I have to say that I have never seen a more reliable , stable , and productive OS . XP has everything no matter what level of user you are . For professional users , XP offers unmatched stability , speed , reliance , and security . For the not-so-advanced users out there , XP gives you the same reliability with a very user-friendy GUI and helpful wizards when you 're just not sure what to do next . I honestly believe , with Windows XP , Microsoft has finally proved itself as the computer operating system giant . I personally recommend this product to everyone and their grandmother . If I could , I 'd give it a sixth star ; -RRB-
 I purchased this operating system back in November of 2002 , and since then it 's been great ! Great realiability , great features , great looks . It 's sad that some people do n't like this OS . Maybe it 's the activations that XP Home have that made users wary of any XP . I do n't know . XP Pro is memory hogging though , and you need alot of RAM to run it at top speeds.One thing I love about XP Pro , is no activations like it 's HOME EDITION . You can install XP Pro many times with the same product key ! And it is as stable as Windows 2000 , only prettier!If you need stability , great features , have the cash , and want to install on many systems ... get XP Pro a try !
 I got Windows XP Professional at the Microsoft Launch and installed it over the weekend . I love how it runs . My computer does n't freeze up as it did in Windows Me . So far so good . We 'll see how it works , but so far ... I Love It !
 I have been fortunate enough to be a beta tester for this product , though I did not initially install the beta on my drive , after hearing about the `` activation '' clause . I wo n't get into that &#65533; feature , &#65533; since it &#65533; s the most talked about ... I have been a user of DOS , Windows 3.11 , Windows 95 , 98 , and Me . My favorite OS , however , has been Windows 2000 Professional . After severe crashes , and abysmal memory management in 98 and Me , Win2000 provided a staple platform , which ran my most used applications -LRB- Adobe Photoshop , Dreamweaver , Office 2000 , Flash 5 -RRB- without a problem . It could be said that XP is the culmination of the best of WinMe and Win2000.Now , I had never been a fan of the &#65533; appearance &#65533; of Windows , -LRB- Mac OS 9 - and 10 - had the trophy for the most attractive GUI -RRB- but the look had grown a bit stale &#65533; until Windows XP.On installation , you notice that the beginning has a look of WinMe &#65533; with it &#65533; s installation wizard &#65533; but the second part of the installation looks like Windows 2000 &#65533; with it &#65533; s DOS look . That is the end of the physical similarities . During the installation , it picked up all of my components with no problem , and had all of the drivers needed , including my Network card , and monitor . At first boot-up -LRB- which is about half the Windows 2000 wait on my Athlon 1.2 Ghz -RRB- , you notice an attractive boot splash screen , which then brings you to the first major feature : Customized Desktops &#65533; allows multiple &#65533; profiles &#65533; to be set up -LRB- husband , wife , and kids for example -RRB- which retain settings for icon placement , wallpaper , icons shown , and more . This is great if one of you likes a cluttered -LRB- i.e. save everything to desktop J -RRB- desktop , and another likes a clean one . In my case , my wife doesn &#65533; t want to see all of my icons for my programs , just the one little game she plays all the time . This feature gives XP some personality that has been missing.After setting up and selecting your profile , you come to the main screen . Built with a cleaner , highly customizable GUI , Windows XP can be either exciting for someone who loves to tweak , or a bit intimidating to those who don &#65533; t -LRB- Be aware of that before going in -RRB- . The start menu is different -LRB- though you can revert to the &#65533; Classic &#65533; style -RRB- , in layout and function . It provides full access to the main parts you need . The requisite &#65533; Start &#65533; menu has been revised to include My Computer , Network Neighborhoods , and/or whatever else you may want.Some other features : FTP protocol clientCD-Burning/MP3 tool via an upgraded MS Media Player -LRB- took only 16-18 sec . To rip a 4:50 song form my CD -RRB- DVD playing softwareRemote accessCompatibility info : Some of my Software -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- : Photoshop 6Dreamweaver 4Fireworks 4Flash 5Cute FTP 1.0 ProNTI CDEasy Creator 5 Deluxe -LRB- Problem . Error pop-ups -LRB- missing file -RRB- when opening . Re-installed WITHOUT Direct CD program . Fixed -RRB- Some of my Hardware -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- : Asus Geforce MX 7100 video cardKDS VS-190 monitorNetgear FA311 NIC cardSony 4x4x32 CDRWSoundBlaster Live ! 5.1 sound card -LRB- I did have a problem with this card at first . System would reboot with page-fault errors . I removed-rebooted-reinstalled-rebooted , and updated the drivers &#65533; Fixed the problem -RRB- Athlon 1.2 Ghz CPUAsus A7V133 RAID motherboardOn the Professional edition , you have many more security features available , but most users will not need anything other than the Home edition . The `` Restore '' feature -LRB- from WinMe -RRB- is a great one . It allows full system restore , by using `` restore points . '' Timesaving.From here you are on your own , but believe me , it is quite a bit of fun to get to know this OS . Microsoft has provided a powerful answer to Mac OS X , in both appearance and function .
 Windows XP greets you with a stunning new look and feel . The Start Menu has been re-designed to allow you easy access to all your applications and the clutter that once existed on the taskbar has now been removed . Windows now * knows * what you want it todo ; your most common tasks are convienently placed in a list next to each folder . The OS will not crash , because it now runs on XP . Weather you are an advanced user , or a novice , you will appreciate all the changes Microsoft has made in this release of Windows .
 Windows Xp is a hundred times better than 2000 . It optimized my network and increased the speed by 300 % . No need to by cd burning programs because that is built into xp .
 Windows XP is an excellent multimedia operating system . With the included Windows Media Player 8 -LRB- upgradable to 9 -RRB- , you can play nearly any kind of multimedia you could ever want on your desktop computer . The layout is ideal for playing movies , though I 'd still suggest something more compact for music . Along with Media Player , you get Windows Movie Maker , for editing your digital movies . Windows XP is also extremely easy to use with scanners and digital cameras , since Explorer now has nice thumbnailing and preview support.Windows XP Professional is also an excellent business-oriented operating system . With the stability of Windows 2000 , Windows XP is not prone to random crashing . Unlike Windows9x , Windows XP will stand up to whatever you throw at it and keep on chugging . Stability aside , it also has very nice business-oriented tools such as Remote Desktop and Remote Assistance . Remote Desktop allows you to login remotely , while Remote Assistance allows you to share your desktop with another machine , either for collaboration or support purposes.If you depend on multimedia or you use a version of Windows older than Windows 2000 , I would highly suggest you invest in this product . It is well worth the time . There is much I did n't mention here that you will find useful .
 The product of Windows XP - Professional is just what I was looking for with many updated features and I am looking forward in using it daily . It was shipped exacting when they had told me to expect it . But most of all , Service was `` top knotch '' . I could not have asked to better service on any questions or problems I may have had . Customer service is a plus . I would not hesitate to purchase another product from this seller .
 from what i 've heard from friends windows xp is a horrible os which crashes , does n't install right , and generally just -LSB- does n't work -RSB- . i have found that to be quite the opposite in general . i love the actual os look and feel . i 'm using it with a 1.7 gHz pentium 4 and have noticed a lot less boot up time ...
 ... Windows XP is brand new . Which means like all new OS it is designed for new computers . Not something that is five years old . Yes XP demands a lot . I had the minimum RAM for XP but when I upgraded the RAM it works betters . ... Pretty much anybody that is `` into '' computers knows Microsoft 's problems/praises and should expect that . ... I have had problems with XP just like I would have with any problem on any OS . Software is not perfect . If it was then there would be only one Operating System and only one version of a program . Windows XP has its flaws like any OS like Linux , MacOS , or any of the other out there . ... XP does demand a lot from your resources , if you get a brand new computer have at least 256 RAM and a decent sized hard drive then get XP , its great . If you have an older system stick with Win98 -LRB- SE if available -RRB- . Windows 98 was great for me . But just like 3.1 and 95 , 98 will eventually be outdated . But just like 98 XP may be outdate in a few years . That is the price you pay with software . The minute you buy any software -LRB- utility or game -RRB- or hardware , its outdated . ...
 Alright I 've been through XP fowards and backwards and I 'm finally ready to write a review . Windows XP is good but 2000 is better but just by a hair . Well the reason why I think 2000 is better is because it just seems to be quicker and personaly I do n't like the ... look of XP . But where XP shines even above 2000 is who easy it is to do things . Remember how much fun it was to set up a interent connection in 98 ? Or even more fun in 95 ? Or the most fun ME ? Remember calling tech support and cursing at the top of your lungs ready to kill the computer ? Well those days are in the past now that XP has entered the computing squared circle . Windows XP comes with wizards for everything , most of the wizards help you get through everything in usualy just five steps . Planning on sharing your computer ? Forget the days of when closing out all your programs to log off , now you can log off which automaticaly closes all the programs or switch users which leaves your programs running . But warning ! Here are some of the darker sides to XP ! It constantly hounds you to us it messenger service and register for a passport . But heres a little tip for you , just go and rename Windows Messenger `` MessengerIHateYou '' . Then all that stuff stops . Also if you want to reach the OS 's full potentional you need to have a broadband connection to maximize it or at the very least a seperate phone line just for the internet . I say this because XP entirley wraps itself around the internet . Well if you can meet the systems hefty requirments you should upgrade but if you want to get the most out of your Windows experience you should go with 2000 although not as simple but better if you are using your computer for work . But go with XP if you want a fun computer because it is excelent for digital media and movie making and all that fun stuff . So for work go with 2000 for a family computer go with XP .
 If you 're reading this . You want to upgrade , your old computer to Windows XP Professional Edition here are a few things to keep in mind.First thing is , you can download service pack two from Windows update . So no need to buy it integrated with XP.These are what I consider the minimum system requirements :256 MB of RAM . I have found is adequate more equals better .500 MHz or higher will do .7200 rpm hard drive will help a lot.If you 're running Windows millennium edition , or 98 upgrade now the stability is vastly improved . Gone are the blue screens of death.Frequently asked question
 This review is based on release candidate 2 -LRB- RC2 -RRB- . Can I say anything but Kudos ? The new interface is intuitive to the max . It 's a big step above former versions of Windows and even a cut above Macs . Stability is , well , I ca n't get it to crash . Compatibility is phenomenal . DOS , Win 3.1 and Win9x programs run without a problem -LRB- remember , this is based on the NT file system and kernel , not the DOS-based file system and kernel -RRB- . This is what Windows was meant to be when version 1.0 came out . OK , it took 9 years to get it to this level but , now that it 's where it 's meant to be , there is no reason not to get it if your computer will run it . Most people will be satisfied with the home version . If you have a business or are a real computer geek , then you may want the Pro version . Installation is a snap -LRB- takes about an hour -RRB- and , if you decide that it 's not for you , it uninstalls easily.For me there 's no going back . I think that you 'll feel the same way once you try it .
 By far Windows 2000 is the best OS from MS at the moment . Here are the pros and cons of both . - 2000 is a way more stable than XP and uses less resourses . - Most software still works with 2000 . Most new software is made compatible with 2000 . - 2000 is still updated by MS. - Graphics on 2000 are not the best . - XP uses a lot of resourses and requires a new computer system . - XP still has some bugs and issues that need to be fixed . - XP is heavy on memory and can sometimes hang for ages . - XP is what all domestic home computer users should get if they are getting a new machine .2000 or XP . The choice is yours . I would get 2000 but MS may not be supporting it as much past the start of 2005 from what I hear .
 For the first time in many years I have been pleased with a Microsoft Windows family OS . When Windows XP came out I obtained what I was really expecting , a very solid , stable and enhanceable system.Windows XP is based on the Windows 2000 code base with several major multimedia , administrative tools and security enhancements among other things.This is really the closest you can get to a truly standard OS for all types of users , except system administators obviously . We are getting closer to not having different Windows flavors running around anymore.The acceptance of this OS will gradually relieve developers from having to design multi-platform applications , a major headache in the past . As of this writing , Windows 95 has almost been phased out , and almost every piece of software is written for Windows XP -LRB- Home and Professional -RRB- I 've tested this OS on my personal laptop -LRB- Thinkpad T-21 -RRB- and several Pentium family desktops -LRB- P-III 750Mhz and P-IV 2.4 Ghz -RRB- with many different software and hardware combinations without major issues . Software drivers are becoming quickly available for all types of hardware . In terms of software applications , I had to wait a bit longer for a few applications to become XP compatible.As with any OS , the compatibility issues were higher when the OS was released , but now you will not find as many , unless you still own very old pieces of hardware and software . This is in my opinion the primary factor when deciding wether to upgrade or to stay where you are.I will not get into the features of the OS , as they are very well described by Amazon and other reviewers , what I can tell you is what I consider the major highlights of this OS : * Great multimedia features - MovieMaker , Media Player . Windows Explorer has also been expanded with options to manage digital media such as pictures and music . Multimedia devices are installed and configured easier than ever * CD Burning options built in - Creating a music or data CD is as easy as drag and drop . It may not be the most efficient burning system , but its a good place to start * Administrative Tools - The Disk administrator , along with the disk defragmenter are two enhanced tools that I rely on with XP * Windows Update - Microsoft has been updating the OS frequently with many security fixes and tools updates and enhancements . You can set up XP to update your system periodically * Networking - Setting up a network is much easier now . A firewall is also built in as part of the network security features new in XP * System Help - The help tool has been enhanced to search not only locally on the PC but through the Internet as well . General Help Topics are very detailed and descriptive with many illustrations . Great improvement here . * Wizards - Many more settings are performed with wizards . Is like filling an electronic questionnaire , then XP takes over the rest of the configuration steps based on your answers.And simply the looks . Icons are more colorful , and they take advantage of higher end video cards with more color options . You can select display settings to look like the old Windows or the new XP look.In terms of performance , I admit that Windows by design , does not consider low end machines and it may seem slow on low RAM machines . I would definitely recommend having more than 256MB of RAM and a high end Pentium processor -LRB- P3 and up -RRB- for acceptable performance . Fortunately , there are options to tweak performance settings by eliminating the sometimes unnecessary display effects.I think at this time , you may be assured that Windows XP will be the best choice for you . Do n't hesitate to buy it , taking into consideration the points I mentioned above.Recommended
 I 've had Windows XP Professional for about a week now . At first , I thought it was just a dressed up version of Windows 2000 Professional . But , after fiddling with it for a week , I 've discovered it 's much more than that . I 've tried to make it crash , but I have n't been able to do that . I even did things that made my machine crash under Windows 2000 Professional , but they had no effect under Windows XP Professional . This OS is rock solid . And , it 's even faster than Windows 2000 . The application speed seems faster , and the boot-up and shut-down speeds are much faster than they were under Windows 2000 . And , once you get used to the XP interface , the Windows ME and Windows 2000 interfaces seem very dated in comparison . I had heard all the hype about this product , and I really wanted to hate it . But , the hype is true . If you try this OS , I can almost guarantee you wo n't go back to 98 , ME or 2000 .
 Microsoft finally did a big jump after introduction of Win95 . WinXp has really cool features . Installation is very easy and after you install it you can easily connect to internet . I was using WinME , it had problems related with DOS programs . But , WinXP is better to use old-DOS programs . The `` Compatibility Wizard '' helps you to run old Windows -LRB- win9x -RRB- programs if they fail to run under WinXp . The User interface is friendly.However !!! Windows XP has some disadvantages . First of all it requires 128MB ram and 1.5 GB hard disk to run smoothly . The next problem is WPA . You need to activate your windows in 14 days . When you activate your windows , the CD-KEY you used became a permanent part of your hardware . If you change your computer 's hardware too much you will not able to activate from Internet . You need to CALL Microsoft to get some kind of PERMISSION :--LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- . I think this new feature is very unuseful and will harm most of the innocent consumers.It is up to you to use WinXP , but I like the features except WPA ! I will recommend this OS .
 I think that this is a very good Operating System , but it is FAR TOO OVERPRICED!A Note to the person who has the issue with disk # 4 of his setup disk set : Try and get access to another computer and run diskcopy , if that does ' t work , then boot into MS-DOS with a Windows 98SE bootdisk and select the CD-ROM Drive letter and then type `` CD I386 '' then type `` winnt '' then it will start the installation from the Compact Disc.I gave it 4 stars because i believe that they could sell a better Operating System for that price .
 Windows XP Pro is a very good to use and stable operating system providing it 's installed onto a good quality machine . Less than a P4 2GHz and 512 MB of RAM is n't going to really work out . Stick to Windows 2000 Pro , SP4 for anything less.The go back to a previous date feature is tremendously useful for when something goes wrong , but I could do without the snoop-doggy-dog in the file search section . Looks a bit unprofessional to me . It 's also good to be able to use the familiar Windows themes instead of the XP ones , if you want to.Users of the latest graphics cards and Adobe multimedia applications will have to upgrade to XP to have the required system support , or even get an installation to proceed . Be sure to check this before buying anything current . Avid DV Express , etc , is also only XP compatible.Any hardware such as printers , scanners , modems , etc install very easily.An anti-virus and firewall are essential additions , Sophos and Kerio Personal Firewall work well for me . Also be sure to never be on the web in Administrator mode . Instead , set yourself up as a user with Power User attributes . A Restricted User profile is also available , but if you have Screenwriter 2000 , or other Screenplay products installed , they may not launch or function properly.XP Pro will give a great deal of satisfaction . XP-Home is much less expensive , but is little better than Win 98 .
 As with any PC software the programmers usually have a tough job of making it work on EVERY PC , and I think this stands true even more so for an operating system . The miriad of hardware configurations out there and the badly made or damaged hardware is massive . People can not expect a piece of software to upgrade perfectly if they have screwed with their previous one . . And saying this Microsoft appear to have been 99.9 % succesful . . Which by any businesses standard is a good achievment.If you are not particularly computer literate then this is the software for you . It is straight forward and tends to fix most problems for you . And windows update is a must to protect you from the scummy little brats that try to break your computer.Only one problem ... the price !!!! No wonder microsoft have a problem with piracy . . Ouch . .
 While I was a little skeptical about running this at first , I am very very glad that I did . The new features are definately worth it , and it makes many tasks much easier than in 98 . BUT ... the only problem that I have had with it , is that some programs that worked well in 98 or 95 just arent supported in XP . So be warned
 I used to have Windows ME and that one of Microsoft 's worst OS . Then when I heard about Windows XP and all the cool new features it had I was kind of concerned that this would just be like the shakier Windows ME . So I decided to try it out I bought windows Professional popped in the CD and did a clean install with the NTFS file system hearing that its better than FAT or FAT32 . Setup was very easy and without a single problem . After the Install I was pleased with how this OS was different than 95 , 98 , 98se , ME it had a whole new look to it then the plain old Grey taskbar and ETC. . Also Windows XP took care of all of my devices and never had to look for drivers . I also like the Windows Media Player 8 -LRB- upgradeable to 9 -RRB- . Internet Explorer 6 and with the new Help and Support that was an improved feature . For three months now I had no blue screens of death or major failures since it 's based on the 2000/NT Code making it ten times faster and reliable Then the Windows 9X based Systems . You will also like the System Restore function that allows you to roll back your computer in case you are having problems with your computer . Also you will like the Remote desktop feature that will allow connecting to your computer from for example your work computer from home . A very helpful support feature is Remote assistance that a friend to connect your machine and if you want , you can let them take over your machine and do any corrective work on your computer . That basically explains everything but wait theirs more you can also create User accounts with a User Administrator Account or A Limited account which will limit the user 's ability to keep people from getting into your system files or other important documents . Another Great option For Broadband user alike is the built-in firewall that will protect your computer from viruses and hackers alike . As in convenience that one great feature in windows XP . About everything is in Wizard . Want to transfer your files from the old computer use the Files and Settings Transfer wizard . Want to set-up your internet connection use the Internet Connection set-up wizard . They even have a Desktop cleaning wizard that will remove ad icons that you do n't use to the Unused Shortcut Folder . For programs that do n't work with Windows XP yet theirs a special feature called the Program compatibility Wizard that will help you run any program that is not yet compatible with the Windows XP operating system . Another Great Option that I might add is the Device Driver Rollback like when you install a driver for anything and computer starts not working correctly after that new driver install you can roll-back your driver and get your computer working again . Now lets get to some fun interesting features By using Windows XP windows Media player you can play all different kinds of music files and I especially like the feature where you can copy your CD 'S to your computer and burn them to CD . Now here 's one neat feature for people with Digital Video Cameras you can Use Windows Movie Maker to make your own home movies and you can also edit them . But let 's talk about the Start many and taskbar you can see your top 5 problem in the list never again having to go through that big long list of programs to find the program you want . Also Windows XP after a certain amount of hide your inactive icons on your taskbar to keep them from getting cluttered . To rap this review all up Windows XP is One of Microsoft 's best Operating Systems in Convenience , Reliability , Security and communication . My only problem with this system is the Activation process you have to do .
 In this review , I want to point out some stuff I found to be the most interesting about this version of Windows . Firstly , I would like to say that I have NEVER been a Windows believer , I have hated it ever since I first got to use it . The unresponsiveness , the horrible looking interface , the MS DOS background that was so noticeable , `` Critical Stop `` s that did n't seem have a reason ... you get my point . What 's more , I was always jealous of someone who had a Mac , the beautiful hardware and GREAT OS -LRB- I am talking about OS 9 -RRB- seemed like something I would never get in the wintel world.In what can be described as the last opportunity I was giving Microsoft , I bought Windows XP in complete disbelief . I booted my PC with the installation CD , and performed a `` clean '' installation -LRB- you erase your hard drive completely , then you install Windows , it works much better than `` upgrading '' -RRB- . The process itself took quite a long time -LRB- close to an hour , but I do have a slow PC -RRB- , but when it first booted , and greeted me with the nice piano sound , I found myself smiling , AT A MICROSOFT PRODUCT !! I started loading my software right away , and EVERITHING worked.I forgot to plug my old HP 600 printer while installing Windows , and to my surprise , installing it was just as easy as it is on a Mac . I turned the printer on -LRB- my PC was also on of course -RRB- , and a minute later , WITHOUT ME TOUCHING A `` NEXT '' BUTTON ON A WIZARD OR ANYTHING , a balloon popped out of the tray saying my HP 600 printer was ready for use
 Windows XP is very good and solid . Ca n't wait for Windows Xp Service Pack 2 to make it even more powerfull that it already is .
 The people at Microsoft are not idiots . They saw that the public was not going to buy the whole ' win 98 thing anymore which still has 10 + year old technology . Instead they quickly came back with a winnt 5.1 version with a changed color gui and hyped it a lot and now we have winXP.WinXP is the best operating system MONEY can BUY ! However , the ironic thing is that LINUX looks better -LRB- KDE/GNOME desktop enviroments -RRB- runs faster , is WAY more stable , has cooler programs , and guess what , it 's absolutely FREE ! The linux you see in stores is sold for a price , but the distributors are required to make it available online for a download.So the point is , WinXP is a pretty good OS , but you 'd be an idiot to overlook a better OS that costs hundreds less . Microsoft has the resources to make good products , but the money goes to legal departments/hype/marketing / destroying other companies instead of where it belongs , in developing good software .
 I will have to say that Microsoft is moving the the right direction now . Windows 2000 was a huge leap in reliability and XP continues that drive . If you have old hardware then you may have problems with drivers , etc. . If you can run Windows 2K ok then you should be fine with XP . I actually upgraded from 2K to XP and it worked fine , and I 've been using since it was released . It is very stable and looks nice too . I am a software developer , so I purchased XP mainly to test and use for development . I 'm no Microsoft zealot , but I 've always considered 2000 to be the first `` almost '' real OS from Microsoft . I think that XP has now pushed them over the edge with it 's increased reliability as well as the nice interface . If you computer is pretty up to date and your hardware is compatible you wo n't be disappointed with XP .
 This edition of Windows XP is primarily business oriented , but there are certain features that would be useful in the Home Edition of Windows XP . Example of this would be remote desktop , an amazing feature that allows you to actually control your computer from another computer running Windows XP Pro . Why I do not recommend it for most home users is the architecture of the operating system itself . Certain features such as Administrative tools -LRB- turned on by default in XP Pro -RRB- would not be recommended for a family PC , if you have a child and he or she enters the Administrative tools and alters any component of the services feature , it can totally ruin your PC . In terms of general functionality Windows XP is `` awesome '' , features worthy of this word include multiple users , beautiful graphical user interface , and easier access to programs . The `` start menu '' , in previous Windows it was like you had to climb a mountain before you reached the programs menu , now that 's not ease of use ! In Windows XP just click the `` start menu '' and you are right at the program menu , now that 's ease of use ! When it comes in comparison to previous versions of Windows such as 95 , 98 , NT , `` ME '' and even 2000 , it 's really worth the upgrade . Windows 95 to ME crashed tremendously NT was horrible on laptops and its basically kind of outdated now , 2000 does not support enough drivers . But overall for the person who travels a lot and needs to either retrieve information from their home or business computer , Windows XP Pro is very good . For performance , I recommend a 500 MHz processor , 128 MB 's of memory , anything lower than that you wo n't be installing much software on that machine . Remember Windows XP requires a lot of resources , in terms of processor speed and memory . If you want to take advantage of some of the features in XP , I suggest that you have a CD burner , you get more out of XP . My pictures has been totally redesigned for integration with online services , you take pictures and upload them to websites for editing e.g. `` KODAK '' . It 's not a terrible operating system like I have read in most reviews , but the architecture of the operating system is more business oriented . For users of previous versions of Windows I recommend you buy the Upgrade instead of the full version of Windows XP rather than spend hard earned money buying the full version , because your getting the same thing . If you used 98 , ME and want reliability , stability , and ease of use , go for the Home Edition . Persons using NT and 2000 I suggest they upgrade to XP Pro . I like Windows XP Pro a lot ; it 's better than the Home Edition in minor features . I 'm going to buy it soon but for now I 'm going to stick with Windows XP Home . It all depends on the user and the environment , as simple as that .
 This is the most stable version of Windows . It is rock solid . If you -LRB- like a lot of people I know -RRB- are still using SE or ME , you need to know that there is a whole new world out here . Even if you run 2000 , you 'll be glad you switched to XP Pro .
 its works and well . xp new all my drivers , and runs great . if you liked 2000 , this is easy . however , the puffy colors can be annoying . if you have the memory and power.this is the os for youif you have a dsl line , that uses the ppoe dialer , this is your os
 though you will need around 128 megs of memory to run xp smoothly , it 'll run like a breeze on 256 . if you have the money , this is THE software purchase to get . this could very well be the product that makes microsoft the good guys again . been running it since the day it was released , non-stop , to test out it 's crash-resistability . so far , no fatal crashes , no blue-screens , nothing . thanks MS , for creating the best OS ever !
 This OS will give user all the power . It boots the system faster . It 's compatible with the hardware and software in my system . I do n't have even re-install the driver for a device in my PC . I 'm very happy with this version .
 Microsoft finally did it they put there money where there mouth is and made a brand new operating system that 's unlike any we 've seen before . With it 's new none crash OS we might finally get some work done now let ` sw just hope all our peripherals to work with it and we 'll all be set .
 If anyone is wondering if Microsoft has just made a few touch ups to Windows Me and has just packaged it to look much nicer and more appealing you have another thing coming to you . I have been beta testing the new Microsoft OS Windows XP and I must say that it is the most stable Windows OS that I have ever come across besides Windows 3.1 and NT . This OS is built on an Windows NT platform and really stable and fast . Take it that you have a fast processor , big hard drive , and a large amount of ram . But you can buy all those things and get the machine of your dreams . The look and features of Windows XP is amazing . Great Stability , Speed , and overall use . Being able to burn files to cd with a CDRW without even installing the CDRW software . Windows XP has a built in burning software , built in firewall protection , that you just have to enable . And so far so good for me I have n't faced the `` Blue Screen of DEATH '' since installing the beta . And come on ... this is just a beta and Its stable , fast , and excellent ...
 Dispite all the bad things have been said I like the OS.Let me clairfy what people have been saying ... 1 . The DOS feature still exist , in the RUN menu use `` command.com '' , which is the older version of DOS . `` cmd.exe '' is default in the OS , and is the newer version of DOS .2 . There are 4 interfaces in XP , Windows XP Blue , Olive Green , Sliver , and Classic . There are thousands of other interfaces you can add on with a 3-rd party application like Styles XP , you can get MacOS interface by the way .3 . XP can run solidly and fast even on a Pentium 3 533mhz with 128MB of ram , although the extra 128MB ram helps alot . It also dos not require as much hard drive , 15GB is plenty , XP uses only 3.07 GB out of 11.7 I assigned , that is afther installing a game and several programs . It can run a game play music and burn a cd at same time .4 . Its well worth your money . There wont be another major release of Windows for several years . Althought the building and testing is still in progress . So you wo n't have to upgrade for another good 3 or 4 years , by that time your computer will be so out dated it woulde n't be wise to upgrade . So this is for keeps .5 . P > my thoughts , I think XP is a success bringing Windows 9X and NT into one . Its the most powerful of any operating system by far , except XP 64bit and XP . Net which is not for most of us . The price will only fall as time goes by . I would not recommand any computer under 533mhz . 533 is right amount to run most of the features in XP . I recommand getting XP Home edition upgrade if you have previous versions of Windows . Also another stick of memory which is inexpensive.P > If your gon na buy a preinstalled XP computer I recommand Hewlett Packard computers with `` Windows XP Media Center Edition '' installed . Its a new version of XP with the ability to view dvd 's , home movies , watch tv , record tv programs , back up tv programs to hard drive or a DVD , tv guide , listen to music and much more in a clean , simple , and beautiful interface with a remote sitting on your couch.XP will work on all computers built afther 1999 and many before that . Even HP pavilion . Its wise to do a fresh install , which can be abit complicated for beginners so call some one to do it for you.Tips -- Right click on My Computer in the start menu and click properties and you 'll have the ability to do system restore , change the visual aspects , change how the memory will be used , processing proirty , virtual memory , and remote assistance.in the display properties , right click on desktop and properties , go to appearance tab and effects . Chnage standard to cleartype . The text you see on the screen will look much better , darker , clearer , and easy for the eyes.Use windows catalog when buying hardware for XP , its 100 % compatable with XP .
 Even though I am using Windows XP Professional RC1 , I find XP to be a more stable and easier to use operating system than Windows 95,98 , and ME . I was really impressed with the ease of installation because I did not have to install any drivers for the hardware I had since most of it was set up automatically . In fact , my Soundblaster Live 5.1 X-Gamer sound card was set up during the installation of XP and my Iomega 100MB USB Zip Drive was set up in 10 seconds ! I also noticed that some hardware -LRB- such as my HP DeskJet 712C -RRB- that did not work in Windows 2000 did work on Windows XP . Setting up my internet connection -LRB- through cable modem -RRB- was a breeze and I have not had a system crash yet . The integrated CD Burning Wizard makes creating CDs as easy as copying and pasting files . The newly redesigned start menu saves time locating the programs you use most frequently . The reason why I have n't given it 5/5 stars is because some of the applications -LRB- such as Office 2000 -RRB- seem to run a little bit slower on XP than they did under previous versions of windows . Another reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the DVD movies I played on my computer had choppy looking graphics -LRB- I 'm sure I 'll be able to see better quality video once the final release comes out along w/better decoding software -RRB- . If you have any version of windows prior to 2000 , I would strongly recommend purchasing Windows XP Professional and have about 256MB of RAM -LRB- I have a Pentium III 800 w/512MB of RAM -RRB- . If you are still running Windows 2000 , you may want to stick with it if product activation bothers you .
 XP Pro , with Service Pack 1 -LRB- should be included with the copy Amazon sells -RRB- is the best OS I 've used to date.Recommendations :1 -RRB- XP Pro is n't really worth it with a computer older than 2 years ; features like quick boot -LRB- boot in 20 seconds not 2 minutes -RRB- require newer technology to work , and XP is n't optimized for slower , older machines . It will run , but it wo n't be pleasant .2 -RRB- If you 're not the type to call Microsoft for help , look online for the OEM version of this product . You 'll pay half price -LRB- $ 125 -RRB- , and receive a full version - but without phone support . You can still call Microsoft to `` Activate '' XP , though .3 -RRB- Turn on the Auto-Update feature -LRB- just wait for it to ask you about it -RRB- . You can protect yourself from 99 % of viruses by just letting it run , and rebooting now and then when it asks you to .4 -RRB- If you 're buying this for the pretty factor , consider XP Home -LRB- just as pretty and less money -RRB- . There 's an OEM version of this as well for half -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- . Also , consider buying one of the Theme add-ons ; you ca n't customize XP 's colors like you could 2000 or 98 . You 'll need to buy an add-on like XP Plus or StyleXP for that . XP Plus gets you Microsoft 's added Themes , and StyleXP gets you user-built themes and lets you customize them yourself .
 At first , I was hesitant to upgrade my computer to XP from Windows ME . But when I finally did , my computer started operating a lot better than before.A few points :1 . My computer runs faster now . I hesitated to upgrade to XP because I feared it would n't run very well with my 128 MB RAM . Now , after the upgrade , it is running faster and smoother .2 . With Windows ME , I had trouble shutting down my PC . It often refused to shut down , forcing me to shut off the power and then having trouble starting it up the next time I booted up the computer . This problem was completely eliminated with XP .3 . With Millennium Edition I needed to install certain software to make my CD-RW work . Windows XP already takes care of that with no programs to install .4 . The transition to XP was very smooth . It left all my files and programs intact . It even left my quick launch items just as they were in my old Windows ME . It also notified me during installation which programs will not work with the new XP -LRB- such as Norton Anti Virus and another program I had in Windows ME -RRB- . I recommend anyone with 128 MB of RAM or more to go ahead with the upgrade , because it will spare you a lot of headaches .
 I have been fortunate enough to be a beta tester for this product , though I did not initially install the beta on my drive , after hearing about the `` activation '' clause . I wo n't get into that &#8220; feature , &#8221; since it &#8217; s the most talked about ... I have been a user of DOS , Windows 3.11 , Windows 95 , 98 , and Me . My favorite OS , however , has been Windows 2000 Professional . After severe crashes , and abysmal memory management in 98 and Me , Win2000 provided a staple platform , which ran my most used applications -LRB- Adobe Photoshop , Dreamweaver , Office 2000 , Flash 5 -RRB- without a problem . It could be said that XP is the culmination of the best of WinMe and Win2000.Now , I had never been a fan of the &#8220; appearance &#8221; of Windows , -LRB- Mac OS 9 - and 10 - had the trophy for the most attractive GUI -RRB- but the look had grown a bit stale &#8230; until Windows XP.On installation , you notice that the beginning has a look of WinMe &#8211; with it &#8217; s installation wizard &#8211; but the second part of the installation looks like Windows 2000 &#8211; with it &#8217; s DOS look . That is the end of the physical similarities . During the installation , it picked up all of my components with no problem , and had all of the drivers needed , including my Network card , and monitor . At first boot-up -LRB- which is about half the Windows 2000 wait on my Athlon 1.2 Ghz -RRB- , you notice an attractive boot splash screen , which then brings you to the first major feature : Customized Desktops &#8211; allows multiple &#8220; profiles &#8221; to be set up -LRB- husband , wife , and kids for example -RRB- which retain settings for icon placement , wallpaper , icons shown , and more . This is great if one of you likes a cluttered -LRB- i.e. save everything to desktop J -RRB- desktop , and another likes a clean one . In my case , my wife doesn &#8217; t want to see all of my icons for my programs , just the one little game she plays all the time . This feature gives XP some personality that has been missing.After setting up and selecting your profile , you come to the main screen . Built with a cleaner , highly customizable GUI , Windows XP can be either exciting for someone who loves to tweak , or a bit intimidating to those who don &#8217; t -LRB- Be aware of that before going in -RRB- . The start menu is different -LRB- though you can revert to the &#8220; Classic &#8221; style -RRB- , in layout and function . It provides full access to the main parts you need . The requisite &#8220; Start &#8221; menu has been revised to include My Computer , Network Neighborhoods , and/or whatever else you may want.Some other features : FTP protocol clientCD-Burning/MP3 tool via an upgraded MS Media Player -LRB- took only 16-18 sec . To rip a 4:50 song form my CD -RRB- DVD playing softwareRemote accessCompatibility info : Some of my Software -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- : Photoshop 6Dreamweaver 4Fireworks 4Flash 5Cute FTP 1.0 ProNTI CDEasy Creator 5 Deluxe -LRB- Problem . Error pop-ups -LRB- missing file -RRB- when opening . Re-installed WITHOUT Direct CD program . Fixed -RRB- Some of my Hardware -LRB- all but one worked with no problem -RRB- : Asus Geforce MX 7100 video cardKDS VS-190 monitorNetgear FA311 NIC cardSony 4x4x32 CDRWSoundBlaster Live ! 5.1 sound card -LRB- I did have a problem with this card at first . System would reboot with page-fault errors . I removed-rebooted-reinstalled-rebooted , and updated the drivers &#8211; Fixed the problem -RRB- Athlon 1.2 Ghz CPUAsus A7V133 RAID motherboardOn the Professional edition , you have many more security features available , but most users will not need anything other than the Home edition . The `` Restore '' feature -LRB- from WinMe -RRB- is a great one . It allows full system restore , by using `` restore points . '' Timesaving.From here you are on your own , but believe me , it is quite a bit of fun to get to know this OS . Microsoft has provided a powerful answer to Mac OS X , in both appearance and function .
 I finally got this for birthday . I got a no-hassel 30 min . setup . Then , you get into networking . Run the wizard and you are set up -LRB- Just run the wizard on the other computers -RRB- . Then , Remote Desktop . I install remote desktop client on my mom 's Laptop with Windows ME . I could access My computer from the kitchen , or from the living room . -LRB- She has a wirless network adapter . -RRB- Also it took me months to setup the wirless network on my mom 's computer . I set it up on my computer and it setup by itself . In seconts , I could access the WWW .
 WindowsXP was a very big leap for me . I started off as Anti-XP , because it looked so dumb . I had been running Windows2000 Pro for about 3 years , and one day , it began to annoy me . I was like , what the hell , lets try WindowsXP . I installed WindowsXP Pro , and right off the bat it knew all my devices . Considering that I have 5 USB , just recently 6 , 6 PCI Cards , and a ATI Radeon 8500 ... I was impressed . The default VGA Drivers are `` ghetto '' , but it does n't make you sit in the 640x640x256 Color Enviornment like it 's predecessors.Overall preformance was pretty good . Since WindowsXP is based on the Windows 2000 Kernel , it did n't have many negative things . I really enjoy the `` Switch User '' function . I can `` Logout '' but not close all my apps , and login as someone else . This is VERY handy , trust me.For the `` Display ''
 This is a very pretty operating system . It also takes well with networking and user specific settings and such . Even with something simple like a Microsoft based network you 'll find this OS performing very well . Ok but then what ... ? Do i suggest upgrading ? Nope . If you already have a solid 2k network or structure then I suggest keeping it unless you just simply want XP . It does n't quite have everything that 2k offers . Also I do not suggest upgrading for the sake of Hardware . Many types of hardware will find that they are not compatible with XP and you 'll have to upgrade device drivers until you 're sick . WIth a corporation handling several thousand computers that upgrade to XP and realize that XP does n't like the NIC cards ... that can get really hairy . As well there are many program issues that need to be dealt with . I had such a problem with apps not wanting to work and having to reinstall them and then download XP patches , add in the hardware issues , it seemed I was rebuilding systems from the image up . Stick with 2k unless you 're upgrading from something like 98 or ME , if you 'd even have ME to begin with ... Some of the great upsides is the user handling . It 's very similar to 2k -LRB- Documents and Settings instead of Profiles -RRB- but it gives just a little more control over the users and the way users sign on and off . Changing logins no longer requires a pseudo restart of the system.Professional also does not require registration , unlike Home edition . Once the liscenses are purchased then there is no point in registering a thousand corporate PC 's that were probably all imaged to begin with . This is n't anything new over 2k but the XPHome edition would pout and hold its breath until it turned blue in the face waiting for that registration.The system also handles a lot better with program crashes and lockups . Never once have I had it freeze ; neither have I seen the Blue screen of death . It uses the error sending screen in place of this . However , it is very sensitive to program 's not responding and many times it wo n't wait for programs to get back up and start running again , it will just shut the app down . A few apps I use have a few instances where they await input from network machines ... well XP thought the programs were n't responding and shut them down . I have found it a very stable system as far as it is concerned , many programs have since become unstable in their own right . If you decide to go XP , be cautious , very cautious . You may wind up sending every one of them back and having to rebuild your machines from scratch . Final note
 The new OS for the Win9x community brings a wealth of NT/business stability to your computer . With the NT type kernel and the EFS -LRB- File Encryption -RRB- the security of the OS is greatly improved.For the Win2k improved interface is one plus but a faster more reponsive OS is the other major upgrade . Wireless LAN support is part and parcel of this new OS which is good for small LANs in home/small office situations where wiring is a burden.Also the remote IT tech can access a down PC on the network and fix problems remotely . Together with the in built firewall it makes XP a good upgrade but not the greatest as for the 9x community.For new users this is the OS which will allow for a rich mutimedia experience and integration into the web community , a nice package for the new OS millenium .
 Since the release of Windows 95 , there have been few additions to MS 's OS 's that have been so compelling to upgrade to . After Beta Testing the Professional version of Windows XP Professional , I can say that even in beta , Microsoft has this operating system nailed . A rock solid , stable environment on which all PC 's I have installed it on have had performance ratings soar . Microsoft has lowered necessay software installs on top of th e OS by adding native DVD and cd-r/rw support built rightin to the os . It is visually stunning , the first overhaul of the UI since the introduction of windows 95 . The new interface is fresh and intuitive , while the stability and useful features add value to the OS . Sure to please , your sytem will thank you for it .
 Windows XP , I believe is great . I love the new interface , but I rate it 4 stars because of the Product Activation Feature . I believe that we should not have to activate on other computers . I believe this is not a feature to prevent piracy , but a feature to gain more money .
 Windows XP has been dubbed by Microsoft to be the biggest Windows release since Windows 95 . Microsoft has hit the nail head on with that statement . Windows XP is also has some major improvements and features which is good and bad.Windows Product Activation -LRB- wpa -RRB- Windows Product Activation is a new feature Microsoft is adding to it 's new line of Operation System XP . The idea in theory is that it will help cut down on software piracy . Windows XP will be like Shareware in that you have a certain amount of time to use it before you have to activate your copy with the company . The difference is , Microsoft has made the activation extremely difficult to bypass and will cut down on piracy . When you install XP you will be asked to activate , by clicking yes , it will send the Product key you used to install the software and check it in the database to see if its been used before and by another computer . If you buy a new computer you will have to get a new Product ID number from Microsoft . This part of Activation is a mistake because if your like me , I build my own computers and replace them every few months to a year or so which means I have to contact Microsoft everytime to get a new ID.LUNALuna is the new interface in XP . The greenish Start Button and blue Taskbar have given XP a nicer and smoother look . If you do n't like the colors then you are free to change them or use another theme . XP has better theme support and will allow you to fully customize your computer to the look you want . Another great feature about XP new interface is ability to customize folders in such a way you could of never done with the previous versions of Windows . For an example . If you have a folder full of pictures and your not sure which picture is which and you do n't want to open them all up to find the one your looking for . All you have to do is
 I have been evaluatin this item in Beta form for 3 months . It is rock solid and has n't burped once . I have used it with
 I 'm from Chile , and i use my PC mainly at my home . I 've changed to WIN XP since a week ago . What can i say
 I have been running the Release Candidate 2 version of Windows XP Professional -LRB- via Microsoft 's Windows Preview Program -RRB- for a few months and I am very pleased with it . Although what I am running was not the final version , it is feature-complete . From a reliability point-of-view , Windows XP far surprasses the Win 9x product line and , in my experience , is even better than Windows 2000 -LRB- and , like I said , I 'm using a release candidate that does n't have the bug fixes that the final version will have -RRB- . If you want to get off of Windows 9x -LRB- or finally upgrade from NT 4 -RRB- , have the money for the upgrade , have relatively new software and hardware , and have a computer with the power to run it well -LRB- NEVER trust Microsoft 's minimum requirements -RRB- then I say go for it ! Windows 2000 users wo n't see as much of an improvement as users of older versions of Windows , but even they might want to give it a chance . And for those of you who do have older hardware and software , you might want to wait a little while to upgrade so that drivers can be made available.Oh and do n't worry about product activation
 Windows XP is pretty impressive . It has the stability of Win2k , but with a lot more features , which in turn actually make it more stable in some ways then win2k . The only reason I havent given XP 5 stars is just because there 's always room for improvement , and we dont want micorsoft to stop improving their operating systems :-RRB- I would say XP deserves 4.8 stars.Its a lot harder to do something to your system that would corrupt it . But if you do , they 've included an automatic backup system that can save you the trouble of having to figure out what went wrong . Just restore the last automated backup , and you should be up and running again . Or if you know what went wrong , you can roll back a fault driver to the previous one instead of restoring a full backup.The start menu has been redone to make it easier to find the items you use the most . And best of all , if you dont want to use new start menu , they have given you the option to keep the win98/win2k look and feel.The built in remote desktop feature is REALLY nice . You can get COMPLETE access to your machine , from any web browser . But it still gives you full NTFS permissions while doing so . You can also use a feature of the remote desktop to request support . This way someone not even in the same time zone as you can work directly on your PC , all while you watch.And for additional security , there is now a built in firewall , which you can configure or turn on or off.They 've also built it a lot of other nice little features , such as being able to play DVD 's from within media player if you want to . Being able to burn cd-r 's directly without any additional software . They also support cd-rw 's . Digital cameras are even easier to use now . Just plug them in , and XP recognizes the camera and pops open an easy to use wizard to download the images off the camera . Or you can browse the images right in windows explorer.They have helped remove the clutter on the task bar by grouping similar task bar buttons , but still giving you control over it.Compatibility with older programs is less of a problem , since you can install or run programs in win95/98 , winme , winnt or win2k mode.I 've installed it on my desktop machine and my laptop , and everything worked right out of the box . I didnt have to download a single additional driver to get any of the standard hardware to work . This is much better then my experience with win2k , which required me to download a host of drivers to get everything working correctly.Over all , I would say microsoft has taken an existing stable operating system -LRB- win2k -RRB- and improved it further by making it much more user friendly , and easier to operate .
 When I bought this Computer 4 years ago it came with Windows ME I had nothing but problems when I was online it would freeze up about every 30 to 45 minutes and I would have to reboot very frustrating . I kept having people tell me to upgrade to XP so I finally upgraded to XP Pro and that was about 6 months ago and now I can stay online all night if I want without a single problem it has not even skipped a beat and I was on dial up at first and now I 'm on cable . I lokv it in fact I am bulid a new computer from case up and XP Pro OS is what I am putting in it . . I would recommend XP Pro to anyone ...
 I 've counseled hundreds of small businesses on their foreign market entry strategies and have used JIAN 's BizPlanBuilder and other Builder tools for years . After all these years , these products remains best in class . Not to be missed . Dr. Sarah McCue , author of E-commerce
 The newest version of BizPlanBuilder can a be found only at http://www.jian.comAll of the documents have been updated.The financial models have been updated.Older versions may not be compatible with the newer versions of Windows and Mac OS or Office .
 I 've used TurboTax for some time and always wondered about the prices I was paying . As I sat down and calculated the total , though , I realized I had forgotten the value of Efile . With this product , I do pay for efile up front -- but then get my money back with the rebate . It 's worth it-not really as expensive as it seems at first evaluation !
 I , too , have used TurboTax for many years now ... and have yet to experience any installation , execution , update or support problems on varoius O/S 's and PCs . This product has been quick to learn and use , and updates have been regular and reliable.As for technical assistance , paid support may be the only way to get instantaneous live support associates , but unfortunately welcome to the 21st century ! For nearly all other needs TurboTax online help and email is available and responded to fairly quickly . Furthermore , doing a web search would easily find a plethora of TT users out there that could address almost all the issues you would experience.I have , and continue to , highly recommend this solid product for simple and thorough tax preparation with a minimal amount of headaches .
 TurboTax 2003 required Windows 2000 users to run as administrator . One of the reasons that I use Windows 2000 over a consumer version is that I like to run as a normal user most of the time , and not need to worry about scribbling over system files . I only want to run as administrator when I install software.TurboTax 2004 lets me do everything as a normal user except install or upgrade software.I wish that other software vendors would get a clue -LRB- and that W2K certification guaranteed that most normal operation worked for non-privileged users -RRB- .
 I have used TTAX every year since their year 1 . Never a problem ... except maybe once or twice with me . I fully understand company not offering personal free support . One short free call would eat their profits for many units . I do n't want to pay to support those who need `` free '' support . My single gripe -LRB- which was responded to promptly -RRB- was their copy protection which prevented me from using both my laptop and desk unit for the same return . I sent e-mail ... publications criticized ... i had a positive rply to my mail . Company backtracked . I backtracked too . Still a great product . -LRB- I fluctuate back and forth between basic and deluxe . Guess basic is good enuf ... but every other year i wonder ... soooooo .
 I 've used TurboTax for about 9 or 10 years now and I think it 's a very solid product . I 've found it very easy to use . I 'd guess that I 've saved at least a hundred dollars every year I 've used it .
 I bought Turbotax deluxe and the accompaning State CD and they both installed fine for me . I am running the latest Mac OSX on a powerbook . I have n't done my taxes yet so I ca n't comment on the software itself but as far as I can tell the installation worked .
 I have an older Mac with OS 9.2 . I had no problem to install and use both the Federal and State programs . The CD was also much easier to obtain this year , since it was included with the PC version . Last year I was on the phone daily with problems downloading the program . The employees of the Indian call center were all intelligent , polite and determined to resolve my problem . I ended up with a refund AND the program . I would much rather speak with them than with the clueless Americans some firms hire . After a few shakey years , I am once again a loyal customer
 Macintosh user , OS 10.2.8 - I have n't had the issues others seem to have had with this product . I live in WA though and we do n't have the state tax to install . The product is peforming well , better than it has in years past . It 's nice that the price has come down a tad from years past when Mac users had to get our own version and I think the value that I get out of it is worth the money spent .
 I began using TurboTax last year after I was told by a local tax company that I had to pay back nearly $ 1000 . Either they did n't bother to check if I was eligible for any tax breaks or they were not up to date . I withdrew my request with them and filed my taxes myself using TurboTax and needless to say , I got a great return ! It is very easy to use and understand , and with the guaranteed pre-file review and approval , it also gave me peace of mind . I 'll definetely be using this again .
 This is my seventh year using Quicken TurboTax and it will be my fifth year using the state tax version . I ca n't imagine going back to pen and paper to do taxes . The program takes you step-by-step through the tax process by asking you questions about the various sections of the forms . It also prompts you to make you remember about things that may have slipped you mind , like other deductions . And , it makes suggestions for deductions that you may not have thought about . At the end of the process you can print out the forms for mailing in the traditional format or in a format that 's easy for the IRS computers to read . In addition , you can opt to file electronicly . The help section IS very helpful . It actually makes sense of the rules and instructions for filing your taxes and explains the relevant sections of the tax code in easy to understand language . My one suggestion is that you have all your papers with you before you start the process . You can , of course , save your work and come back to finish or edit it , but it is a pain to be half way through and remember that your mortgage statement is two floors away.I tried Taxcut last year because of the product activation on TurboTax . I had problems with it right off . It stated on the box that you could import TurboTax files but when I tried it would n't let me . The Taxcut web site suggested that this was a common problem and that you had to edit your TurboTax file -LRB- with TurboTax -RRB- to bring it down to a certain size . Still , it did n't tell you what that size was ok or really give you any idea on what to cut out . -LRB- I thought all of the our tax info was important -RRB- . My advice
 Improved over '03 version . Very ergo friendly . I 've been using TT since 1996 and I can say the '04 version is the best interface yet . The changes are subtle but much appreciated . I think Intuit has been listening to their focus groups . It has the best presentation of taking you through tax questions I have seen yet . Like anyone preparing their taxes , I end up going back and forth many times and the 2004 version allows me to find inputted data quickly and make changes as necessary . Previous versions have been good in this way but this one 's even better . I 'm sorry to hear of install problems by so many . My OS is WinXPPro ' 05 . My installation and tax return preparation has been flawless including importing my '03 return and the free state download . I almost did n't buy the '04 because of problems with TT '03 but I 'm really glad I did . My '03 version would not import my '02 return and I would input info and discover later that it did n't save . I spent many extra hours working with it last year.If you purchase , I recommend 1 -RRB- If you have no use for `` It 's Deductible , '' use your OS 's Add/Remove to get rid of it . 2 -RRB- Save your completed return as a pdf file as well as the usual TT tax file . -LRB- Select `` File '' menu , then `` Save to PDF ... '' -RRB- It 's a good backup in case importing the following year does n't work and I can access any year 's return in pdf without having to load that year 's TT . 3 -RRB- Be sure to use the enclosed rebate if you efile .
 I came back to TurboTax this year after having tried H&R ; Block 's TaxCut in 2004 , and the process of completing my state and local taxes went very smoothly . There was no problem with getting the state download & going through the rebate process , whereas with TaxCut it was literally IMPOSSIBLE to access the rebate forms , and last year 's TaxCut also came packaged with practically unkillable spyware which I did n't even realize was installed until I read reviews about it . Anyway , Turbo Tax Deluxe was worth the extra couple of dollars over TaxCut.There was only one glitch which I think anyone using it should be aware of . There 's a new state sales tax deduction which according to the TurboTax blurb will affect only a minority of filers . It further tells you that your state and local income tax deduction is likelier to be greater than a state sales tax deduction.However , even though my state and local income tax deduction was the greater of the two amounts , when I printed out Schedule A , I noticed that the State Sales Tax deduction box was checked off , and on the line next to it was the amount of my State Income tax deduction . Not good.I found the only way to correct the error was to put the `` X '' in the correct box next to Income Tax -LRB- by getting into the actual form , Schedule A -RRB- and removing the default setting -LRB- the box next to `` Greater of the two amounts '' was automatically checked -RRB- . Other than that , no problems .
 I have been using this product for the past 3 years . Unfortunately it has not improved in terms of help interface but it does what it is supposed to do . Briefly the pros / cons : : - PROS : :1 -RRB- Transfer Tax Return information from previous year . Do n't have to re-enter personal information SSN , DOB , existing dependent dtls etc. 2 -RRB- Updates Tax forms each time you start TurboTax to edit your return .3 -RRB- Includes new rules related to Cash Donations for Tsunami Relief i.e. Taxpayers can elect to deduct for 2004 , money donations made to qualified charitable organizations through January 31 , 20054 -RRB- Includes State and Local General Sales Tax Deduction details -LRB- new in 2004 -RRB- 5 -RRB- Provides -LRB- for exp . -RRB- Income Summary or Deduction summary comparison for the past 2 year -- to give an idea about the changes over the past 2 years . One columns shows 2003 numbers while the second column is for 2004.6 -RRB- Also likes the `` Your Bottom Line '' summary page which shows the complete Tax picture comparison for the past 2 years .7 -RRB- Audit Alert section seems to be comprehensive .8 -RRB- Also provide the ability to directly update the forms -- you can complete hide the forms if you want .9 -RRB- The only marketing pitch that I saw was related to ItsDeductible and the option to have the filing review by Tax Consultants.CONS : :1 -RRB- Help can be improved a lot more .2 -RRB- There was no way to go back to the summary screen that I mentioned in the PROs section .3 -RRB- e-Filing rebate -- just pay it if it is a valid tax return which was electronically filed . Ca n't be any sane reason to have customers fill up rebate forms when TurboxTax is the one confirming our online tax filing status.Afterall this is < $ 20 software -- it does what is supposed to do at this price and it does it well . I would recommend this software to other buyers .
 Several individuals have inquired as to whether the product comes with rebates for state download and electronic filing . I was aprehensive myself , but took the leap of faith and ordered it . I just received it and they are both included . Order before the deadline and get $ 10 off a future Amazon purchase , a $ 10 rebate on the software , and free state download and e-file with rebates included in package . Awesome deal . Do it before 2/19/05 to get your $ 10 shopping certificate .
 If you dread filling out income tax forms like I do , this is the software package to get . Before printing your completed forms , you can run a check to see if there are any red flags the IRS looks for . If something looks suspicious , TurboTax warns you and can fix the problem . You can also get advice in the Help Menu from several tax consultants that pop up in a little window with just a little too much information to listen to at one time . I recommend getting it unless you already have a good CPA .
 Just bought this from Amazon , have n't had chance to review it yet . But , I was confused as to the state rebate and here 's the dirt . Inside the box -LRB- deluxe edition , anyway -RRB- is a coupon for the state rebate , or you can do it online . You can either purchase it from a store , download it , or as a `` product shipment from intuit '' , whatever that means . In short , the rebate is there , up to 29.99 . Hope that helps , cause I know I was confused ... -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The producted was packaged well , was exactly what I wanted , received what I order and it was in great shaped when received ...
 This was an easy product to use but even `` smart '' people can mess this up lol GO TO H&R BLOCK or something like that especially if you itemize .
 What you get in the box
 I am sort of surprised by all the negative reviews . I found Turbo Tax easy to use and quick . It even contacted the investment company that I use and downloaded my earnings , sales and purchase history . From that point it calculated my income , dividends and capital gains automatically . When I remember how long this used to take - at least a full day -LRB- often more since I had to make a trip to the local IRS office to pick up forms that did n't come with the tax packet -RRB- this is simply amazing.One thing I found to be a negative was the rebate . -LRB- I really hate rebates since so many of them are scams . You fill out form and send it in and the rebate never comes -RRB- . Turbo Tax 's rebate procedure is just about incomprehensible . I filled out the online instructions -LRB- which constituted one internet page after another -RRB- until got to the point where the instructions simply made no sense based on what I had already done . I completed it as best as I could make sense of it but I am not holding my breath waiting for the rebate .
 I 've read several reviews that state TurboTax does n't : - allow state filing or downloads on Macs-update well-automatically import from participating financial institutions-etc . However , I never had any of these problems when downloading the state app. , updating , importing from my major finanicial institution and major employer . Just thought I 'd note a counter view to balance the negative reviews somewhat . It 's possible that I fared better bec . I was running the OS 9 install option instead of the os X install -LRB- but that usually is n't the case -RRB- . In '04 Turbotax seems to have gotten a facelift/interaction design change , and that alone caused me trouble . It was harder to use , but then I was used to the previous model and had learned it pretty well . Still mostly the same -LRB- e.g. , you can view by Forms or by Steps/Q & A ; mode -RRB- , but it seems to have been made more Web-like in its navigation style than before , which I do n't really consider a useful improvement in a non-web application.Still , it 's one of the easiest to use pieces of software out there , very easy to move around in and figure out what to do next , with tips where and when you need them . Lots of supporting information.Not sure if Intuit is messing with its Mac customers , but my sense is they do n't finish building this software until at least December of the tax year in question .
 I 'm really puzzled by the number and content of negative reviews of Turbotax on Amazon . Reviews on other sites are n't nearly so negative . I ca n't help wondering whether unscrupulous competitors are salting Amazon with negative reviews . Here are two examples that make me wonder : One reviewer complains
 Turbo Tax Deluxe is a decent software for pc users -LRB- although there appear to be numerous issues for mac users -RRB- . We have tried other tax software a few times in past , but always keep coming back to Turbo Tax as our returns require some extra forms the others do n't deal with as well.The instructions are easy to follow and most users will work through the forms with little effort . The state return can be purchased at the same time and ends up being `` free '' after sending in the completed rebate form . -LRB- You can also purchase Quicken 5 at this time the same way - making this a great deal -RRB- ! Bottom line - if your return is fairly straight forward - this will save you the time of filling out all the paper forms and slugging your way through the 1040 instruction booklet , etc. . If your return is more complicated and triggers additional forms - this software is a lifesaver as all the forms are triggered automatically and are tied together -LRB- anyone who has manually filled out the back side of schedule D , had their schedule A deductions reduced and needs to fill out the alternate minimum tax forms will appreciate this -RRB- . Is it perfect - no . Still , it is a pretty decent program that gets the job done .
 The download update kept giving me an error message after it hung at 68 % for a minute . I thought it was because the server was too ` busy ' , but then I tried it at 4 AM - same error message . I later found that it was actually my routers fault - there 's a MTU setting that needs to be set -LRB- mine is now set to 192 and set to active , you need to ` log on ' to your router to set this -RRB- . After I set it , I had no problems with downloading the update and finishing the return . -LRB- I 'm running Windows XP on a modern Dell PC -RRB- . Overall , the program is easy to use , but I would still recommend at least going over the entire return by hand . Since it 's not the Premier version , it may omit the opportunity for you to include items that will save you money , such business expenses , for example . And if your return is complicated , it 's likely you 'd be better off with an accountant or professional tax preparation service .
 TurboTax Deluxe 2004 worked easily for me . I did my taxes on a Mac -LRB- OS X , Jaguar 10.2.8 -RRB- following the whole process -- 1 -RRB- installed software on computer , 2 -RRB- downloaded updates and free state download , 3 -RRB- prepared fed and state tax forms , and lastly 4 -RRB- e-filed the completed returns . All went smoothly without a hitch . I subscribe to the automatic renewal plan . I prefer this method rather than having to go buy the boxes of software and clip out the proof of purchases for rebates each year . Thus , each year around Christmas time , I get the annual Turbotax CD by postal mail . Then when it is superbowl time , I remember to bring out the CD and do my taxes . I like to keep the process simple .
 This is the first year that I 've been able to just sit down and handle my taxes in one fell swoop . I 'm just an average taxpayer with an average WinXP machine , so it 's not like I was taxing the software , but this is the first year that I 've not spent a couple of anxious nights cussing it out waiting on either additional paperwork or the state edition to be available for download or something like that . So I 'm a happy and reduced-stress customer this year and will be back for more next year .
 I was discouraged to read some other reviews stating that the State Tax side of Turbo Tax did n't work , or work well , on Macs running OS X. My experience was just the opposite . I use an IBook running 10.3.4 and found that both federal and state -LRB- VA -RRB- Turbotax Deluxe worked perfectly . I recommend this product .
 I have never had a problem in any year with Turbotax . I will admit that they are continuously changing the interface , and sometimes not for the better . And I do n't like being asked several times to buy their products , especially It 's Deductible for non-money charitable contributions . But why is everyone complaining about sending in rebates ? Was there ever a time when you did NOT have to send in for a rebate ? At least this year they let you go online and fill in information which then print out a completed form for you . You still got State for free , a $ 10 rebate for TT , and a free electronic filing if you bought the Deluxe version . What do you people want , for pete 's sake . The software does what it is supposed to do for a reasonable price . Go ahead , try the other software . You will find like I did that TT is the best there is , even if it is not perfect .
 I ca n't for the life of me figure out why other Mac users have bashed this software . I used TaxCut for several years , but H&R ; Block only offers a premium version of TaxCut to Mac users and it costs about $ 10 more than the standard version . I decided this year to go with the standard TurboTax and I 'm delighted with it . TT installed on my Mac in no time . I was able to download my W-2 data as well as investment info from Janus and Fidelity in a blink.I downloaded the state -LRB- Georgia -RRB- software and it installed without a hitch . I had my taxes done and e-filed in no time and with rebates the state software and e-filing was free and I received $ 10 off the $ 39 price tag of the TT package . What a deal !
 i can import all my imformation , i import my work , merrill lynch records , imported state pin ID numbers.i do n't understand want a router would do , but i go thought norton , windows firewall , a router to a modem and do n't disconnect or disable anything.i just if you know how to vote you can use turbo tax .
 Makes Tax Preperation effortless.This indludes : Turbo Tax Federal $ 10 RebateTurbo Tax State -LRB- Download one state free after rebate -RRB- E - Filing Free -LRB- mail in rebate -RRB-
 Get a Mac ! All the probelems listed in this review section are from Windows users . Ever stop to think about that ? Win-doze stinks!They just release patch after patch . It 's muddled and out-dated . Get a Mac or a Linux machine ! You 'll be set free .
 I 've been using TurboTax on the Mac since 2001 . I 've never had a problem . I do n't have a very complicated return - the most complicated we had was the first year ... married/joint , many different sources of income -LRB- regular salaried , severence , unemployment and self-employed - it was a very strange year ! -RRB- , home mortgage , 401 -LRB- k -RRB- , 403 -LRB- b -RRB- , SEP-IRA , self-employed business expenses and write-off of worthless stock for a company that went belly up . I file electronically and have money auto-deposit or autopay . Have not had any problems.I have installed 2004 on my mac -LRB- G5 running OS 10 -RRB- without so much as a whimper . I 'm not worried about state * yet * . Seems to me that if Intuit is n't ready , I can wait . But I do n't plan to file until April . Not sure why folks are foaming at the mouth on Jan 13th - seems a bit premature and somewhat `` tantrumy '' to me.BTW , updates this year include an interview thing you do at the beginning that limits the number of forms you have to slog thru . It 's definitely an improvement over previous years . Definitely simplified it for me .
 I have read many negative reviews of TurboTax on amazon.com over the years but in my experience , this is a wonderful product for a minimal investment . Just the fact that using TurboTax on my Mac has freed me forever from having to hire a CPA to file my tax returns leaves me indebted to Intuit . I have used Intuit tax programs for over a decade and never had a problem I could n't resolve on my own . I therefore enthusiastically recommend TurboTax to all who wish to prepare their returns professionally without the aid of professionals.One note . Aside from the ten dollar promotional certificate offered by amazon.com when you purchase this product , Intuit offers two rebates that are not listed on amazon 's buying information page
 I went to intuit.com , and reviewed TurboTax Deluxe 2004 for Windows & Mac . It states very clearly that this version DOES include free state . It is also the first bullet point under `` Key Advantages '' . Yet it is stange that this bullet point is EXCLUDED from the manufacturer 's desciption on Amazon . Can anyone confirm if a free state download is included ?
 I 'm glad I did not read all the confusion before I bouht Turbo Tax . I just on a whim decided to go with it and I was sick of paying a service $ 200 plus to file . I found the program to be easy to install , easy to jump screen to screen , easy to play around and figure out what works best for YOU in the end . I loved it , best investment . Easy as 1,2,3 !
 I bought this product and was able to file my taxes , without incident , in a timely manner . I was really glad that I was not persuaded by the horrible experiences other people seemed to have with this product . My husband and I were able to file all of our taxes in two hours without having to leave the comforts of our living room . Turbo Tax Deluxe prompted us and walked us through all pertinent information . We answered the questions accordingly , printed out our taxes , and have filed by mail -- well before April 15th . Seriously , folks , if you can insert a cd-rom into your hard drive , you can use this software ... we had absolutely no problems .
 I have used TurboTax for the past 10 years , always with very good results . I itemize and have a few investments , but nothing heavy . The first couple of years , I continued to let an accountant do my taxes - the results were nearly identical , although 1 year I received $ 5 more refund following the TurboTax return . I used TT with PC 's up until 2-3 years ago when I switched to an iMac.Highly recommended .
 According to Intuit 's website : RESOLUTION : Remove the Multi-State CD from your computer 's CD-ROM drive.Click here -LRB- go to their site -RRB- to download the TurboTax_State_Update . hqx file , which will correct this issue.After the file has finished downloading , double-click the TurboTax State Update icon to install it.Click OK in the `` You can now install TurboTax state '' window , re-insert the Multi-State CD , and install your state program.MORE INFORMATION : This issue was resolved in the update -LRB- # 2 -RRB- released on January 6 , 2005 and should not appear in subsequent TurboTax Multi-State CDs that include this update .
 I have been using this software for so long that it 's not compatible with Windows 7 . It has outlasted 4 or 5 laptops . I 'm still looking for a patch so I can keep using it .
 I bought this for a friend as far as they have told me its what they were looking for and worked great .
 The Power C product is one of the wonders of the world . The product consists of a well written book and a diskette containing a working C Compiler that works in a Dos environment . For someone trying to learn the C programming language , it is an inexpensive software package and tutorial book . Unlike many compiler books , this one is stuffed full of working example code demonstrating the use of the library routines . Back when I used to sell a Dos compatible operating system , I used to bundle each copy of my software with this book and Disk . The book and disk sells new from Mix Software for about $ 19 plus tax and shipping so the prices here for used copies are even better . This product is a great deal for a student or hobbyist .
 I got this compiler about fifteen years ago . It really helped me get into programming . The reference book it came with was excellent and had extensive info on the big library of functions that this compiler ships with.I 'm not sure who is still messing around with programming C in DOS , but if this is your thing , give this compiler a shot .
 I used this compiler -LRB- as well as the K&R book -RRB- back in the late 1980 's to learn C. It 's a solid compiler , and I ca n't recommend it highly enough for the budding C programmer . If you want to really learn the language itself -LRB- as opposed to learning how to stitch libraries together -RRB- , you ca n't beat this one for the money . Spring for the debugger too ; it is indispensable .
 Back in the day -LRB- early 1990s -RRB- , I learned C programming with this little book and compiler . There was also a nifty debugger that was indispensible as well.If for some reason you 're wanting to learn C development -LRB- perhaps a college course or something -RRB- , and you truly want to learn the language -LRB- not a bunch of layers of UI shellac over the language like most IDEs provide these days -RRB- , you ca n't go wrong with this book and compiler . Every page was wonderfully written with each and every library function fully explained with demonstration code.This compiler is capable of producing very very tight low-level executables for DOS/Windows . I have nothing but fond memories of this thing , and truly wish modern app development could be so straight forward .
 This is a hilarious geography quiz game from National Geographic . Your hosts are Buzz Bee and Reginald . You can pick wacky characters to play with , such as
 Thanks for these map . Very beautiful . Strong > and priced appropriately . Ouseltna and at the right timethank you for amazonthank you for myus
 In my personal opinion it was simple to burn cd 's and i used it for all my cd 's without a problem . I only burned one dvd so i can not speak for the consistency in that case .
 good product.i purchased it for its cloning ability.the only thing is wheni clone my hard drive with my external drive the software unlables my external drive and i have to go to computer management to relable.not a big deal .
 I am an IT consultant and have 10 to 12 computers running in various configurations and combinations . It is just too much work to continually build and rebuild machines without using an image to restore after the first build . I used Ghost for a number of years until version 9 . The product just had become so bloated that it was barely useable . I want a slim product that can be launched from a USB drive , backup or restore , to different size hard drives if necessary , then shut down the machine and have the machine boot without issue.I have been using Perfect Image 12 since it was released . I work with Windows 8 Preview , Windows 7 , Windows Vista , Windows XP , Server 2003 and 2008 , SQL Server and a few flavors of Linux . I do n't use Mac 's but the product supports this OS as well . I 've installed the program on a Windows 7 Professional 64 bit laptop and let the program create a bootable USB which I use everywhere else . Though once or twice I 've had a machine not boot , one or two changes in the bios resolved these issues . So far the product has worked for me without significant issues.I sometimes use other Avanquest software most of the time with good results . I use to use System Suite by the company until I started using Windows 7 -LRB- 64bit . -RRB- The latest version at that time said it supported this OS but it never installed properly . This program also had too many features , some of which worked better than others . I was ready to drop it anyway.I have tried all the free Disk Imaging products available , including ImageX from Microsoft and found Perfect Image to be the easiest and most reliable to use.Perfect Image 12 has a good set of backup options if installed on a PC . I do not use it this way . If you just need to back up personal files , word documents , music , photos etc. , use a good online backup solution such as Carbonite . You should do this no matter how many backups you have at home.I do not doubt the negative experiences reported . There are just too many combinations of hardware and software for all systems to run with all new software .
 Will be very useful if I have to ever have to do a reinstall , It will save lots of time Individually reinstalling the programs
 works the best backup software that i have , i 've use it to restore my computer and worked excellent
 I found the TurboTax Premier worked well , and this state software was a seamless interface . I was not sure if I should install the State software before entering all my federal data , or afterward . I installed the TurboTax Premier -LRB- federal -RRB- software first , then installed the CA state software , then entered all the data following the interview method . Then both federal and state forms print out at the end -LRB- or e-file -RRB- . Easy to use , and I expect to use it again next year .
 With the addition of the this companion state filing , it makes it easy to complete your filing requirement because turbo tax transfers all your data from your federal returns . This is a must have if you use turbotax .
 I am not sure of R. Brenner 's problem , but Turbo Tax installed great for me . This is my third year using it . The first year , I tried both Tax Cut and Turbo Tax . TurboTax was much more easier to use and much more helpful.Turbo Tax is an excellent product . Do n't take my word for it.Ask PC Magazine -LSB- ... -RSB-
 THIS WAS MY FIRST YEAR USING TURBO TAX . I USUALLY USE A TAX ACCOUNTING SERVICE SINCE I HAVE A JOB AND A HOME BASED BUSINESS . I PURCHASED THE TURBO TAX PREMIER AT WAL-MART FOR ABOUT $ 60 AND THIS INCLUDED A REBATE FOR ONE FREE E-FILE AND IT ALSO INCLUDED STATE TAX , VIA INTERNET DOWNLOAD . IT LOADED ON MY PC -LRB- WINDOWS XP -RRB- WITH NO PROBLEMS IN UNDER 5 MINUTES . IT WAS A BLAST TO BE ABLE TO DO MY TAXES AT HOME WITHOUT WAITING IN A LONG LINE OR PAYING A TAX SERVICE UP TO 4 TIMES MORE THAN THE PRICE OF TURBO TAX.THERE WERE ONLY A COUPLE MINOR CONS
 I have a little concern that the CPA reviewer below might be a little biased since this item steals much of his business ... But if you are willing to take the time to go through the turbo tax interview carefully and are looking to save some dough , this software works well , and is very empowering .
 Highly recommended for its well-written tax interview . Especially recommended for people who are self-employed or who have rental income . My biggest complaint is how long it takes to prepare a tax return on TurboTax Premier.Clean user interface and understandable questions makes Turbo Tax easy to use . Generally , I get so fed up with interview-style questions that I switch to the forms mode and just avoid the interview altogether . The Turbo Tax interview , however , kept me so occupied answering questions that I did n't even think about switching to the forms mode until after the fact . I was very impressed with Turbo Tax 's `` Fair Market Rent Expert '' tool for calculating the fair market rent of a rental real estate property.My biggest complaint is the amount of time it took for me to complete a tax return . I measured the time starting from the moment I put the CD-ROM in the computer , so the time includes installation and tax preparation . It took me a little under one hour to complete a very simple tax return -LRB- 53 minutes -RRB- . A complex tax return took a little under two hours -LRB- 1 hour , 54 minutes -RRB- .
 This was my first year doing taxes for myself . I 've always been skeptical about using software to get them done , so I usually pay too much to a CPA to do them for me . After a lot of encouragement from friends I decided to give this a try . Other than some ESPP sales , my return was pretty simple . I bought the Premier version.What I liked : - Nice interview process . Of course , it helped that I had prior year returns that had been prepared by a professional , so I kind of knew what the questions meant . - Easy import of W2 and 1099 information . - A check to make sure the return contained no errors . - Online support from Intuit was very prompt.Some things I would have liked to see : - There 's a screen where it tells you how much you can contribute to a Roth IRA , but it does n't put the information on the instruction sheet when you print the return for filing . That would be useful.Bugs that I encountered : Basically lots of printing-related bugs . - When I tried to print from the file - > print menu , and asked it to print a return for filing , it only printed the federal return . I had to go to the `` print '' tab and print return for filing to PDF , and then it printed both federal and state . - I had the same problem when using the file - > print menu to print a copy of the returns and worksheets for personal records . So I just printed the federal portion using this . - The method for printing the copy for records -LRB- including worksheets -RRB- to pdf was not as straightforward as when printing the return for filing . I could n't figure it out so I used Intuit 's online support . However , even thought I followed the instructions from them , I found that it did not print all of the worksheets . I contacted them about this and was told to just print to paper . So I have to live without a pdf copy of my return containing all the worksheets .
 This last year was my first year of filing taxes for a rental , a sole-proprietorship , and the various small jobs I 'd held , plus my husband 's new job . It was a potential nightmare and I spent several restless nights thinking about it . Under recommendations from a bookkeeper friend , I bought TurboTax . It was great and I was able to get a significant return , which made the time it took to work through the sessions more than worth it . I finished my taxes in about four days , and for anyone with several PT jobs or potential complications , I 'd recommend setting aside a couple hours a day -- TT allows you to stop any session at any point and save the data , which lets you go back and proofread or reenter data as you wish . I could have finished my taxes without TT , but I highly doubt I would have saved much . TT 's deduction questionaires . I ca n't compare it to earlier versions , since this is my first year using it , but I was very pleased and I think that if you have several different sources of income , TT really helps you organize . In terms of user-friendliness , I think it was fairly straightforward . I used the Help menu a lot and was able to turn on and off the questionaire when I wanted to . If you are new to taxes or TT , then I 'd recommend working through it over a period of a week or so , just to verify all your information and think about possible deductions that you might be missing . Because of TT , I am now organizing all my receipts for my businesses in the categories that it suggested for deductions and feel fairly confident about next year 's tax season .
 I purchased TurboTax Premier and the state software . I was able to do a joint tax return of moderate complexity in one afternoon . The prompts and other messages were very helpful . I recommend this software .
 I have been using Turbo Tax products for the past 3 years . Unfortunately it has not improved in terms of help interface but it does what it is supposed to do . Briefly the pros / cons : : - PROS : :1 -RRB- Transfer Tax Return information from previous year . Do n't have to re-enter personal information SSN , DOB , existing dependent dtls etc. 2 -RRB- Updates Tax forms each time you start TurboTax to edit your return .3 -RRB- Includes new rules related to Cash Donations for Tsunami Relief i.e. Taxpayers can elect to deduct for 2004 , money donations made to qualified charitable organizations through January 31 , 20054 -RRB- Includes State and Local General Sales Tax Deduction details -LRB- new in 2004 -RRB- 5 -RRB- Provides -LRB- for exp . -RRB- Income Summary or Deduction summary comparison for the past 2 year -- to give an idea about the changes over the past 2 years . One columns shows 2003 numbers while the second column is for 2004.6 -RRB- Also likes the `` Your Bottom Line '' summary page which shows the complete Tax picture comparison for the past 2 years .7 -RRB- Audit Alert section seems to be comprehensive .8 -RRB- Also provide the ability to directly update the forms -- you can complete hide the forms if you want .9 -RRB- The only marketing pitch that I saw was related to ItsDeductible and the option to have the filing review by Tax Consultants.CONS : :1 -RRB- Help can be improved a lot more .2 -RRB- There was no way to go back to the summary screen that I mentioned in the PROs section .3 -RRB- e-Filing rebate -- just pay it if it is a valid tax return which was electronically filed . Ca n't be any sane reason to have customers fill up rebate forms when TurboxTax is the one confirming our online tax filing status.Will recommend this product to other buyers .
 Oddly enough , I filed my 2004 taxes in 2010 ... hummmm.Outside of the price - I was VERY surprised that after 5 yrs . this disc costed $ 80.00 - it was just as easy as all the other years I have used . I did n't have any problems and it did n't take long @ all ... fortunately I had all my papers from 2004 , I 'm sure that made it much easier for me ! Whew !!
 I am very please with the purchase of this product . I received it in a few days and was able to install it and use it with no problems what so ever .
 Even though no one is going to be buying this version -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , I decided to review it anyway -LRB- reviewing all items I 've ever purchased/used -RRB- . Unlike the current version -LRB- 2007 -RRB- of TurboTax , this one worked flawlessly . It installed quickly and was not a resource hog . Using it was very easy . Just answered the questions , plugged in the numbers and it did all the work . It was a bit of a pain to manually enter all my stock trades as I was an active trader at the time . Still , it calculated everything when I was done and I was able to efile my taxes quickly.I had no real complaints .
 I have used TurboTax products since 1995 , with the exception of trying TaxCut last year -LRB- which was a disaster -RRB- . Some years are better than others for the TurboTax software , but I found this year to be one of the smoothest overall for completing my taxes , which are fairly complex . The installation and updating went smoothly , and the interview questions seemed largely more focused and comprehensible than in years past , with the exception of a couple of situations involving foreign taxes paid and home office mortgage deductions -LRB- although I did n't have to deal with the latter -RRB- . The interview is quite in depth , and depending on the complexity of your return can take quite a while . One reviewer seemed upset with that , but I view it differently
 While the software could use a big user interface enhancement , it does the job and pays for itself many times over . If you give a lot of old belongings to charity it is invaluable and the dollar amounts are always more than I used to claim . I 'm starting to feel like Clinton with his $ 10 underwear.The peace of mind alone is worth $ 20 . It also saves time if you use it year-after-year and give to the same charities . If you do there is no need to research and update their contact and tax info as it is automatically retained from prior years -LRB- and of course feeds TurboTax.Intuit purchased ItsDeductible a couple of years ago . At the time it was already integrated -LRB- somewhat -RRB- with TurboTax . I 'll be interested to see how this year 's version is progressing .
 Keep your memories alive . Produce detailed family trees that you can pass on for generations . Family tree will allow you to store all your information in one safe place on your PC . You can update and edit as required.Discover all that you need to help you build a picture of the past . Family tree covers everything from analyzing family statistics including life expectancy and average number of children , to produce a wide variety of printouts . Create a multimedia album that will bring your family tree to life.Program supports GEDCON , the standardized file format for swapping files with other family tree programs.Select one of the pre-designed border styles and background papers and print your Family Tree.A page setup feature allows you to print your whole tree , one page , or zoom right in and print it over a series depending on the amount of detail required.ENTERING RECORDS - Enter all details of family members into the program . Identify their relationship with the rest of the family . Create birth , death and marriage certificates which can be printed with various predesigned borders.MULTIMEDIA FAMILY ALBUM - To create a real multimedia family album , attach photographs and sound files . Tell the story of a family life throughout the years using a unique timeline display of your pictures.CREATING TREES - Focus on an particular individual 's tree , organize them to be at the top or bottom of the tree and review their history . Add your pictures and sounds to complete your family tree .
 I bought the Internet Cop for an XP desktop connected to a fiber optic network . This is a great device , featuring two large `` red light '' `` green light '' buttons that let you take your whole system off the network with the simple press of a button -LRB- I used to manually unplug the network cable from the router when working on sensitive financial files to avoid malicious hackers -RRB- . The Internet Cop has really simplified my life . It 's given me a trusted , physical firewall that 's quick and easy to use . Push a button , off the network . Push a button , on the network . And it 's very obvious is you 're on -LRB- large green light -RRB- or off -LRB- large red light -RRB- . Cool!If you have to ask why you have to unplug from the network to avoid hackers , it 's time to do a Google search and learn a little more about your computer 's vulnerability while online even when protected by a firewall and/or virus programs ----- OR you can just buy one of these and trust that you really , really need one if your computer is not already equipped with an off/on networking switch . Think PHYSICAL FIREWALL -- hackers ca n't hit what they ca n't see .
 This is a fast and reliable method of disconnecting from the net . Sure , you can open three windows to turn the software off in windows or a Mac , but this is a physical disconnect without having to reach behind the machine or under the desk . The easier it is to use the more you use it , right ?
 I bought this software to avoid using accounting software for expenses and an organizer software for appointments . So far it is all that I expected for the price.Pro
 I bought this software for the address book feature as an upgrade/update to Day-Timer Address Book 2000 . Although as the other reviewer says there is room for improvement , I 'm very happy with the program . I was even able to use the import feature to bring in my info from DTAB . The import worked fairly well and saved me hours of rekeying.I miss DTAB 's double-sided printing wizard and have not been able to get Anytime to print properly on both sides of a page , but other than that I 've had no problems . I like the address book view page and the print layout views that looks onscreen like the actual printed book.I have n't used any of the other program features and ca n't comment on them .
 We have owned this product in Versions 7,9 , and 10 for our law office for several years . If you need for more than one user to access the program simultaneously , as we do in the office , the program networks seamlessly . You could pay a fortune for a multi-user calendar like this from other vendors . If you have more than two users needing access , you can buy a license . I have seen many complaints in these reviews about technical support ; I have e-mailed a couple of times and received a thorough response within 24 hours . The interface for the calendar and address book is easy to use . I highly recommend the program because of features , ease of use , and price . We recently bought a Palm Zire and synchronized it with this calendar ; it works perfectly .
 I actually bought this as a gift but I have it on my computer and love it ...
 I purchased this organizer and found it exceptionally easy to use . It 's well worth the price and I use it often . I saw a similar product at an electronics store at double the price that I paid .
 In the eight years I have worked in a church office , I have always used paper calendars and planners . I purchased this software two months ago and I do n't know how I did without it before ! The software does everything that I need it to do . I am especially impressed with the variety of printing options for calendars , to-do lists and combinations . It makes printing out weekly staff calendars a breeze . I also use the repeat option all the time for to-do items and dated events . The address book is a nice feature , though I have not used it extensively . I also like the notebook feature for quick lists . I do not have a palm pilot , so syncing it is for me , no problem . So far , this software , especially for the price , is invaluable to me !
 After some bad experiences with Tax Cut business software -LRB- which is much cheaper than the Personal + Business combo you must buy if you opt for TurboTax -RRB- , I have used Turbotax Business for 2003 and 2004 . I could probably handle a 1041 tax return with paper and pen , but the corporate return would be beyond me . It 's either tax software or hire an accountant.So I 'm perfectly satisfied with the software . What I do n't like is Intuit . I ordered TurboTax Business from the company last fall , and for months received no confirmation of my order . Then , toward the end of December , I received TWO copies in the mail . I returned one copy unopened . Then I was double-billed . At my request , the credit card company reversed one of the charges.Now , six months later , I find myself dunned by Intuit for the unpaid , unused , and returned software . The moral
 Frankly , I 'm surprised by the naysayers that reviewed this item on Amazon.com.This is the second year I 've used TurboTax products , and I 'm quite satisfied.In total , I 've purchsed three TurboTax titles and can honestly say that they are easy to use and worth purchasing . Since I last used the software two years ago , I have used an accountant and I am going back to Turbo Tax for 2008 .
 I read the reviews about TurboTax Business and they are all lies . I took my chance and WON . I 've NEVER done Corporate Taxes for my Business and this made the process as easy as my Personal Taxes . It answered every question I needed to know -LRB- even my penalties -RRB- . I can only assume that the reviews were done my Tax Accountants who do n't want to lose business to TurboTax.The software is EXACTLY like the Personal Edition but with different questions and descriptions relating to Corporate Taxes . Now that I understand which forms to fill out and what I can deduct I can better plan for 2005 . When you have a question about a segment , click the ` Get Answers ' Button and it gives you more information . I 'll be using TurboTax for 2005 .
 When I first saw this product I thought it was a more-or-less simple paint program . Not so . There are several features and tools which make this program quite powerful.Overview of use : a -RRB- Open a pictureb -RRB- Outline the areas you want to change , using the tools -LRB- see below -RRB- . c -RRB- Select a color or texture or surface -LRB- various paints , bricks or tiles , for example -RRB- to use in the outlined areas.That much is probably expected . Here 's what makes this software more powerful than you would guess from the advertising :1 -RRB- Fill tool . The first thing I thought of was `` well it would be a pain to outline everything on the mantel in the living room . '' Not to worry . Use the fill tool to select a color region to outline and it fills in the area with the selected color or texture or material . The `` fill sensitivity '' is adjustable , meaning if the color you are covering is not uniform , that 's ok , the tool allows some variation in the color/brightness to still be very effective.Other tools : a -RRB- polygon - uses straight lines and points to outline a region to be altered . All the polygon points -LRB- vertices -RRB- are adjustable.b -RRB- variable-sized square and circle `` brushes . `` 2 -RRB- 32 layers . Put your trim on one layer , your basic wall color on another layer , your accents on another layer . Name them and sort them as you like .3 -RRB- All your hard work is retained . You spent the time to carefully outline your color areas in the picture . You sure do n't want them to go away . They do n't . Save the project file and the next time you open it , you 'll see all your outlining is still there . You never need to re-do the outlining for the picture when you want to change colors , textures , etc. -LRB- and you should n't have to . They did this right . -RRB- Outlining becomes invisible in the Select Material mode , as it should , and becomes visible again in the Paint or Erase modes , as it should .4 -RRB- What about those shadows ? The program somehow figures it out . If the painted plank siding on your house had lighting shadows before the alteration , it will have lighting shadows after the alteration . If all you did was change the color of the plank siding , the planks are still visible , and there 's no need to outline each plank . Really nice .5 -RRB- `` Erasing '' tools . You just outlined the side of your house , but the new outlined region includes a window . No problem . Use the erase tool -LRB- polygon -RRB- and outline the window . There are also circle and square erase `` brushes '' . There is no `` fill '' tool which _ erases _ . I think Chief Architect could easily add this to help outline tough areas . Maybe in the next version .6 -RRB- Perspective adjustment . This is REALLY important . Say you want to change your concrete driveway to brick . Outline the driveway , drop one of the various brick or paver textures down and it would look stupid without being able to adjust the perspective . Not only can the perspective be adjusted , but the textures can be scaled in size vertically & horizontally , offset vertically and horizontally , and rotated . This is really powerful.One complaint , but I 'm not going to bring down the rating because of it
 This software is very useful if you are planning to do some painting and have no idea what colors you want . Using your own room photos you can change wall and ceiling colors at will . Great way to ` test ' out a color scheme before investing hard work and money into paint .
 This software is very easy to use and so helfpul for color studies and sharing by email . Amazing what it can do and they charged so little !
 I just bought this a few days ago , and can say it is very good . It only takes a few minutes to install -LRB- like 5 -RRB- and it scans really fast . Before I used this I used vexira anti-virus , which was ok , but this one gets updates to you easier and has virus definitions more often , to keep you up to date . I have n't needed it yet , but phone support is free -LRB- except long distance -RRB- . It has an easy interface , and can even cure your pc of viruses that overwrite the boot sector -LRB- make it so you cant start up windows -RRB- . I would reccomend this to anyone who needs an antivirus scanner for less of the cost and just as much ease of use and functions as the other more expensive ones .
 Have fun learning about the proper use of nouns ; verbs ; adjectives ; adverbs & interjections ; phrases ; clauses & conjunctions ; agreement ; and punctuation . Effective and easy !
 Window washer is a neat program that frees up alot of space by erasing un-needed stuff on your computer . It is a little to much money for all it does .
 I 've used the free version for years , but finally broke down and bought this for real . Very glad that I did . my buddy 's new used computer would take 4 hours to defrag and never get close to a quarter of the way done until he used window washer . He ran it 2 or 3 times and then it cleared the way for his defrag to work . His puter is running perfectly now
 Easy to use , does what it claims , many options for technical intrest or at the same time can be used very simply .
 This product works as claimed , and the interface is well designed and easy to use , with lots of customizing options . An update some time after I purchased went smoothly and easily , and online support forum is friendly , lively , and informative .
 This game is perfect for my son as he works on cars with his grandfather at his auto body shop . My son is 8 and it appears that he 'll get bored with the game fairly quickly as it 's not very challenging for an 8 year old . I 'd say that ages 5-8 would work best for this game .
 Allows children to create cars from all kinds of bits of junk . My son -LRB- 5 -RRB- has had lots of fun with this since getting it for Christmas . Also try the Crazy Machines game if you have a builder in your house .
 This game definately helps kids work on their critical thinking skills ! My son just turned 6 and I agree with another poster ... this is perfect for ages 5-8 !! Any younger and it would be too frustrating and any older and they 'd get bored . It is a slower-paced game that requires thinking and problem solving ! You create cars ... you help out the people in your town . . but you have to think . For example ... to get to a destination that you need to go -LRB- like a party you 've been invited to -RRB- you have to cross a muddy patch ... if you do n't have the correct tires , you ca n't go across . You have to find the right tires in the junk yard , but if they are n't there then you might have to go do some other favors for people and they will give you spare parts in return ... and maybe someone will give you the right tires !! Lots of fun ! Not your normal game !
 My four year old son absolutely loves this game . It took him a little while to figure stuff out , and I 've had to give him hits , Like when he could n't get through the mud I said that he must need some type of off road tires . He figured out which tires to put on his car . He also loves putting together different wacky cars and seeing what kind of score he can achieve at the car show . There 's still lots that he has n't figured out yet but I think over time he 'll figure it out . I do think he is a little young for this game , but there is still lots that he can do ... and he has lots of fun doing what he can .
 I purchased this on Amazon 2 years ago ... for my then 5 yr old son ... He played the heck out of this game ... and still does . My daughter just turned 5 ... and I found her playing this game the other night.Using the mouse can be tricky for little kids ... but both of my children were able to make the game do what they wanted to do ... and they still enjoy building cars and then rebuilding ...
 I bought this for my nephew -LRB- age 5 -RRB- - he and his sister -LRB- age 8 -RRB- both love it . It 's a bit different than many of the flashy , fast paced games available now -LRB- my sister described it as folksy -RRB- but it makes the kids think and is entertaining . It has worked pretty well on their Mac , although there has been a couple times when the screen has gone blue - ca n't see the picture but can hear what 's going on . On those occasions my sister had to restart the computer .
 As mentioned around the web in various places , the updates in 1.5 -LRB- and 1.5.1 -RRB- are significant . One the the most important updates is the the ability to manage referenced files -LRB- as apposed to importing files into the library directly -RRB- . I work with RAW files from my Nikon D200 which average around 10mb each . I currently have nearly 4 thousand photos in my library . Aperture keeps the thumbnails for the originals -LRB- masters -RRB- in a vault on my MacBook Pro while I store the actual raw files on a collection of external Raid 1 drives . The new tools in 1.5 make it easy to migrate images from my laptop to external drives and back as well as backup the entire Aperture database . The local thumbnails let me find images I want without having to mount each of my external drives . I can find the photo I want and pull up where the raw version is currently stored.As one of the others mentioned , go ahead and give LightRoom from Adobe a try , and while your at it give the free 30 day trial of Aperture a go as well . If you work with a lot of images especially from a mobile platform you will love Aperture.I worked with both back to back and found the Lightroom interface cumbersome and annoying at times . The stepwise workflow of Lightroom seems to be focused on the development process of a single photo . Aperture on the other hand makes it feel very natural to make quick adjustments or add metadata to a full shoot of photos without the extra fuss of switching modes . Features such as stacks and the Loupe tool are indispensable when organizing many similar photos.In the end I would give Aperture 5 stars except I believe it should not be so ram hungry . With 2GB of ram in my 2.33 Ghz MacBook Pro the performance is acceptable but it does not leave much memory for running other applications . Based on the performance updates in 1.5.1 I think the Apple developers may wring some more performance out of this application yet -- when that happens a 5th star may be in order . And as for Lightroom , I am sure that if Adobe thought it was actually ready for prime time it would not still be in beta .
 When I purchased my MacBook Pro I had no intention of switching to Aperture , but downloaded it and tried it out of curiosity . I have since sold my Lightroom license and am purchasing Aperture . There are specific reasons for that decision.First , I really like the feel of Aperture 1.5 better than Lightroom , it is more intuitive to me , and the whole project thing with light tables works great . I have ~ 10,000 images that I never did get organized with Lightroom and was able to do so in the first few days on Aperture.The intergration with other apps on the Mac is great - Aperture 1.5 -LRB- not 1.0 -RRB- creates hi-res previews of all my images -LRB- see speed note below -RRB- and I can work away from my files to update my website , email proofs , design , etc. . I keep all my photos on an external drive and leave them at home with me . When I am out of the house working , which is most days , I have my entire library with me without filling up my MacBook Harddrive . Once I need the hi-res file to either edit or send to a customer , I plug back in at home and work seamlessl . With lightroom I was not able to work unless the files were with me.I had expected Aperture to be slow , but it is not slow . It is very comparable to lightroom , really no difference to mention . There is ONE RALLY BIG CAVEAT ABOUT SPEED with aperture -- when I imported those 10,000 images , the import seem to go fast , maybe 20 minutes or so . BUT , it is not done at this point . In the background Aperture is creating thumbnails and hi-res previews -LRB- which can be shut off , but I need them -RRB- . That is alot of processing for any program , and in the background it ran for HOURS , without me knowing . When I closed Aperture it paused the process , when I restarted Aperture it resumed the process , so for the first few days that I used it , the speed was slow . Then I realized what was going on -- look in the window menu for SHOW TASK LIST , and you will see the progress.If others did not know this was going on and tried to get immediately to work in Aperture , they would think it was very slow . I wonder how many people have dumped thousands of photos in and used it for 30 minutes and then uninstalled it assuming it was slow ? Lightroom handled this much better , showing the progress in the corner and also was faster by default with the 1:1 preview turned off.In conclusion , Aperture works great for me on my MacBook Pro 17 '' . I love it and I 'm sticking with it . I do miss the vibrabce slider from lightroom , no question , and the develop module in lightroom is better , though not enough to stop me . I jump to photoshop cs3 when I need the vibrance controls.The best advice I can offer when making the decision between Lightroom and Aperture -LRB- or others -RRB- is spend the 30 days with them and see which one gets you WORKING and getting things done . For me , that is Aperture .
 I 've been working in both Apple Aperture and Adobe Lightroom , and though I really like Lightroom 's simplicity and design , I have to say that Aperture wins out in terms of image file management , which is very important for me as a wedding photographer.Aperture is a little harder to learn because it 's more fully featured than Lightroom , at least for now it is . Both applications offer very similiar features , but the smart folder and keywording features of Aperture are for more useful than the Collection features of Lightroom.Aperture is less linear than Lightroom . You can work in various different moduals without having to switch back and forth between gallery and digital development moduels like in Lightroom.I also like what Apple is trying to do with the solutions workflow in Aperture . It 's almost possible to complete an entire wedding project without having to leave out of Aperture , except to do additional enhancement work in Photoshop or for laying out an album . Aperture has an album layout and creation feature but its printed albums are not as high end as you find outside the program.Both Aperture and Lightroom have their pros and cons , but for now Aperture is still head of the game in terms of digital asset management -LRB- or DAM , as it 's popularly called . -RRB-
 I 've been using Aperture for about three months now and can only say that the transition has been amazing . Aperture comes with a free training DVD -LRB- watch on your TV or computer -RRB- which really helps you learn how to get the most out of the software.I 've gone from someone who only rarely edited photos due to the hassle of making duplicate copies , firing up Photoshop , wasting extra hard drive space , etc. to someone who edits more than half of my photos . Aperture only saves the recipe used to create the changes to your photos , but does n't make a copy when you edit - this means no wasted space , no wasted quality , and the changes are extremely easy to modify or revert later . The ease with which photos can be edited and organized in this program is phenomenal ! Features such as stacks -LRB- groups of similar images with only the top one showing -RRB- and the vault -LRB- to backup your Aperture library with one click ! -RRB- are wonderful . If you really want to use Photoshop , Aperture even lets you send files to it for editing with one click , and as soon as you save from Photoshop , they come right back into Aperture with the changes!The only drawback of this software that I can see is the CPU and graphics horsepower it requires . I use it on a 1.5 GHz G4 PowerBook with 1.5 GB of RAM , and it works well enough on JPEG images ; but feed it a bunch of RAW files from my 8 MP camera and it takes its sweet time ! I 'm sure this would run much better on a modern Intel based Mac . If your computer is any slower than mine , I would n't bother . But anything from mine on up should be fine.Come on - order your copy today ! ; - -RRB-
 I have been using Aperture since version 1.1 , and love it . The few issues/disappointments I had were resolved with version 1.5.x . In terms of my camera , it is Nikon 's top-of-the-line D2X . As such , the RAW files that Aperture has to deal with are large 12-megapixel images . And Aperture handles said images with ease . -LRB- Bear in mind that I am running Aperture on a first-generation MacBook Pro 17 '' laptop . -RRB- I also evaluated Adobe Lightroom -- both during Beta and after the 1.0 release -- and it is also a great program . But I much prefer Aperture 's UI , as it does not `` get in the way '' as much as Lightroom 's does . -LRB- Having to switch between Lightroom 's various modules -- Library , Develop , etc. -- tends to impede my workflow . -RRB- My personal preferences aside , both Aperture and Lightroom are outstanding applications . The only caveat is that both require powerful hardware when working with large RAW files.Bottom line , you may want to download the trial version of each , to see which is more comfortable . Otherwise , at least as of this writing -LRB- Aperture 1.5.x vs. Lightroom 1.0 . x -RRB- , both are evenly matched feature-wise .
 I hated 1.0 . It was slow and buggy . It forced you to store all your files in a single library on a single disk . The editing tools ranged from extremely difficult to impossible to use . It was incredibly expensiveThis latest release is what we were originally promised . The editing tools actually work . In fact , I find myself very rarely using external editing programs any more . You can use files that are referenced on other drives or even CDs or DVDs . The stacks are a usable tool . Some dangerous shortcut key combinations were revised . RAW file rendering is better . It runs like lightning , especially on the Intel Macs . It is reasonably priced.I have used Adobe Lightroom -LRB- beta -RRB- , iView , Extensis , and several others . Aperture is now the best . Lightroom has some serious catching up to do . Several features have not been implemented yet , and we do not have a timetable for commercial release . And it is now much slower than Aperture . iView needs to learn how to handle larger catalogs and fix its stability problems . Extensis Portfolio is just showing its age.Update , now that Lightroom has been released : In general , I find that Aperture performs most tasks faster than Lightroom . That said , it is hard to choose between the two now that all of Lightroom 's features are working . I have become used to Aperture 's workflow and so I prefer it , possibly out of habit . Note also that the new iPhone will synchronize with Aperture folders . Aperture exchanges files easily with iPhoto '07 and ' 08 . Importing new files is fast , especially if you are using an ExpressCard port or FireWire 800 . Aperture creates thumbnails immediately and then begins producing larger display JPGs , which can be a time consuming process . Aperture does not interface with tools like DxO Professional and provides no serious batch processing tools of its own . DxO Pro will crash if it tries to open files that are currently being displayed in Aperture . However , this is not a serious problem . You could , in fact , automate a workflow that imports files from a watch folder , sends them to DxO , and imports the resulting files into the correct project . This means that there is little reason to use anything but Adobe RAW in Aperture . You can archive your original RAW files and keep the much smaller Adobe RAW files to work with in Aperture . If you really need a camera RAW file , just retrieve it from your archives and import it into Aperture.I generally do not like an Aperture library of more than about 10,000 files , as it starts taking too long to load , so I create a new library when my library exceeds that . The `` manage files '' window still needs some work . Links can and do get lost in the ordinary course of things and the `` manage files '' window is supposed to help you restore them . Unfortunately , it is a little too confusing and it does not always work . A better `` manage files '' window is probably the only item on my wish list for version 2.0 . There are some interesting tools for automating your workflow in Aperture available now from third parties for free or a very low price . Some allow creation of a `` watch folder '' that automatically imports photos from your camera and displays them as they are taken -- very useful for studio work . You would also need your camera 's image capture software , of course.There are not enough books on using Aperture effectively . However , most of what is written about Lightroom or Capture NX workflows applies equally well to Aperture .
 I wanted a raw converter that allowed sufficient control and adjustments so that I could avoid the use of another program for printing -LRB- e.g. photoshop -RRB- . Aperture provided that and eliminated the use of iView Media Pro as my photo organizer . I tried Lightroom but Adobe cleverly left out some adjustment controls -LRB- sharpening -RRB- so that you still needed Photoshop . -LRB- Gee , I wonder why ? -RRB- With the demise of iView since it was bought by Microsoft , Aperture has filled the bill . I tried Bibble but it was not able to make conversions of high key photos .
 I 've used just about all the tools out there and I have to say that this one is really , really great . Some people complain about the user interface , but it 's the user interface that makes this a rock-star product to me . With no manual or instruction of any type , I was up and running with Aperture within hours of installing it and importing my 50 + gig worth of RAW photos . On my MacBook Pro -LRB- core duo -RRB- , Aperture is acceptably speedy processing large RAW files from my Canon EOS 5D . I now take my laptop to the field with me and feel that my workflow has never been better or faster . I ca n't wait for version 2 . It can only get better and better .
 Apple has again outdone themselves and created a terrific tool for organizing and cataloging photographs . There is a small learning curve , as to be expected with any product that provides so much flexibilty , but the user 's manual that came with the product is excellent and walks you through everything you need to know - easily and understandably . Some of the best money I 've ever spent .
 This is truly a professional level digital photography post-processing package . It is also excellent for handling and storing digital imagery . It sports several features that are very unique , for example if you already have a photographic file structure you can have Aperture pull the images without moving them and changes made to these images do not impact the original files.This is a must have package if you do digital photo post processing on the Macintosh .
 5 stars because it is a promissing new program positioned for very strong success due to Apples market position and its use , and availablity on its Mac computersThe good news : This is a great program for viewing , organizing and performing basic editing using RAW files . The presentation ablilities of this software are magnificent . I will mainly use it to organize , display , present , email , create slideshow or DVD 's , and maybe print from my databases on my Mac.For advanced photo editing features you will have to rely on other methods.The not so good news : Aperture 1.5 is the second in the line from Mac for Mac use . Photoshop would be the obvious choice for any type of advanced photo editing or graphics creation softwares . If that is your thing , get Photoshop or one of its dirivatives . Or install vmware fusion or parallels and work windows XP or Vista on your Mac , and use the wide variety of photo processing applications available for windows . You can save the file in RAW , Jpeg , Tiff or whatever , and then open it up in Aperture for any additional presentation commands within your Mac.Again hopefully this product is in its early development stage . The folks at Aperture must add a slew of editing features to remain relevant as other softwares catch up and exceed the demands placed by the new Dual Core technologies which are emerging.What it does n't do : Take Layering for example , or working with layers . Take one click auto fix commands for contrast , levels , lighting , sharpness , exposure etc. -LRB- somewhat , but very archaic -RRB- Along with macro adjustments for the same . How about one click Black and white , spehia , antique , negative or other conversions . iPhoto does it . how about a back and forth over changes command for quick do 's and undo 's . Where is Hue alteration -LRB- found it ! -RRB- , Diffuse glow , texture and color , copy , and clone features . Paint , text , edges , and filters . good gracious , where are all the filters ? Why cant you cut , copy , duplicate and paste from one pic to another?I guess it depends on where you have been regarding advanced photo processing features offered by all the variants of photoprocessing softwares . And what you are ultimately trying to create.This is 90 % workflow and organizing software/10 % editing.Again , Hopefully the folks at Aperture plan to expand this products capability before the plethera of available softwares make it irrellevant . It would be nice to have one software for everything . Aperture is just one part of the solution at this point .
 Having used both Adobe Lightroom and Apple Aperture , I have to say that I am more comfortable working in Aperture . It has something to do with not feeling locked into an interface structure that I do n't particularly want to come back to time and again . Aperture is open and I can accomplish what I need to do without feeling constrained .
 I am an amateur photographer who shoots a lot of RAW files . I bought Aperture because I liked the powerful organizational and correction tools , as well as the flexibility built into the work flow . I really like being able to tag my files with keywords during the import process . Stacks are a wonderful way to quickly reduce the number of photos at which I am looking . Non-destructive editing of my files is great and I really appreciate that Aperture conserves hard drive space by not creating a new file when I apply changes . Unlike Photoshop Lightroom , which I also tried , Aperture makes it easy to do the photo management and improvement steps in any order that I choose . The one big problem is that Aperture can be very slow . I have an Intel iMac with a 2.0 GHz Core 2 Duo processor and 3 GB of RAM . Aperture still slows down on a regular basis and makes me wait for it . The issue may be that I have only 128 MB of video RAM . I would recommend trying the trial version if there is any doubt about the speed of your Mac .
 This is a review of the newer version of Apeture.Ok so I purchased this -LRB- older -RRB- version of Apeture because I do not like spending a lot of money on software and I thought I could learn a bit about this application before upgrading to the latest version of Apeture . What I did not know was this version does not work at all with my iMac . After realizing that , I had not choice but to get the upgrade much sooner then expected . All this is no big deal cause Apeture -LRB- the latest version -RRB- is an awesome application . I upgraded from iPhoto which I also liked but I wanted something with greater image editing ability . I made the right choice with this program and I wound up saving a few bucks for not having to purchase the full version . Saving money is very cool .
 Like a lot of amateur photographers , I was wondering whether to make the leap and use RAW files or not . I decided to try RAW out , and in order to take advantage of RAW formats I got Aperture.So far , I 've found this to be a useful photo-processing program - certainly an improvement over iPhoto . Here are some of the highlights for me :1 -RRB- Easy to use adjustment tools . If you 've used iPhoto or any basic program , you can probably open Aperture and figure out how to use everything in 10 minutes . I remember years ago struggling with Adobe Photoshop and being confused out of my mind .2 -RRB- Good range of color adjustments available . I love being able to change the saturation of individual colors . The range does n't quite cover the entire rainbow -LRB- orange is missing -RRB- , but it is great when you want to adjust one color and not the others .3 -RRB- Aperture allows you to organize similar photos in stacks for easy access . Often , I take a series of photos of the same subject , changing shutter speed or f-stop slightly , to see which composition or exposure I like best . Stacks keeps all of these photos in a group so I can easily compare them later.Now , for the drawbacks :1 -RRB- The magnification tool -LRB- `` loupe '' -RRB- is not as useful as the magnification in iPhoto or other programs . First of all , it slows down the program quite a bit and every time I use it I have to wait about 20 seconds before I can continue using the program . Second , its minimum magnification is 50x , which is n't always useful -LRB- particularly if I want to see how a picture would look if cropped -RRB- . By contrast , iPhoto simply has a useful sliding bar that allows you to zoom in or out quickly .2 -RRB- Aperture , like many advanced photoshop programs , uses a lot of memory on your hard drive -LRB- ~ 1 GB -RRB- and ram . Using it slows your computer down . It has already crashed twice on me over the course of 24 hours . This certainly is n't a reason not to get it - I would just warn you against getting it and storing it on your computer if you do n't expect to seriously use it .3 -RRB- No full-screen editing mode .
 How quickly people forget the pain of managing RAW images with just the operating system and a copy of Photoshop . Thanks to Aperture -LRB- and its subsequent imitators -RRB- managing -LRB- and interacting with -RRB- huge RAW libraries becomes invisible and easy.I specifically like the full-screen mode , which puts the images front and center . Likewise , the Loupe tool lets you check focus on an image without taking the focus -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- away from the photography . And you can make changes to the images without having to convert them , then edit them , then hit Save-As everytime you have a new idea . Aperture is completely non-destructive . The RAW image is loaded and adjustments to it are tracked seperately -LRB- yet seamlessly -RRB- so that you never have to worry about losing your master.There 's a lot more in the app beyond these things , which is what makes it such an amazing piece of software . Its a digital SLR 's best friend .
 Nice set of features . Pretty good raw converter , however noise reduction algorithms can be improved . Major drawback for me is under heavy usage - Aperture -LRB- with latest patches etc -RRB- regulary -LRB- once in couple of hours -RRB- crashes .
 This is a powerful program with FAR more pros than cons .
 This game is so cute and satirical and entertaining . Even as a mom , I got sucked into playing it once for over an hour ! It 's cute and it 's for both boys and girls . I highly recommend this to anyone and give it as a gift whenever possible .
 My 4 yr old son & I LOVE THIS ! He has n't even played it as a game yet . He calls it a movie . It 's like having a moving book read to you . Each page is full of cute and hilarious animations you can click on . Many reference grown up shows such as
 My daughter 7 loves it . And it works on XP !! Just need to right click and choose properties and compatability . Very sun detective game for young kids : -RRB-
 Though I love this program you should download the demo and try it first . My two Windows computers developed a problem that no backup program I tried , including this one , could handle so I 've switched to an Apple computer.I bought Acronis True Image about a year ago and always wondered if it would really save me and it did.I deleted my user account under `` manage '' of the Windows XP system -LRB- right click -RRB- and lost all my personal data though the machine booted , a total disaster!So I used their boot disk , the one they have you build with the program . It started up to the CD drive -LRB- you may need to startup while holding down F2 -LRB- or maybe ESC key -RRB- to get into your machine 's bios to adjust it for a `` CD before drive-C '' startup operating system search.I booted into their boot CD , answered some questions , you have to be careful since it asks for which partition but I only have one partician so no problem . My Acronis backup `` Image '' was saved on a second system drive but it will also see USB drives , connected externally to the computer , where I have a 2nd backup also.It took a while and gave a `` 11 seconds until done message '' but it took another 5 minutes or so so do n't cancel out too soon!I 'm back to perfect working order ! Saved my bacon unlike all the other programs I tried . Have used Norton before , 2 years ago , but the operating system gave weird messages after startup that I do n't get with Acronis . Perfect Image restore as far as I can tell . It really works in my experience unlike the other junk I tried.I highly suggest you do a nightly incremental Image addition of each days work as they suggest , which I did n't so I lost one day of my work since the last Image backup ... lucky me I 'd Imaged the day before!Thank you Acronis for a great product , without it I would be switching to Apple for its more dependable operating system.11-2007 Update
 Apparently Norton Ghost and Microsoft 's Media Center 2005 give each other indigestion , so I uninstalled Ghost and went looking.What attracted me is that Acronis True Image restores applications as well as psersonal files . I have a 1-year-old HP Media Center 2004 . When I have to do a full system recovery , I have to run the HP discs , then download and install several HP patches AND nearly a hundred Windows updates . At this point I install SP2 , several more Windows updates and THEN I can install my Media Center 2005 upgrade , and another pile of Windows updates . Now I can start installing about 80GB of applications!That procedure is about 2 days work . A couple of weeks ago I had to do a recovery in order to get back some drivers I had mistakenly deleted . I had an Acronis image on an external hard drive . I asked the program to restore that image . It took about 90 minutes - and everything worked perfectly.I have n't tried the other stuff it will do , just that one recovery . That - all by itself - was worth it !
 I am a software tech . I got Acronis 9.0 by mistake . Afer HOURS of messing with it - I figured out how to do a PROPER 9.0 install/run . I posted a `` highly technical '' PROPER install/run procedure , in my Acronis 9.0 review . PRINT IT OUT!Procedure should adapt ... , for 8.0 too !? Scott : o -RRB-
 This software is helping me learn sign language . I have practiced for a long time . I practce in front of the mirror . I have two friends who are deaf and I talk to them in sign language . I really love this software because it 's very cool !
 just like going to college for chess ... and you can repeat a few times ... then take a couple of midterms by playing in some minor tournaments ... and the final at a major event ... or use the budget way by playing against crafty the computer 2600 GM that comes with the dvd ... for the lazy player who wants quick boot camp style instruction ... just the essentials ... who can remember the numerous sub-sub-sub-variations in dense books ... excellent review just before a tournament ... see heard and learn in 4 hours ... and soon you think and talk chess expertly with a russian accent
 I concur with the initial reviewer . Roman spends enough time so that you have a feel for the openings . An excellent video in comparison with the Polgar videos -LRB- which are the only other ones I own -RRB- .
 So far I have only used one disk . Another poster said to learn the japanese syllabary first , by using the Human Japanese disk , so that is what I did . It is a wonderful program , this Human Japanese , and I have very much enjoyed learning from it . This program was worth it for just this program , and I hope the rest is just as wonderful .
 Konnichiwa ! I really love this Japanese software ! It is a lot of fun playing games and to do speaking practice . This software is helpful for me.CD # 1 is Talk Now . I really love it ! If you are new in any language it will help you learn in any language you want to learn.CD # 2 is Talk More . It is really cool ! I really love this CD!CD # 3 is World Talk . You really have to use your listening and speaking skills for this CD . But , I really love this one too.CD # 4 is Human Japanese . I really love this CD ! This will give you a good review from your study.Finally , CD # 5 is JpQickTrans . It is a dictionary , study guide , and you can also practice writing Japanese!This software is really awesome ! I really love it!Sayonara !
 I hate scanners . They 're slow , cumbersome , and incredibly inefficient . I always end up with a document that 's garbled and filled with incoherent symbols . Worse of all , I spend a ton of time proofreading and retyping words -LRB- sometimes complete paragraphs ! -RRB- that for some reason or another got lost . Somehow OmniPage Pro 12 Office gets it right . Matched up against other scanning software , it 's surprisingly accurate and features a lot of practical bells and whistles . My favorites
 More accurate than any other scanning software on the market . Equipped with a bevy of good features , many of which you 'll actually use . Can even scan and manipulate PDFs . This feature alone is worth the price , which is very reasonable given the power and performance . Have purchased ScanSoft products before for their speed and reliability . Omnipage Pro 12 Office is another impressive leap forward . Highly recommended .
 Powerful software with multiple functionalities . Easy to use and exceptionally accurate . Favorite options
 As the office manager of a small , family-owned insurance adjusting company , I 'm constantly receiving contractors ' estimates via fax and mail . In the past , I had to make numerous copies for our records and to send directly to different insurance companies . OmniPage Pro 12 Office has eliminated a lot of my busy work . The scanning is top quality and seldom requires much proofing . I save all of our files in Word and Excel and e-mail them as attachments to our many clients . This saves on paper and time , giving me an opportunity to better serve existing clients and seek out new ones . Very fast and efficient ; it has proven a good investment .
 Love this software ! Very accurate , fast , and easy to use . Let 's me convert all my files into HTML and quickly update my company 's Web site . Can do a ton of cool stuff
 An impressive upgrade . Even more accurate than version 11-nearly perfect , in fact . Nice number of editing tools make proofing easier and more efficient . If the software does n't recognize a word , it shows it in boldface ... also recognizes several foreign words , legal and medical terms . Read-back feature -LRB- computerized voice actually reads back your scanned items -RRB- is unique and helpful . Very pleased with the conversion of PDF files into documents I can edit and alter ... PDF files usually drive me nuts , but they 're more manageable now . Very happy I made the upgrade ... well worth it !
 A real time-saver . I send literally hundreds of PDF files to clients every week . In the past , I 'd create a design , e-mail a PDF to them , and they 'd call back with suggestions and changes . A lot of telephone tag and a lot of redesigning . Now I have them fax or mail me their specs , I scan with OmniPage Pro 12 Office and then create a PDF with their exact specifications . Works exceptionally well and cuts down on translation mistakes . I can also convert files into HTML and post them on our Web site so clients can view our proposals whenever they want . Still learning the software-there 's a lot of great features here-but I 'm very pleased so far . A stellar addition to my workspace , thumbs up !
 Strong update of an already user-friendly , proven product . Some good new features here , like recognizing over 100 foreign languages and conversion to XML . Still very fast , very powerful , and very accurate . Easy to edit documents after they 've been scanned ; even PDF files and spreadsheets are manageable-no small feat ! Can also convert easily to HTML ; definitely makes life easier for our Web masters . Also pleased that it can save documents into several word processing programs , not just Word-hey , some of us -LRB- where few and far between , I know -RRB- still use WordPerfect ! Every bit as good as its predecessor and worth the upgrade . Five stars .
 I bought this for my brother who just bought a house and is needing his lawn done . When I gave this to him , we sat there for a long time Playing with the Program . It did n't really come with instructions , however , we managed to figure it out by trial and error - some designs throughout our adventure we had a good laugh as what we were trying to do came out wrong . We finally got it and he has been able to create a gorgeous lawn . The oPtions available to create exactly what you would want are all in this Program . Well worth it ! Also fun to work with . I would recommend this to everybody .
 I have tried many different types of iPod software , and Boom Box is the best of them all . The Audio Hijack and CD Spin Doctor portions of the software are worth the $ 50 each by themselves .
 We originally setup the Easy Child Software program to use with our 5 year old and now we are adding our 3 year old into the system.We have used EasyChild to help instill values in our son of honoring others by his actions and words.We not only focused on daily chores and expectations but used it to focus on how he treats others and his family.EasyChild has been a much more positive method to focus on earning points to obtain the privileges he enjoys rather than a negative approach where he loses privileges when he does n't do what is expected but no incentive to have good behavior.I have also been extremely pleased with the customer support your company offers.I reached a `` live '' person immediately when I needed help restoring my backup onto a new computer.The information they provided helped me to get the program up and running that day.They also followed up the next day to make sure I did n't need any other assistance.Very impressive with the lack of good customer help that I have seen with many other software programs.Thank you for making a difference by helping families train up their children using a positive approach.I have been able to share with other parents about the program when they are looking for something that works at home .
 I have three kids 9,6,2 this program has been a lifesaver for our family our youngest does not have a preset one I believe the youngest one is for three and up but our kids have been doing this for almost a month now and have had huge improvements in the whining dept and fighting with each other . They now fight over who gets to help with doing chores and earning points It took about 45 minutes to set it up and every day about four minutes to do both childrens points I do it once a day for the most part.I have not figured out how to set it up for vacation schedule for this program yet but I would recommend this program I have had other parents asking about this . I did have a friend of mine check out the professional version and she loves it .
 I find Easy Child to be an convenient way for me to organize chores and the things I expect out of my children . I want them to learn that you do n't get something for nothing , so it is great to tie their cooperation around the house to their income . They are slowly learning to take responsibility for themselves , and their rewards are going up . The reward system , linking the overall points earned to special priveledges , is good but I have n't figured out quite how to impement it in my family . Fortunately , the program is flexible . I do highly recommend it if you want your children to become more independent and self-motivated in their household duties .
 It is amazing to see the difference . I have great kids , but they do n't always listen . In just a short time after using EasyChild , my daughters are finally keeping their rooms clean . With EasyChild , my children no longer argue with each other or me . The girls are doing great and love the allowance portion of the chart . As a single mom , I am very busy , working full-time and running the kids around to their activities . For me it was all about saved time and getting chores done around the house . I have much more free time now . Easychild has reduced my parenting time from 2 hours per week to less than 1/2 hour . I love spend time playing and having fun with my daughters rather than reminding and reminding over again . It is a great product , every parent should try
 We sat down as a family and set up this software . My ADHD son bought into the whole process and has been doing great for three weeks . We still have minor upsets but it is working . He even once told on himself that he lied to another kid and should have his points taken away . Got ta love um . The software has made life easier at my house .
 Easychild has really simplified my child 's Positive Behavioral Support plan and tracking . It can be counter intuitive to use , and I wish I could print out the next weeks point sheet on Friday . The integrated tools are an extreme improvement over the Microsoft Excel worksheet we were using . My youngest child , who does not have the special needs my oldest does , is responding very well to it . I would love to see a diary function , or an ability to record and track incidents without consequences . I think this is an excellent tool for parents to keep track of discipline issues and reduce power struggle . It will not work if the parent does not make the commitment to it , however .
 It does seem to be a good program as long as the kids want to participate . I like the fact that now with our 8 and 10 year old we give them an allowance based on their performance . It is much easier to keep up with allowances this way .
 Our twins are 7 . They responded immediately to the process . We experienced very positive results . The product was easy to load and flexible enough allow us to customize the charts to fit our needs . Excellent product . Highly recommend !
 I could n't disagree more with the reviews bashing this software . I 've worked with numerous accounting software packages and this is my favorite . My opinion is Quickbooks is a MUCH more difficult to use , and not at all intuitive . Do not be persuaded by these horrible reviews . Peachtree is a stable , complete and well respected software package.With any software there is a learning curve . Quickbooks , because of it 's wide following , tries to be everything to everybody . It is overly complex , and not easy to learn . Peachtree focuses on small business , virtually exclusively . It does n't make accounting overly complex like Quickbooks . The reality is , you must have SOME accounting knowledge to use either product effectively . While Quickbooks might `` seem '' easier to the untrained , the reality is , if you 're untrained , the end product will be garbage . Just because it 's easy , does n't mean it 's right.If you learn this product , not only will you be able to handle your accounting , it will be right . Just because the masses are heading to Quickbooks , does n't make it better ... . Think for yourself . This IS excellent software.Good luck ...
 This software is a professional level tool for persons educated and trained as accountants . Not for novices or small business owners trying to do their own accounting work .
 Peachtree is awesome . I 've used it for years !! I just tried quickbooks pro 2008 ... and I hate it . I ca n't imagine why anyone would use it over Peachtree ... it must be the promotion , because it 's certainly not the product . I 'm staying with Peachtree Complete !!
 I 've used Quickbooks and Peachtree . Peachtree is usually less expensive . But that is not important . What is important is that Peachtree was designed correctly from the ground up . If you do some research and find out about the design of Quickbooks , you will discover that it was designed and set up incorrectly . It uses one big gigantic database for all entries in all years . This is a huge mistake for an accounting system unless you are a very small company indeed . I ca n't speak to the top-of-the-line enterprise programs . But the consumer level Peachtree is a REAL accounting program which evolved from highly sophisticated -LRB- and very , very expensive -RRB- accounting programs in the DOS era , whereas Quickbooks can be thought of as an accounting program that grew out of a check-balancing personal finance program . Quickbooks ca n't be ignored since it is so popular . But Peachtree is a bargain since it is a much better program with more features for the money .
 It 's now obsolete ... or is it ? I use it on Windows XP and Windows ME computers -LRB- do n't want to spend the money on Windows 7 -RRB- . It works great . Here 's the thing . You can buy a lot of different accounting programs out there . But Peachtree actually TEACHES you REAL accounting ... it is not a toy ... it does n't try to `` hide the complicated stuff '' . It will take some time and effort for you to learn it . But it will be worth the effort because 5 years from now it will still do everything you need . If you HAVE TO HAVE the latest and greatest ... then go ahead and get Peachtree 2011 . But if you are still using windows 98 or me or xp ... Peachtree 2006 is the last version that will work on those systems . Another option is the free Peachtree version ... but that does leave out many features . However , even the free version of Peachtree is better than free versions from other products ... it does n't limit number of customers or surprise you with other limitations .
 We was looking for an Accounting Package for our business , and we find Peachtree Accounting 2006 that is great for our use . We currently using to carry the accounting of our business . We reccmmend it
 My kids loved this game when they played it about 5 years ago and were very happy when they found it on Amazon and could purchase it . It is a fun game .
 i ENJOYED THIS GAME ... . BUT ... . something is MISSING on it ... . the graphics are PRE - RENDERIZED that makes the grafics GREAT and SUPERIOR * compared to the other games from that time period * But at the same time it KILLs the REPLAY factor since everthing happens the same way EVERY TIME > . < If you are into CLASSIC / OLD games buy it ... . it 's a nice game to pass the time , it 's NOT a wast of money ... . but it 's not GREAT either
 I was cautious about this program and if it would work . I have a Motorolla phone and at first I had some difficulty but after a few tries it works wonderfully ! I have made about 6 ringtones and all have successfully went to my phone . What the instructions do n't tell you -LRB- at least in my case -RRB- is that once the ringtone is created you download it from a website . If you enter the website manually into your phone it did n't work for me . However , if I let my phone choose `` go to site ; '' it downloaded perfectly ! It was worth the time . You do have to be able to download from the web with your phone and receive text messages . The program sends your phone a text message with the web link .
 This interactive CD , designed to accompany the Tutankhamun exhibition currently touring the United States , provides a lot of information not only on `` King Tut , '' but also on both ancient and modern Egypt . The interface is very `` user friendly , '' and the various photos , games , and dialogue boxes are great fun . The CD works well on both my MAC and my partner 's PC .
 What an amazing program.It comes on CD-Rom and absolutely no installation is necessary . it runs right from the disk and is really informative . It has lots of beautiful pictures and heaps of well organized information.The CD also has some really funny games , for example the mummylator , and several puzzle and thinking games . It really is a lot of fun and amazingly fascinating .
 -LRB- Review -RRB- This very useful and easy interactive learning program on CD was created to accompany the exhibition `` Tutankhamun and the Golden Age of the Pharaohs , '' of the celebrated boy pharaoh , of more than 130 treasures from the tomb of the so-called Egyptian king Tut -LRB- see tour information below -RRB- . However , this edutainment CD is not an exhibition guide , but informs in a playful way about the ancient Egypt . It offers a multifaceted view of ancient Egyptian life.The CD includes such themes as `` Kemet - the Land known as Egypt '' , `` Pharaohs '' , `` Tutankhamun '' , `` World of the gods '' , `` Cult of the Dead '' , `` Hieroglyphics '' , and `` Egypt Today '' . A glossary provides explanations and definitions of the most important terms . The Bonus Section offers power point presentations for use in the classroom , synopses in PDF format and pictures to color for our youngest Egypt fans.This CD comes highly recommended , especially because it illuminates a variety of thematic areas with respect to Egypt and provides knowledge in an exciting and fun manner . It never gets boring and , as already stated , it is not simply another in a long line of consumer products . Great fun . -LRB- Tour information -RRB-
 The Egyptians believed in many gods and in a perfect eternal life after death . Egypt was the longest lived civilization in the ancient world . Their ancient culture along the Nile River in northeastern Africa began about 3,300 BC and thrived for over 3,000 years . The Tutankhamun Interactive CD ROM is a tool for learning and entertainment and invites users to take part . I love it.Hiragana Yashimoto
 I bought this version of Peachtree 's accounting program because I had to re-construct some previous years records due to a computer failure , and the 2007 version that I had installed would not permit me to go back beyond the previous year . So basically , I was/am using both the 2006 & 2007 versions , on different computers , and frankly , I think that I like the 2006 version a bit better -- and it was considerably cheaper ; the 2006 version offers the same 30 days tech support and updates as the 2007 version .
 It may not be as slick as QuickBooks but the set-up and registration was easy enough for someone with accounting/bookkeeping experience . Some day I will even have to read the manual !
 The best of the Treasure Planet series , you have to maneuver a little pirate on the levels of a deck , jumping over large rodents and rolling canon balls . The object is to collect as much treasure and get to a goal post before time is up . It is relatively easy to play and low in violence . Can be done by a 4-year-old but probably best around age 5 and older .
 This game alone is fun enough as a short-term diversion . You have to maneuver a boat along a racing track , collect tokens , and out-maneuver other boats . It requires some keyboard skills -LRB- approx . age 5 and older -RRB- but my 4-year-old can tag-team play with me ; I steer and he hit the accelerator key . It has different `` race tracks '' to choose from which adds variety . If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive , easy game with no violence , this one is appropriate -LRB- age 4 - ? -RRB- . Better with the companion games in the Treasure Planet series -LRB- Etherium Rescue and Broadside Blaster -RRB- .
 A Must Have For Your PSP ! Movies & More 2 lets you convert movies , video files , photo albums and music to use on your PSP . Using your PSP Memory Stick , your favorite media is converted quickly and easily , while retaining high quality sound , images and video playback.With Movies & More 2 PSP 's easy to use menu , you 'll have your movie ready to go in a matter of minutes . On your Windows XP computer , choose a file to convert from your local hard drive , OR directly from a DVD . In 2 SIMPLE steps , you 'll be enjoying incredible sound and images anywhere to take your PSP.If you own a PSP with a memory stick and have a computer using Windows XP , and want to save a bundle on the movies . BUY THIS SOFTWARE !!!
 This is the easiest way to print Avery brand labels , name tags , tab dividers , andmore ! It merges info fast from Microsoft Word and suggests just the right font and alignment . It remembers the most recently used list too for dual projects . The sealed box contains Avery supplies and labels so you can try different ideas out without investing in 100s of labels first !
 System Mechanic 6 Standard has been nothing but golden to me . Sorry to hear so many have had trouble with it , but it installed and runs perfectly for me and helps me maintain my computer on a weekly basis.I find the interface user friendy and the menus nicely laid out , and the utility wizards work nicely and with effeciancy . It cleared junk files from my computer , found almost four gigs of duplicate files for me to consider , checked my hard drive for errors in need of repair , and fixed , compacted , and cleaned my registry . It also has a few nice Explorer tweaks that make using Windows more conveniant . Such as making your entire computer accessible to you by adding a folder tree to the left side of Windows main folders and Control Panel . This is really handy for navigation through your files and is a less irritating way of getting to where you want to go around your computer.I also appreciate it 's Advanced Start Up Programs and Advanced Process Manager features . These two features provide insight , information , and control over every aspect of what is running on your computer . The Advanced Start Up Program feature found a peice of persistent malware/spyware that I would see pop up from time to time in Spybot and HiJack This scans , but which could not be eliminated . I scoured and searched my computer manually and could not find or trace the file/folder that contained this pest . System Mechanic 6 detected it , opened the folder , and allowed me to manually delete it . Good deal.So far as people complaing that it runs in the background or they ca n't shut it off or it 's a resource hog , well , that 's not true . I use it once a week , it does n't start with my computer , and it uses no resources unless you are using it , or want it to run in the background . Which I do n't . Who would ? You can use this program as you wish.I have a pretty ordinary computer . 5 browsers , 3 IM services , MS Office Pro , Trillian , a music service , games , a few Photoshops , two skinning programs , Google Desktop , Yahoo Widgets , a graphic design program , MS Money , a few word processing programs , and all the other computer stuff . Not to mention the little fun programs I 've picked up from the internet over the years . Utilites , services , small cosmetic programs to enhance the Windows theme . The usual stuff , but it adds up . I have 24 processes running at start up . And that 's with an AV program , a firewall , and anti spyware program running.Point being I had 27 running before using this product . Which means my computer was well managed before I bought this product . This product is not a miracle worker . It will not bring a dead or grossly mismanaged computer back to life . It will not rid you of viruses or stubborn spyware . Nor will it compensate for user error , and it warns you and backs up your changes throughout . But if you are looking for a good utility program that will help you maintain and improve the performance and quality of your Windows OS , look no further then System Mechanic 6 . It 's as good as any other program like it , and better then most .
 This is the better utility software I ever used . The other I used was Norton Systemworks 2006 . Systemworks slowed me down too much and were not even 100 % compatible with its earlier version of internet security . I do n't think systemworks works for me any way . By comparison , System Mechanic 6 does do a much much better job . It makes my computer run faster and so easy and fast to install and I like it a lot . I will recommend whoever wants to buy a similar product to go to the manufacture 's website and try it to test if it works for your machine . For those who do n't have time to do the test , I suggest you buy SM6.For those who already has antivirus or antispyware that you are used to , this is the utility software that does the job and you wo n't feel the difference except running faster after you installed it .
 System Mechanic has been a favorite of mine for years because it allows you to control which programs are loaded at Windows startup . Version 6 is a big step up from previous versions in its diagnostic capabilities and info screens . I like it , though it takes a bit to understand the greater detail . It also throws in more capabilities in other areas -LRB- such as spyware -RRB- and has added a new automated complete cleanup features.Version 7 is available , but having 40 computers to oversee , I like the low price of last-years version . I 've read reviews that say SysMech is too agressive in deleting registry junk , but I find its good/bad filter to be flawless . Never any complaints from users . A great tool to clear out Windows accumulated junk .
 Plus
 This was an upgrade from previous version , for me . I like this product a lot . It does things other `` utility '' suites do n't -- free up ram , remove software from boot process , etc. .
 I use this product and have read the horrible reviews it has received.If you are a computer novice and have never maintained your computer it is going to be frustrating to install this and have it thoroughly repair/improve your system . It will take a long time to do the initial job -LRB- on both of my systems it took the overnight hours to complete the process -RRB- and I am sure many novice users would get frustrated long before then and give up . I have been using computers since the late 1970 's . However , I have noticed improvement in my system performance since completing the process and recommend this product .
 Even though this is still a 1.5 version , InDesign is really a must purchase piece of software for the print publishing professional . I have n't set type this beautiful since I was forced to toss my old CompuGraphic phototypesetter.This is software where Adobe really listened to the pros and made us an application that we can really use . I think it blows Quark out of the water . It contains almost all of Illustrator , so you can really just add FreeHand for vector necessities that are not covered in InDesign like blends , Flash exports , attaching blends to paths , and the path combination filters like Union , Punch , divide , and transparency.It is still missing such necessities as a story editor , table of contents , tables , and indexing . But they are available as plug-ins now and hopefully Adobe will listen to its customers and add a lot of these things in version 2 . You need to buy it now , get it under your belt , so you are not left in the dust as Adobe pulls out in front....multi-line justification , gradient strokes , customizable shortcuts , four justified options -LRB- quad left , right , centered and full -RRB- , flush spaces , parent/child master pages , hanging punctuation -LRB- including letters like A and V -RRB- , drag 'n' drop color , and the list goes on ...
 Since the new upgrade -LRB- free on the website -RRB- makes InDesign useful for non-postscript printer owners , I decided to give it a whirl , and now wonder how I survived without it . Document layout is intuitive , and easy -- the addition of layers , and the ability to link photoshop files in native format are awesome ! I also like how I can crop and resize graphics in the program , without getting pixelation because it goes back to my original files . I 'm so pleased with how it works and how easy it is to use that I 've pretty much said good-bye to Microsoft Word forever . I compose and lay-out in one easy program , and get tons of compliments on how great my documents look .
 I have been using InDesign 1.5 for the last one year and is constantly amazed by its features and flexibility . I have given up Quark for good . Fortunately , our printer has also been willing to change and so we are able to bring out much better stuff than what we were previously doing with QuarkXpress , especially superb typography , and excellent and precise colour.InDesign is now to Quark as Quark was to PageMaker years ago . It may take some time for the graphic professionals to change , given the investment they have made into QXP and its xtensions , but change they will have to . Fortunately , Indesign is easy to learn , especially if you know photoshop or illustrator . So one can switch any time .
 Because PageMaker 6.5 is such a useful product in comparison to the likes of Microsoft Publisher , Indesign , at first glance , appears to be nothing too fabulous given simple layouts . But try something a little more complex and Indesign quickly shows how fabulous it is . A deceptively simple layout such as the front page of a newspaper , for example , with its columned text boxes is hard going in PageMaker , but so much easier with Indesign
 Although the program does load and run a bit slow , I find the interface is so easy to use that it 's well worth the wait . It has all the ease of use of Adobe 's products , and all the bells and whistles of Quark XPress . Truly the best of both worlds !
 InDesign is chock full of tools , and it integrates so well with other Adobe products . I rarely find a need to move back and forth between InDesign and image design programs . Having used PageMaker for years , I nevertheless kept a copy of Ventura on my hard disk because of some of the features it offers . I do n't see the need for that anymore . I recommend InDesign for anyone who is seriously interested in desktop publishing .
 After having used PageMaker and XPress for years , I can honestly say that I am very glad to have InDesign around . The old applications are happily chucked . The interface is very intuitive and in a rare case of marketing matching reality , Adobe has created an application that , if you work well with their other apps , you 'll pick this up easily.At least that was my experience .
 I love this software ! You have to see it for yourself .
 With InDesign , Adobe 's latest DTP software , you will find that the competition does n't even come close . It allows a much greater range of flexibility and design control . You wo n't regrent buying it !
 I have had my computer for a couple of years now , and I have always wondered if there was ever a product out there to help me rid my computer of WASTE . Well this product was recommended to me by a family member , and I am impressed as to how well it does !! I have never had so much success with one ALL-IN-ONE product as I have the System Mechanic 6 Professional , and the fact that it came with Virus Protection was and added bonus for me too . If your computer is slower than slow I definately recommend that you use this product to get rid of the Unnecessary Junk on your system , and keep up to date with the latest Viruses out there . I do n't think I will ever go back to MCCAFEE again !!
 System Mechanic 6 Professional is an excellent product and it solved all the problems I was having with my computer . It also alerts you of impending problems . I highly recommends this product .
 ok , i do n't know the problem with the people in the previous posts , but this product is the only one people should use . i 've had norton and mcafee and agp ... but those do not let you optimize while protecting your computer . i have 4 gigs of ram in my lappy and more than 768mb were being tied up with useless background programs , i ran the optimize feature and brought it down to 256mb running ... it made available 512mb more ram . if you are running windows , this is a must have , norton slows my computer down and just sits down at my bottom right icon tray , system mechanic allows both pros and my great grandma to customize their pc . and amazon offers the lowest price ... Best Buy is selling the older version for 110 $ + ha !
 I had been skeptical of software which purported to cleanse the registry but this product does exactly what is claims . On the first scan I freed up over 2 gigs of harddrive space . It continues to inform me when I need to cleanup and not one scan has affected my programs adversly . I recommend this product for everyone .
 Unlike others I have had no problem with this on a Dell 8300 . Worked fine though it 's somewhat poorly organized and the first pass over the system takes a long time to run . Part of that is that I have 500GB of hard drive on the computer.It did find and fix problems that other utilities did not find , including a key logger that nothing else found .
 I bought this product because my fairly new Dell 5100 was running slow with lots of stutters . From what I read generally , it seemed to get the best reviews.You do need to know what you 're doing though ! I 'm running McAfee and when I first installed SM6 my PC crashed . So I uninstalled SM6 and McAfee . Then reinstalled SM6 . I attempted to install the virus and firewall options but failed each time . However , these are not iolo 's own and are the pretty aweful Kaspersky suite so I gave up . Having performed a general clean up I then reinstalled McAfee virus and firewall only.My system is now running much faster and I 've managed to get rid of loads of rubbish , plus some dodgy malware that I did n't have a clue was on there.I 'm still having a few teething problems but nothing that 's phasing me and the benefits I 've seen completely outweigh these.I like the cockpit design which seems fairly intuitive to me . And if you 're a geek then it 's very good for rummaging around to see what 's on your PC.Overall , I like it but it 's not for the faint hearted , the non technical . You have to spend a bit of time with it to get the best out of it .
 I have had System Mechanic Professional for about three years . It has worked flawlessly . The reason , I believe , is that I took the time to learn the program very carefully.If you do n't bother to take the time and learn , you will be disappointed . This program is not for the , `` download and run clan . '' It takes time and effort which will be well rewarded . In reading the many reveiws I always found that people were complaining about things that they did not understand . Too bad . This is thye best program of it 's kind on the market and well worth every penny .
 I am now on version 9.5 and started with System Mechanic Prof. v. 5 . Works fast and updates threat definitions on an almost daily basis.Works faster and I feel is more user-friendly than Norton or McAffee.Have not encountered problems with any of the hundreds of programs/websites I have accessed .
 I 've been using System Mechanic 6 Professional , for about a month . I 'd have to say that the overall performance of Windows XP has improved greatly since installation . Upon starting System Mechanic , a general report is given on the overall health of Windows . It fixes problems in the registry , defragments the hard-drives/ram , and boosts internet performance . All of this is done is done in a short period of time -LRB- under an hour -RRB- . I 've also read all the negative reviews on Amazon . I 'm not going to dispute any of them , since each user has his/her own experiences using the product . All I can say , is that I 'm glad that the software worked for me .
 You likely wo n't get the system performance improvement that is advertised unless you had a very `` messy '' system . But it does have a great antivirus and firewall , and if you like to be able to tweak hidden settings and know a bit more about what is going on `` behind the scenes '' , it 's an okay product . But be very careful with the cleanup tool . It will delete some important files if you are not careful !!!
 I got iolo 's message about ` save $ 20 on SM7 ' so I went for it . Bad move . SM7 downloaded ok , installed ok , ran ONCE ok , then I could n't get it to open up again . Then , about 30 seconds later , my computer shut itself off . My computer was only 7 months old at the time . I tried all my computer tricks about uninstalling , manually deleting files , system restore . Forget it , I was licked ... all the computer would do is bootup , then after running 60 seconds or so , shut down . I had to do F10 and choose DESTRUCTIVE RECOVERY . What a drag . After spending the next day and a half re-installing all my programs it was ok . I ran it that way for the next month and a half , then the computer got a bit slow and I put SM6 back in . SM6 is running fine . SM7 is junk .
 Version 6.0 Pro is a comprehensive set of utilities , providing every kind of system support that I 've ever heard of -LRB- which does n't say much -- I 'm not computer savvy -RRB- . Overall , SM6 .0 Pro keeps my computer running well , and alerts me to various problems before or as they occur.I liked the SM5 .0 interface better . I 've had 6.0 for a few months , and I still find the interface cumbersome . Worse still , the program does not provide detailed enough info about purported problems unless the user jumps through several hoops . E.g. , SM6 .0 Pro alerts the user that the program should remove two items that render the computer insecure , but wo n't specify what items it wants to remove . The persistent user can find the info , but not easily , and it 's still incomplete . That said , it is easy to undo bad `` fixes . '' A final point , which is not relevant if you 've got a great computer . I have a low-budget computer with a 1.8 GHz Intel Celeron CPU . When SM6 .0 Pro is running , it consumes almost 100 % of my CPU 's capacity . Adding a $ 50 memory card helped somewhat .
 I have used System Mechanic 4 and 5 previous to upgrading to version 6 -LRB- pro -RRB- . There appears to be more bugs to be worked out in version 6 than in previous versions , but that aside , I am very pleased with the results I am getting using this product.In reading some of the other reviews on this product , it sounds like I have been very fortunate with my installation . I do not have the patience that some seem to have - I just went full speed ahead and installed the program without closing other programs or doing whatever else one should do for a safe and proper installation . It works . I will mention one bug I experienced that may help someone else
 System Machanic 6 Pro is easy to use and really helps speed things up.I would recomendthis program for every user .
 I was a bit put off by some of the reviews , so I went with a trial copy , and found myself pleasantly surprised . The latest version installed without incident , and has performed every function on my PC without any bugs.I was able to clean over 2 GB of debris from my drive , fix 142 registry problems , and defrag my drive -LRB- from 41 % fragmented to 2 % fragmented -RRB- in the span of an hour.I was also able to set up the scheduling without any problems , and get the antivirus and firewall set up with minimal effort . Overall , I 'd say that while the product may not be for everyone , it 's definitely replacing my existing utility software on the other computers in my home network .
 I recently purchased this software and I found it to be spectacular . My system was running sluggish and slow , but after System Mechanic did all of its magic my computer was running faster than ever ! I used the search and recover tool get my lost pictures back and the AV is awesome . I would have to say that System Mechanic 6 is the best value on the market .
 Dude I do n't know if you have the power to change these comments so that mine will fly out but the current version is 5.5 a and 5.5 b for System Mechanic Pro by iOLO so I do n't know wth you tryin to pull here ;-RRB- Anyway I 'm not gon na spend time looking 4 a warez version of like a pre-release or check with iOLO because it just has n't been made yet . . or has it ? :P WTF : |
 System Mechanic Pro 6.0 fixed so many errors my previous utility was missing , that I was amazed . It found keystroke loggers and spyware that Norton Systemworks had missed . It recovers ram , and does all it is advertized to do . My PC is running better than it ever has , and I highly recommend this product .
 This is the best utility program I had for years now . Not only tuned my PC to its best performance but it also keeps it clean and fit since I started using it . It did optimize my memory removed possible dangers deleted the clutter and did many more things . I was really surprised when I read the opinions of other customers that they had serious problems using it because I had none in my system.I think it is a must have for any user who wants speed and high performance of a PC .
 Although this software is an improvement over other similar software I have tried , it does not correct all of my problems as it stated it would . Also , it does not do all the functions it stated it would do . And , it can cause numerous lock-ups trying to do it 's function . It does a lot of good things but I think it is more geared to other than Windows 98 . It will allow installation on more than one computer and it definitely is a great firewall and virus scan system . It is far superior to McAfee , which caused so many problems , that I did not even ask for my money back . The McAfee Customer Support does not understand English and a request for service was never returned by one of the top trouble shooters that had helped me before . This system is far superior to McAfee and a trial version of Membook or something like that . It will definitely speed up programs and will definitely make hardware compatable with my computer . It has many features that I have not even explored as of yet .
 THIS PRODUCT IS THE BEST . IVE USED THIS WITH 6 OF MY COMPUTRS AND RECOMMENDED IT TO MY FRIENDS . THEY ALL LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND HAD NO PROBLEMS WITH IT -LRB- IT DOES WHAT IT SAYS -RRB- . IM THINGKING ABOUT GETTING THE NEW VERSION SM7 BUT IVE SEEN SOME BAD REVIEWS AND IM SCARED TO BUY IT BECAUSE IVE PUT ALLOT OF TIME INTO MY COMPUTER -LRB- S -RRB- . I SUGGEST THAT YOU JUST GET OR STICK WITH THE 6 VERSION FOR NOW , THEN WHEN THEY COME UP WITH MORE UPDATES AND BUG FIXES WITH THE 7 VERSION AND SEE ALL IS WELL THEN I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING IT .
 This is a pretty good program . It does n't hog as much of your memory as the Symantec programs do , and there are lots of features that I have n't even tried out yet ! I saw that others had problems with the program , and also encountered a problem when trying to install off the disk that I was shipped . After a couple of installations/uninstallations , I went to the Iolo website , and downloaded the latest version of the program there . You can install normally , with the program key/password that you are shipped , and it seems to work perfectly . Overall , it 's a great program , with lots of features . It seems like the manufacturer just tried to ship it before it was fully debugged .
 This is the best program out there . A must have for any home computer . Fixes most any problem . Keeps your computer cleaned out and running great.Free upgrades.Highly recommended .
 Latest Update -- Running with absolutely no problems , after two weeks intensive use on the three computers in my home network , and by far the most effective and flexible of any cleanup utility I 've tried . The careful preparation seems to have paid off.I was somewhat leary about trying this out , because of some very negative reviews . But the people at ZoneAlarm recommend it , so I decided to give it a try . To minimize the chances of trouble , I uninstalled my prior version , System Mechanic Pro 5 and thoroughly cleaned my system -LRB- Dell Dimension 8400 , 512MB memory , two 180GB hard drives in a RAID0 configuration , running Windows XP Pro SP2 , ZoneAlarm , Kaspersky Personal Pro antivirus , and antispyware from ZoneAlarm and Microsoft -RRB- , using VCOM System Suite 6 . I performed a system and registry backup , using System Suite 6 and set a Windows checkpoint . I did a full backup onto a USB drive , using Norton Ghost 10 . I then rebooted twice , disconnected from the Internet , closed every program in the System Tray that would close -LRB- firewall , anti-virus , anti-spyware , etc. -RRB- , inserted the System Mechanic disk , exited from the startup screen , and explored the disk for any text or manual files . I read everything I could . I then reinserted the disk and let it run.The system hung once during the installation . This was unexpected , but not unusual when installing complex programs -- I just rebooted and the installation picked up where it had left off . I checked to make sure that no firewall nor antivirus was being installed.The installation completed . I rebooted twice , re-connected to the Internet -LRB- firewall and anti-virus were again active -RRB- , downloaded and installed the update -LRB- version q -RRB- and gingerly started exploring the features . The instructions for the features could be easier to follow , but I concentrated on the individual sub-programs , avoiding the Total packages till I had a feel as to how it all worked.Absolutely NO proublems and seems very stable . I wound up doing considerable cleanup on what was a reasonably clean system to begin with , and the sytem is now considerably faster than before.Key Precautions
 Magix is a German company which as put a product together which for the price is incredible . If you have worked with products like Ulead 's or MGI Video editing packages you have found yourself struggling to blend complex elements , and most likely wanting more tracks of sound and or video . This program really opens up complex editing of video and sound . You can work with sound files , video and still elements of create a mutlimedia file in AVI , MPEG1 , RAM , and Quicktime . The higher the speed of your CPU and the more memory you have the allows even greater complexity . Want to add a music track to your show , the program will create on for you . Working with video files and sound files are very much the same . Do n't limit yourself with the Ulead and MGI video suites . Improtant Note
 I honestly have never used any other music production software except garageband , but this program rocks the HOUSE !!!!!!!!!!! My only complaint is that ableton live 5 does not include accurate sounding `` real instruments '' I dont know how to explain it . I think making hip hop and electronica music with this program would be possible with the instruments contained but making symphony or rock n roll or any non digital sounding music would be hard to create with the instruments contained . I have heard you can get instrument to plugin to the application but it does not contain it stock . hope this helps.p.s . I am not trained I am completely self tought so I could be very wrong .
 If you 're new to multi-track audio sequencing , I recommend Ableton Live ! above every product on the market . It 's user interface has been appropriately descibed as `` revolutionary '' by Mix Magazine and Electronic Musician , take the power of Pro Tools , shave away the most daunting and complex functions and add the simplicity of Sony 's Acid loop sequencing software , mix the two togeather and provide an entirely fresh user interface that is instantly approachable , one that yields instant results and you have Ableton Live . I 've abandoned Sonar , Cubebase and Vegas Audio in favor of Ableton Live this software is a joy to use . Here 's what you get : PROS - Multitrack 16-bit/24-bit recording - About a dozen popular effects -LRB- Reverb , Compression , Noise Gate , EQ effects , Amp Sims , etc. . . -RRB- - Powerful control over enevelops - Timewarp feature without pitch alteration . - Snap-to grid layout allowing recorded tracks to syn effortlessly with loops -LRB- works uniquely with time wrap feature , has to be heard to be believed -RRB- - Track freeze - Smart processing -LRB- the software optimizes memory and CPU performance quite well , but allows the user to take control of sample quality and quality of effects if desired -RRB- - Solid VST plug-in support . -LRB- I 've tested with AmpliTube , Korg Legacy Collection , Groove Agent , all at the same time ! no problems ! I 've had many problems using VST 's inside other non-Cubase sequencers -RRB- - MIDI support goes well beyond the basics , you can set up loops as samples and play Live ! like an instrument in real-time , it 's actually designed with stage use in mind , but works equally as well in a studio as the heart of a DAW -LRB- Digital Audio Workstation -RRB- - Use computer keyboard as MIDI controller option -LRB- compose a melody on a plane or in a hotel room ! :-RRB- - Works extreemly well on Laptop PC 's , was designed to be played Live ! on laptops . - ReWire support lets you hook-in to Reason , Cubase and other sequencers to use Ableton as a remote or a host.CONS - No support for DirectX Instruments -LRB- DXI -RRB- - Limited support for loop types , Live supports WAV , you 'll have to convert everything else.Another reviewer mentioned cost of this product , it 's priced competitive , do n't compare Live ! to Sonar or Acid , those products cost about half of what live does , but they are not in the same category . Live ! is in the ranks of Reason , Pro Tools and Cubase , which it is priced well against thos products . If you are a student you can purchase the full version of Live for about half the retail price . You can also upgrade from the Lite version of Live -LRB- packaged with many M-Audio products -RRB- to the full version for the same price .
 I 've been working with Ableton Live v. 5 for a few weeks now and have been incredibly impressed with how this software makes it easier for me to worry about musicality , rather than so much techie stuff . Although do n't worry if you want technical ability , it gets as deeply technical as you could want , too . I can see how much fun this will be to use on stage both as a dj and performer.Another Amazon customer reviewer was n't happy with the price , although if one is familiar with the prices of other professional music software out there -LRB- like Reason , Rebirth , Logic , etc. -RRB- it is actually competitively priced.You can download the free trial version from Ableton 's website -LRB- ableton.com -RRB- and do everything but save your work to get a feel for this powerful , incredibly fun tool ! That 's what I did , then felt it was worthy of my investment .
 If you are familiar with any Adobe product then you should n't have any difficulties learning how to use any software within this package . Whats great about this bundle is that all of these programs are loaded with features to make the most dynamic sites imaginable . Each program is quite extensive and will definetly take you some time to learn , but if you are a new web developer or a guru at it , you will get to know the adobe name real soon . Excellent software bundle .
 The Adobe Deisgn Collection 7.0 collection delivers full versions of four award-winning , integrated products . For a great price , you get state-of-the-art graphics and imaging software , a revolutionary page layout program , and a universal document delivery tool , And becuase these applications were designed to work together , you can move from one to another effortlessly while preserving the attributes of your designs . Transform your ideas into original artwork with the precise vector graphics tools in Adobe Illustrator 10 software . Efficiently design and edit rich , layered images with Adobe Photoshop 7.0 software . Assemble compelling page layouts with remarkable ease and control in Adobe InDesign 2.0 software . THen convert your documents to Adobe Portable Document Format -LRB- PDF -RRB- files with Adobe Acrobat 6.0 professional software . so you can share your designs with clients and preflight your final files before submitting them for print . The collection includes the following
 I thoroughly enjoyed Beyond Atlantis . It was one of those games that had me eager to get back to it , night after night . The puzzles were challenging and inventive , requiring you to use multiple levels of thought . I really liked how the nature of the puzzles changed with each area you visited . For example , many of the Mayan puzzles were math-based , where the Celtic puzzles were more intuitive.The scenery was beautiful . And the dialog was exceptional . This is the only game I 've run across with a Celtic setting that has not completely mangled Gaelic words and names . I also liked that you were given the option to replay all the dialog , so that you could pick up on things you might have missed the first time around.This game used mythology especially well , particularly in the Mayan and Celtic settings . Being something of a student of Celtic myth , I was really excited to see how well some of the characters and concepts were integrated here.Beyond Atlantis ran very smoothly . I 've had a problem with some of Dreamcatcher 's other games crashing for no apparent reason , but that , I 'm happy to say , was not an issue with this one.The character animations were not to the level I would have expected , however . Characters often looked like bad claymation , and range of movement was limited . Also , the music , though lovely , consisted of short tape-loops that got a little crazy-making with repetition , particularly when you had to visit certain areas over and over to solve the puzzles.Though most of the puzzles were of the thinking variety , there were a few that just required you to `` muscle '' through , either by pixel-hunting or by repeating an action or series of actions until you got it right . I found the `` charging the crystal '' puzzle particularly annoying , as well as confusing . It was hard even to know where to begin with that one without resorting to a hint page.Still , for humour , integrated story , beautiful settings , and puzzles that will really keep you working at them for days , Beyond Atlantis is hard to beat .
 I waited several months for this game to be published in US -LRB- it sells since November in Russia -RRB- and I am not disappointed . Puzzles are challenging , graphics is amazing , music is beautiful -LRB- especially in Ireland -RRB- . Regarding drawbacks
 After having the game for about a week , I had written that I found the graphics awesome but the frustration level was too high ... I 've changed my tune . I agree with `` Char '' that it is definitely a consideration for those of us in waiting for Exile . It is not a shoot-em up but a cerebral exercise for those who are up to it . I ordered the Solutions Guide for a couple of the rough spots but do n't find I have to refer to it very often . Come on , Fellow Gamers - stretch your mind a bit .
 This was a great game in almost all aspects ... great cinematography , great music and great concept . You not only get to explore the five worlds , but you actually learn some facts while you 're doing it . For example , the Maya puzzle is based on the actual Maya counting system . Sometimes you needed a little prompt to get you going on the puzzles , but they were n't so difficult that you could n't figure them out . Definately a great game , along the lines of Myst but much more logical than some of the crazy things they expected you to figure out in Myst !
 I loved the music in this game . As far as the game play goes you actually learn a little cultural history while at the same time having fun . The beaurocratic minitar is rather amusing in his lackluster attitude towards visitors to Hell . However , I found the constant motion of some of the charactors while speaking to be anoying .
 Beyond Atlantis is a wonderfully animated game and a must for anyone that loves puzzles . The colors and video sequences are beautiful and the characters have interesting though often one-sided personalities.I bought the game for the similarities it had to Myst and found that it was not a bad buy . Atlantis 2 is quite similar to the original Myst but not as in depth -LRB- character wise -RRB- as Myst 2 and 3 . The puzzles themselves are not a great challenge , but the steps to get to them make up for their shortcomings . Overall , the major shortcoming of the game is the lack of information . Often you are unsure of what you need for a puzzle or why you need to complete it other that to beat the game . Few clues are given so a good hint site is recommended ; however , do n't just for help at the first sign of trouble . The game is made to be able to look 360 degrees and up to the sky and to the ground and the makers expect you to use this ability . Before you run to the walkthrough , look around , search the ground , and ask the characters about EVERYTHIING!Overall , this game is great for the puzzle person that does n't mind some lack in character development . The game will take time but is definitely a come-back-for-more type of game . The graphics and legend lore are wonderful . Finally , as an individual who has played through the game three times , I can say the game is worth it .
 It is not possible here to describe how great Beyond Atlantis 1 and 2 are , but let 's just say that I have been buying everything around and these adventures beat everything else . The music alone for a start is delightful , the graphics really bring you to Atlantis and new universes , the realism and story lines are really impressive . It is very simple , you only wish to live in the game and forget going to work .
 When I played this game I could not believe the graphics I could see . It looked like I was really there . I have never seen such grphics . The graghics even looked nice using the min requirerments .
 Myst/Riven/Crystal Key . . etc. feeling . This is one of the best Adventure games I have played . The scenery is beautiful from world to world . . even space . The purpose of your character -LRB- s -RRB- is believable . The concept is brilliant . There are different worlds you enter . As you go to each of them you become someone different . The importance of that is to help you succeed in each world . Many different characters and puzzles to face . The whole game is fantastic . Some of the puzzles I have never played in any other adventure game , which made it more fun . There is a few that you will be pressured for time , so save ! Worth the time , money and brainpower . I LOVED this game !!!!
 NOTE -- I played the U.K. version of this game , which was released a few months ago under the title of `` Atlantis 2 . '' The U.S. version -LRB- the one available here -RRB- may contain slight differences.PROS -- 1 . Beyond Atlantis reminds me of Big Sky Country -- everything in it is larger than life , more fully realized , vaster than in the usual graphic adventure . The game takes you on a spectacular quest through three historical worlds , each complete with a can-you-solve-this dramatic dilemma , plus unexpected links to alternate dimensions full of mystery , plot twists and surprises .2 . The game has the largeness of spirit and the generous gameplay of `` Riven , '' but spices up the environments with fantastical monsters and heroes reminiscent of a mythological movie epic -LRB- a bit like `` Dragonheart '' meets `` Jason and the Argonauts '' -RRB- . Although at heart a traditional adventure , in some places Beyond Atlantis almost feels like an action game . In fact there are some action sequences , though you usually do n't have to click madly with the mouse to control the outcome -- you 've already established the way the action will end with your wits -LRB- or , um , lack thereof -RRB- .3 . Both the graphics and the music are unforgettable . Ancient Ireland is serenely beautiful , with haunting pipe melodies playing in the background . And the Shambhala sky islands are as strikingly surreal as the floating palace in `` Obsidian '' . Sometimes in adventure games I am surprised by the solution of a certain puzzle , but here I was consistently surprised by the imaginative colors , shapes , sounds , and creatures in the alternate worlds . And did I mention that the cut-scenes are dazzling ? This game really goes all out to get absolutely everything right.CONS -- 1 . I encountered an autoplay bug that caused the Installation program to load whenever I inserted Disk 1 . To get out , you just hit cancel and exit setup , and then you can access the game -LRB- I hope this problem is fixed in the U.S. version -RRB- .2 . The character movements during dialog sequences are rather odd-looking . Also , a warning
 I 've introduced my wife to computer gaming . She used to hate all the shoot and kill . I gave her a copy of Riven , and Myst , and her life changed forever . We had so much fun playing those . Now , we try a few games I thought we could like , and Beyond Atlantis is definitely one of those we loved . We 've played Crystal Key and Lotus Spring , and Beyond Atlantis combines the best of both.The graphics are stunning , Cryo 's 3D engine -LRB- found in all the dreamcatcher games I 've seen so far -RRB- is very good . One little regret
 I was never a computer gamer . Too much blood and guts , shooting and killing , and a need for quick reactions . Long ago , I played a Lucas game called Loom , and loved it . It was a big step , in its time , because it did n't have the language commands ... you just pointed and clicked . It was also a game for everyone , with puzzles to solve , and almost no violence - not to mention no time limits.Just last year , I succumbed to curiosity and purchased Myst . Oh , my ! Then RealMyst and Riven . I was hooked ! So now , I am waiting for the release of Exile , and needed something to occupy my mynd , and keep in practice for Myst III . I have contemplated Atlantis for a while , and finally caved in . I know the reviews are scathing , but I wanted something non-violent , and with lots of puzzles.I have n't been playing Atlantis long , but so far have had no problems . -LRB- PIII , nVidia , 733MHZ , 128MB RAM , 44xCD - I 'd BETTER not have problems ! -RRB- The game runs smoothly and quickly . I love the music , and the graphics are good , though not of the quality of the Myst series . -LRB- After RealMyst , nothing will ever be the same as far as games ! -RRB- The characters look a little like Gumbys , but what the heck ?! -LRB- Not sure why they did n't use real people , like Cyan . -RRB- The story line reminds me of the story line of the David Eddings series of fantasy novels about Belgarion , the keeper of the orb of light ... VERY similar , so perhaps I am more willing to see a story here than those who have not read that series.As to the puzzles ... diabolical ! Love 'em ! -LRB- I hope the game lasts until Exile comes out . -RRB- Too hard ? Well , NOTHING can be harder than the marble puzzle in Riven . -LRB- I had to cheat ... I could NOT see what I was supposed to on those topo maps on Spike Island ! -RRB- Besides , I consider that the longer I have to work at it , the more I 'm getting my money 's worth.To those who put down adventure games because they are not shoot-em-ups
 I 'm not a hard-core gamer . I do n't spend hours each day in front of my computer . And I get frustrated easily . So Beyond Atlantis was perfect for me . It was a challenge without being too hard -LRB- I did use some cheats though -RRB- and it took me several weeks to finish . The graphics were beautiful , and the voice acting was no worse than a lot of other games I 've played.My favorite feature of the game was the five , completely different levels . In one , you 're in a Buddhist temple . In another , you 're an Irish monk . In yet another , you travel to the world of the dead . The differences really helped keep my interest.Also , it was n't violent . There 's no shooting or other stressful ` action . ' You win the game by solving puzzles and finding and using items in your inventory.The game might not be groundbreaking , but you get a lot of entertainment for $ 20 .
 I 've only begun this game , but wanted to share a tip for anyone else who is having trouble running this in XP . It seems the game can not handle large memories , thus the `` disk full '' message even though you have over 200G left . This worked for me : Load Beyond Atlantis onto a thumb drive and run it in compatability mode . I used a 1G and it works fine . So far , 1G is more than adequate.As for the game , I think this one will be great fun . Lovely graphics and atmosphere are what I look for first and Beyond Atlantis seems to have just that . I love the tinkling bells in the background . If it turns out disappointing , I 'll revise my review . But , I wanted to post this tip and save someone else 3 days of frustration . Hope this helps!Now , if I can only get Myst and Riven to run ... -RRB- - :
 In regard of the storyline and reasoning behind the puzzles , I would like to refer to the gamespot review under editorial reviews.Overall , I would recommend this game , due to the beautiful graphics and the very efficient game control.However , I did encounter some problems playing the game in XP -LRB- the game is pre-XP -RRB- . In XP the game would skip the beautiful films that are thrown into the story . When running it in 95/98 compatibility mode -LRB- via properties -RRB- it would sometimes freeze up , due to lack of memory according to the message . Switching back to XP would then solve that problem . Anyway , the game was worth switching between XP and 95/98 compatibility mode ocassionaly -LRB- for the newbies
 Beyond Atlantis has kept me on my toes since I bought it . I 've enjoyed this game to the max , and I ca n't help but sit in awe of the difficulty of some of the puzzles , and the care taken on the graphics boggles my mind . I would recommend this game to anyone who 's willing to sit down and get some exercise for their mind in more ways than one . Some of the sentences can be described as cryptic , but is n't that the way they 're supposed to be in puzzle games ? If what you 're looking for is fast play and bloodshed , look somewhere else . You do n't swing swords in this game . You pump neurons .
 This is , technically an `` old game '' but all things considered , it 's well worth what you 'd pay now.Basically , the game puts you through 3 worlds , plus . Have to say that like a lot of `` old games '' -LRB- I 'm compulsive -RRB- , I 've found it both satisfying and madding . I 'm a graphics freak and , if they 're going to bother with music , I 'm a music freak as well . All things considered they do pretty well in both categories . For myself , there were definitely parts I could have done without , plus if you 're into endings worth all the brain stress you agreed to be put through by playing this game , it 's a let down . If you 're into GETTING TRHOUGH and finishing a game , this should n't be a problem.I recently had a hardware/software problem in that I recently upgraded to a 128 mg video card . Game freaked out because of the upgrade . I 'm not convinced that the dumb down needs to be down , but I was still able to play it down down done for now.Anyway , the game makers get HIGH MARKS for inventiveness , and fact game worked -LRB- upgrade aside -RRB- . I have my favorite parts , and game did kind of run out of ideas in the climax , but I 'd sure recommend it if you are as desparate as I am for adventure games that satisfy a need for fun and things that work if you `` do it right '' . Do wish that adventure game makers did consider more along this line . I 'd sure buy it!Only reason I have n't given more stars is the uneveness of the `` plot '' and the pretty hockey ending . Get real guys , and I 'll rate what you do next higher.Still , I 'd recommend it highly - all things considered , and what 's out there that I have n't bought and reviewed already .
 the puzzle is excellent in graphics and easy to get around from place to place.if you get stuck in one area you just work on another country for a bit.puzzles are my favorite and this one sure is a favorite with me .
 The game I loved from all the games I ever had , the first quest I ever played -LRB- I got my first PC two-three years ago -RRB- and not like all my other games , I did n't cheat . Not even one walky . And I finished it and watched one of the amazing and good ending movies . When I heard that there is going to be another game like Atlantis -LRB- not that stupid Pompeii games which is ugly and boring , or Odysee which is fine , but so buggy it almost messed up my PC -RRB- , I went crazySo as soon as I could I got something called `` Atlantis2 '' , which is excectly like this one , but has really bad graphics , and you ca n't get the piece of skull from the well . I spent 3 hours looking and looking for it ... And do n't think I looked how to get the pieces ! When I was playing it on another PC I found the skull and turned into a head.Did I get the wrong game ?? Please someone reply me ! just write a review and tell me what 's wrong !! I love Atlantis !! I want it to work !! Please help me because I am about to cry , but I will not because I am a big boy : -LRB-
 I recently finished playing Beyond Atlantis -LRB- called `` Atlantis 2 '' in Europe -RRB- and want to tell you some of the things I liked most about this game.In general , what I like about DreamCatcher adventure games are the beautiful worlds and the immersive experience they offer . Their games are like a vacation-on-a-disk . Playing them leaves me feeling refreshed.I bought Beyond Atlantis because I wanted a mini-vacation , and I was n't disappointed ! Setting the game in three very different locations -- Ireland , the Yucatan , and China -- and including the unique cultural elements of each place made the game a lot like a real vacation . I got to experience many of the benefits of traveling with none of the stress!In addition to the beautiful sights , the sounds enhanced the whole game play experience tremendously . The voice acting was very well done . I particularly appreciated the excellent music , which fit each cultural setting perfectly . Saving the most beautiful and moving music for the end of the game made for a very effective and satisfying conclusion -- I even replayed the ending a couple of times just to hear the music again . I later learned that the entire soundtrack consisted of original compositions by the very creative and talented musician Pierre Esteve , and I even bought the soundtrack on CD.The game 's puzzles were both challenging and satisfying to solve . I appreciate all the research that went into creating some of these puzzles . Using the Mayan base-20 number system and the cycles of creation and destruction for the five elements from Traditional Chinese Medicine as the basis of puzzles in the Yucatan and China was a wonderful idea . It made for some great puzzles , and it was also very educational in a very enjoyable way . -LRB- Unfortunately , some reviewers have unfairly criticized the game 's puzzles as illogical ; the logic was definitely there -- they just did n't see it . -RRB- I enjoyed the game 's parody of Hell , which I thought was quite clever . For many of us , the endless paperwork we must complete , with exacting precision , according to incomprehensible instructions , at the demand of not-very-helpful government officials , is indeed Hell ! -LRB- To underscore this point , the administrative offices at my university are in Needles Hall , which the students have aptly renamed Needless Hell ! -RRB- The reason I did n't give the game a full 5 stars for fun was that I did have a few frustrating moments . For example , I was frustrated that I had so much difficulty moving in the giant spider web in Xibalba , the Mayan Land of the Dead . Afterwards , I realized that this was n't a bug -- it was a feature ! The game designers wanted to simulate the stickiness of the web . At the time , I felt they did their job only too well -- but now I can appreciate this touch of realism.Recording the journeys in the crystal globe was the only puzzle I felt was n't reasonable . Fortunately , there are good hints and walkthroughs available for free on the web which overcome this minor problem . The Universal Hints System -LRB- UHS -RRB- file by Jeanne Muse is particularly good , and really enhanced my game playing experience.In conclusion , I found Beyond Atlantis to be a wonderfully well-made game that provided me with many hours of enjoyment and satisfaction -LRB- over 20 hours , in fact -RRB- . It makes me look forward to playing Beyond Atlantis 2 -LRB- called `` Atlantis 3 '' in Europe -RRB- all the more .
 I started the game about 3 weeks ago , and finished Ireland today ! -LRB- I do n't play every day , but for long periods when I do . -RRB- It 's really quite a good game , and pleasant to use while waiting for Exile , which is why I bought it.I DID end up using a cheat site 6 times , but if I had turned up the brightness sooner , half of them would not have been necessary . I found the hints on the Dreamcatcher site to be spoilers , and did n't look twice . There is an excellent hint site for many games ... ... You can progress from the barest nudge to the answer in gradual steps , which is what I like in a hint site . I am in China , now , and hope not to use so many hints . I think there 's a learning curve . I used a lot of hints in Myst , but only a couple in Riven , as I became used to the logic of the puzzles and the flow of the game.Some reviewers say it is shallow , but I find myself totally immersed , and losing track of time ! I loved the monks , and thought they were very sympathetic characters ! The other characters probably were n't supposed to be sympathetic . They were all sort of larger than life myth/saga characters , except for the birdman , Fintan . I liked him , and felt very sorry for him ! -LRB- And Bres reminded me of a boss I used to have , especially when he got mad ! -RRB- And I LOVED the Dali-esque world inside the Book - after I turned up the brightness!I will say that I do not find the game as intuitive as the Myst games , but that may just be my particular thought processes ! And if it is not as well done graphically , well , it did n't ... ... I 'm having fun , and that 's what it 's all about .
 I should say that I have not finished this yet.I am a novice at computer games.I enjoyed the graphics-they were very well done.I especially enjoyed Ireland . The scenery looked real . The rocks looked like you could touch them.However , the sheep need to be made more lifelike ! There were some action scenes that were impressive , such as riding the horse through the water.I got stuck at one part , but my 12 year old nephew and his brother were able to play . However , we all needed walkthrough instructions . I would find it impossible to do without walkthroughs.This is definitely not for young children . The E rating should be changed to teenager or adult . I appreciated the fact that there was not much violence . A couple of monsters were killed but that was quite lowkey . There was one brief reference to rape , and the mention of human sacrifice could be frightening to young children . There was some blood shown in a couple of scenes but little actual violence shown . Also , no profanity was spoken.I was very frustrated at times but this certainly is a challenge . This is appropriate for kids over 12 and adults .
 I started out playing this game the usual way , playing a bit , saving and walking away . Then somehow I could n't leave my seat and finished the game in two days . The graphics are pretty good and I enjoyed traveling to vastly different areas , even your character changes as your scenery does . I had the most difficulty in the pyrmid trying to solve the ball puzzles and in China trying to walk around the room on the patterns correctly . In the China room you must listen to the old man very carefully and look at the machine before each step . Save your game before you go in that door because you might be trying to that solve a couple of times . One thing I really liked about this game is that you get a nice reward scene at the end , not all games provide you with that when you win and you walk away feeling like `` all that for that ending '' . If you let your seven year old play this game , he may be asking you some rather interesting questions ! I ran this game on Windows 98 without difficulty .
 We really enjoyed Beyond Atlantis . It 's relaxing to play , with beautiful graphics and puzzles that are stimulating , but not so mind-bending that we 'd get bored . I enjoyed playing the game as an after-work mental exercise , and our ten-year-old was spot-on with comments , clues and solutions to the puzzles , although he did n't have the patience for some of the map and maze explorations . We ended up playing the game together as a team and had a wonderful time . I highly recommend it for adults who enjoy a little computer fun , but also like to play with their kids .
 As a avid Myst-fan , it 's sometimes hard to believe there 's any game out there that matches the atmosphere en overall storyline . Well , I 've been dissapointed plenty of times . Not so however with Atlantis , Beyond Atlantis -LRB- or in the EU
 While most people will say this game is entirely difficult , I would say it lets you use your noggin . You know you have one.Travel to different worlds and explore clues given out to you . The settings are beautiful and the music is enticing ! I would get up each morning and play for a while . its one of those games that takes some work but its totally worth it . You 'll crack cases and use key items to get you to a different world . It does take some time I 'll admit but the excitement you get when you suddenly solve a puzzle and end up in some foreign land with wonderful settings is worth every penny I guarantee !
 This game is awesome.It is so fun playing it.The game does get pretty hard though.I play this game as much as i possibly can.I would say this game is fit for ages 7 and up!In this game buzz has to rescue his best friend woody.He must make it through 15 exciting actionpacked levels.But i have only got to level 10 . You must collect as much pizza planet tokens as possible in order to beat the game.In order to get them you must defeat many bosses and complete many other challenges .
 My grandson enjoyed the game ; however , he could not play the beyond the opening portion . Game is not for a child less than 5 years old .
 This is a game very interesting , but has lacks in the video performance and quality . Is a old game for this time , but runs fine in Windows XP , and my son of 11 years pass 10 levels during the afternoon.For my 2 years child , Buzz is in the game , but He do n't undestand the game , he only says
 How did I do taxes before this came along ?? If you ca n't do your own taxes with this product you are either richer than Bill Gates or so hopeless with a computer that you probably are n't reading this .
 I find that this product makes Mass Tax so much more enjoyable . I do n`t like doing taxes but using this product makes them fun .
 The good folks at TurboTax and Amazon.com have been much more careful this year.I was not alone in buying this product , which includes 45 states ' tax returns on one CD-ROM , under the * mistaken * impression that you could access more than one state . -LRB- Why else would a customer care that it is a multi-state disk rather than only his or her state ? -RRB- If you want to use the throughly excellent TurboTax programs to do your federal and state taxes , then you should buy TurboTax Deluxe , which includes one state for free in addition to the federal tax stuff . You will not need to buy this product.If you plan to file in more than one state , then you would be required to purchase one copy of this product for EACH additional state . -LRB- Of course , once you own TurboTax Deluxe you can download additional states for the same price as ordering this and help the environment by consuming one less box and CD-ROM . Somehow that should be deductable . :o-RRB- ... -RRB- As far as the state products go , the ones with which I have had experience -LRB- MO , IL , IA , and IN -RRB- are user friendly and massive timesavers . For those of us who work in two different states -LRB- at least MO and IL -RRB- , TurboTax state products easily and quickly perform the cumbersome task of figuring out how much tax goes to which state . The calculation verges on calculus and , before TurboTax , I spent hours upon hours trying to figure it out without ever knowing if I had done it correctly.Highly recommended for those who need this product and who understand what it is they are ordering .
 I first tried Tax Cut , did n't like it very much , switched to Turbo Tax and have been using it every year . It is easy to use and I have never had a problem with the IRS for submitted returns .
 Big Thinkers ! 1st Grade features a wide range of entertaining activities that will challenge and stimulate students well beyond the 1st grade.Ben and Becky Brightly , the program 's teen hosts , lead children through their cozy home where diversions abound at every turn . In addition to the many amusing clickables that can be found in every nook and cranny , a multitude of subject-based activities prove that learning can be fun.In fact , it 's hard not to have fun with the enthusiastic Brightlys at the helm . This ` dynamic ' duo actually transforms into the activities , becoming , for example , the globe on which oceans and continents are pinpointed , or the clock on which the hours and minutes are read.Students work their way through each of six venues -LRB- four rooms , the garage and the backyard -RRB- , receiving SmartStars for every successfully completed activity . Progress can be checked at any time on the Smart Chart , which lists the academic subjects addressed by the program , gives appropriate activities for each subject , and keeps track of the Smart Stars earned by each individual user . When the child has earned stars in each of the five major categories s/he qualifies to play the SuperStar of Smarts Challenge . This is a special culminating round in which the user can use accumulated stars to help beat the clock in a problem-solving activity . Winners of this challenge earn a printable certificate and the enthusiastic praise of their animated friends.Educational ValueActivities encountered in Big Thinkers ! 1st Grade focus on a broad range of academic areas
 This is the first electronic instrument I tried playing which is comparable to playing a real grand piano . Of course the experience is not the same , for a variety of subtle reasons . It is starting to come pretty close , though , and if you are not in a position to have your own Steinway grand in a dedicated music room , you might find that a state of the art virtual instrument like Ivory gives a bigger boost to your playing than a run-of-the-mill real instrument.I thought quite a lot about just why pianos are so difficult to imitate electronically . My feeling is that the difference between Ivory and a real piano sound reduces to two main areas . The first is true sympathetic resonance . Ivory has a dedicated DSP engine for simulating the interaction of strings through the sounding board , however this only works en masse . The algorithm does not take into account which which keys are down , hence the ringing effect of notes sounded in succession , or chords struck at the same time is not really there.The other area is just the pure audio soundscape . No matter how fancy the software is , you are still listening to a signal relayed through cables , amplifiers , speakers , etc. , subject to all the pitfalls of electronic sound reproduction . It 's just not the same . The limitations of stereo are particularly evident . Anyone who has played a concert grand can relate to feeling the presence of the sound , emanating not just from the left or the right , but particular places in space . Two channels can not possibly reproduce this.Having said all this , some of the samples in Ivory are breathtakingly beautiful . The recordings were clearly done on top notch instruments and with great care . Ivory gets you pretty involved in the sound engineering process by offering a number of tunable parameters including various filters , key noise , resonance , etc. . It is interesting to gain an appreciation of the fact that there are always compromises involved , and sound reproduction is about much more than playing back exactly what has been recorded . The flexibility of being able to adjust your instrument to your taste and the demands of each piece you play is an added bonus that you do n't get with a real instrument.I was surprised to find how much of a boost Ivory gave to my playing , both in terms of creativity and in terms of technique . A good instrument allows one to hear more , and express more subtle nuances , even at the advanced amateur level that I am at . It also brings out deficiencies of one 's playing in high relief.I listened to lots of mp3 samples , tried Ivory out in a music shop , but I still found it very difficult to gauge what it was going to be like as an instrument until I actually took it home . As I understand , the main competitor at the moment is Akustik Piano , which I ca n't really comment on , since that I have not bought . It 's important to note that Ivory needs a host application , such as Cubase , ProTools , or something similar.One final note
 Here 's the nitty gritty :1 -RRB- Do n't even try less than 1.5 GB . I got mine to all 10 piano layers with 2GB ram upgrade -LRB- cost me extra $ 160 -RRB- 2 -RRB- Do n't even try a SoundBlaster audio card . I bough and EMU 0404 for my MIDI IN which in the SB had a huge latency . Now , no latency AND I was able to get both cards working , EMU for IN and RECORDING and SB for OUT PLAYING -LRB- each change requires a reboot -RRB- Cost for EMU $ 1073 -RRB- Need extra Drive , at least 50-60 GB and 7200 speed . I had this , but you may need to buy and install it . Cost you around 60 bucks.My System : AMD Athlon XP 3000 + , had 1.0 GB RAM , now it 's 2GB , had SB X-Fi , now also EMU 0404 . No problems after the 2 upgrades.Why did I buy?I wanted
 I had an ilok nightmare ... The following is an excerpt from what I emailed to the ilok folks ... `` I got a message during synchronization that my active x was not initialized . After about an hour of watching the little arrow go by and not wanting to touch the browser or interrupt the synchroniztion ... I finally clicked on the `` click here '' on the error message ... then went through this same loop again ... I am wondering if I messed up the $ 50 ilok because I interrupted the synchronization ... `` I was able to get through the ilok maze . It was not easy . My email was not returned ... I have used this VST now for 6 months . I now find the Bosendorfer sounds to be unsatisfactory . At first the bass resonance was very attractive but the upper register notes die too quickly which is a fault of numerous piano sounds . The German Steinway sound is very good but you have to work with it . It sounds best with more sustain pedal .
 My daughter loves the games and the challenge . I recoomend this for any parent who wants their kids to have fun and learn at the same time .
 This is an excellent collection of classic games for children . Some of them are around 10 years old , but all ported to run under Windows XP . Amazon 's product description is very vague in this case , so here are the titles for the individual games : - Arthur 's Math Games - Living Books
 This is by far the handiest application when you are on the road . Voice recognition software which understands English in no matter which accent , from my Greek mom to my Australian daughter.If you 're over 50 and do n't have your glasses on to call someone , no problem . Michelle -LRB- MS Voice Command 1.5 -RRB- will call the number for you , only after she asks you which of the three numbers you have listed , you would like to call . This is really brilliant.On the down side , I wish it could do more , like , read and write SMS and e-mail messages as well as Word docs for me .
 I tried the demo version and after 2 days of it I could n't go back.This gets most everything I say right the first time , and on the odd errors it seems to learn very quickly.Totally painless.The only thing I wish it did was work with my bluetooth headset . Something everyone is wishing for.I tried Fonix voicecentral and it did n't recognize anything I said .
 I have found this software to be very useful , particularly for those who are in the car all the time and/or who have large databases that take some time to sort through . I use the `` show -LRB- contact name -RRB- '' command all the time and it immediately pulls up the information screen for that contact , saving me having to sort through my contact list . I can then just click which number or email address I want to use dial/send to.Also , the `` Dial 801-897-XXX '' is a great feature when driving or simply to keep me from having to use the little on-screen phone keys of my smart-phone . To be desired
 Excellent product - what a time saver.Functionality - very stable - works well.Pity it 's not Blue Tooth compatible
 I love this product but am very unhappy about the fact that you can not upgrade to version 1.6 without paying the full price for the product again . If you purchased 1.5 on Handango , they will let you upgrade for only $ 9.99 , but you ca n't do this if you purchased 1.5 on Amazon or anywhere else .
 When I first got my Cingular 8125 , it was hard to use while driving -- actually impossible . With the voice dialing features in this software , the phone is perfect . Anyone who has a PDA phone should have this software .
 Voice Command works well with my T-Mobile MDA ... in fact it is one of the best Microsoft applications I have ever seen for Windows Mobile . The voice recognition takes no training and you learn the commands quickly because unlike oher , older programs , they make sense ! It rarely messes up when I want to voicedial or select music to play and my favorite part is that it works well - even when I do n't have on my bluetooth headset ! I would highly recommend this product to anyone with a Windows Mobile 5.0 Smartphone !
 This is a great product . I continue to be surprised by the nearly flawless performance of this voice-driven phone utility . I usually keep my phone in a holster that covers its screen . With Voice Command , I can make calls , control ring tones , check appointments , and even ask for the date and time without having to open the holster . This is a must-have product if you use your cell phone in your car .
 I 've used this now for about 6 months and I do n't know what I 'd do without it . I have a pocket pc with a full screen display , to dial by hand I have to use the stylus or risk dialing wrong . With this product all I do is press a button and say `` Dial 555-5555 '' and it will repeat the number to me to make sure it understood , and then it will dial . It also allows me to say `` Call on < Home , Cell , Work , etc > '' and it will go through all my contacts and find that person , and the associated number and dial for me.My friends have made fun of my for using this , and now whenever I am asking my phone to dial , they 'll start yelling random numbers and words just to make my life difficult . But as long as you have good friends , then this product is for you.There have only been a few times where the background noise in an area has been too much for my phone to handle . I am actually surprised about how much background noise it can filter out . I am sure that some people with different voice tones might have difficulty , but 90 % of people should be alright.Some of my international friends with accents have tried it as well , and it does a remarkable job at understanding them as well .
 I wish it did a little more but all in all it works great . I had to learn how to use the proper voice commands but after that I really like it .
 You can do many things without using the pen or the keyboard . I would like more commands were added to this software . Something bad is you can not use the hadsfree button of your PDA phone as the Voice Command Button .
 It 's very good and makes it easy to launch programs or dial phone numbers . I 'm still testing it , but so far it 's doing great .
 It 's a lot faster to say `` Call Jane Doe Mobile '' than to click a bunch of buttons .
 Really works great . Not too difficult to install and makes my PDA phone a lot more useful . No voice training was necessary and did I say it works great ? I 've only really had two issues . The first is rembering to say EXACTLY the name as it appears in the database , as an example , it wont recognize your saying Dan as short for Daniel . I had a conflict with another program . I had to choose which program to keep and I made the easy choice to keep the voice command . I would suggest that you check the version of your operating system prior to purchase to prevent conflicts . Every once in a while I become passionate amout a product and I can honestly say this product has allowed me to make MUCH better use of my phone and 1,500 contacts .
 This is an excellent product by Microsoft . This software recognizes any kind of english accent very easily . I use a Cingular 8125 pocket pc and dialing is a pain in this pocket pc without such a tool as you will mostly need the stylus to dial which is not at all practical while driving.The feature which is missing in MS Voice Command is after you dial a number , if you want to make some input some number to the call for IVR , you have to use the pocket pc keypad only . MS Voice Command does not support this feature .
 This product really is amazing , because it really does WORK ! Sure , there are occasional bugs and glitches , but all in all it does a truly remarkable job of recognizing spoken commands and answering requests . If you have a PocketPC Phone , this product is a must have . Look out to see if you can get the newest version -LRB- 1.6 -RRB- , though , as 1.5 does n't support commands via bluetooth headsets .
 I just bought version 1.6 of this software and it is absolutely wonderful ! The new version has support for Bluetooth headsets and as soon as I loaded it on my phone ... it worked ! Now my PPC6700 is totally hands free . Before getting this I had to take my device out of it 's case to dial any number not already in my PPC ... not anymore , I just say dial ; 555-555-5555 or any number and it repeats it back to me and it dials the number . The voice recognition is great ... this software needs no voice training and it will recognize your commands as soon as it is loaded !
 I wanted this for the safety . Driving down the road and looking for a phone number is just crazy . Voice Command solves that problem . Just mention who you want to all and keep on going . There are some times when it struggles with name recognition . Arnold Schwarzeneger would be a tough one but it generally gets it right . Works with every name in the address book , tells you when you have appointments , can be used to start software programs , and probably some more stuff I have n't figured out yet .
 I have been using Voice Command for about 2 months now and I am pretty amazed at the accuracy of it 's voice recognition , that is , when Voice Command gets it right . When it fails to understand multiple pronunciations of the same name it can quite frustrating . Recently , I was trying to call a friend and Voice Command was trying hard to find him , but kept coming back with the same wrong response . No matter how I pronounced my friend 's name , it found another name.I think that Voice Command would be better if it had some learning capability so that if Voice Command fails several times , it will stop returning the same incorrect response . An optional learning mode that would allow you to teach it hard-to-pronounce names might be useful for those that need it.Also , I would like it to be integrated with my Bluetooth headset . I would like to simply push the headset button to activate Voice Command . This would eliminate the need to find the `` Voice Command button '' on the phone . I mean , how hands-free could a phone be if you did n't even need to touch it!I have n't found Voice Command very useful for tasks other than dialing . I have had little luck with opening applications or files , although the time and date features are handy.As I said , I am amazed at the accuracy of Voice Command when it works , especially since it works with no training at all . I would recommend it for anyone that wants reasonably accurate voice dialing .
 This program was easy to install and relatively easy to use . I had to reassign a button to run the program , but then it worked well . The best feature is the simplest
 This is a wonderful software which in a fun , yet efficient way , assists the person who is multi-tasking and on the go or the person just kicking back and relaxing . It makes navigating through a PDA not only delight , but also provides professionalism in business settings . I have a Dell Axim X50 using Windows Mobile 2003 2nd ed. , which is without question my Electronic Executive Secretary and now whatever information I need the Axim provides it `` upon my vocal request '' . From my Contacts to Microsoft Office files and folder , i.e. Word/Excel , from Windows Media to my Next Appointment , from my Battery level to my Notes , it is all quickly available at a touch of a button and a voice command . The voice command is easy to use and is developed in a practicle manner . My Six year daughter gets a kick out being able to call up games and music by just saying their names or titles . I am sure that those persons who have the hybrid phone and PDA will appreciate being able to use voice command to makes phone calls . While in transit I get necessary information in a simple , quick and efficent manner . what more can I say Voice Command has completed my PDA needs and I am VERY HAPPY . Voice Command is the way to go and I highly recommend it ; the person of leisure or the Executive on the go . It would in my opinion , be hard to be dissappointed with this software as it is well worth the investment .
 This is a totally amazing piece of software . It works incredibly well with no voice training whatsoever . Everyone that has a PocketPC Windows Mobile 5.0 SmartPhone should have this software . I have a Cingalar 8125 and use it all the time . Voice dialing is very easy . Much better than the crap that comes bundled with the phone and OS . It even announces my appointments and reminders . A MUST HAVE .
 My son bought this product for our computer . He is 8 . He loves it . My daughter who is 12 also plays it . I would definitely recommend this for any Rocket Power fan .
 Rocket Pogo is really fun , but it takes a few tries to get the controls figured out . And it runs great on my machine . It 's true that the games are not completely original , but few Rocket Power fans have played the games they ARE based on . Roller Rocketball is worth unlocking because it 's one of the funnest games , too . The graphics look just like the show . The music is awesome - can I buy a CD soundtrack ? This game is a great deal for hours of fun !
 great games graphics cant describe it its so awesome just leaves u breathless its so awesome
 My daughter asked for this game . She is a Power Rangers fanatic . She finds this game challenging and exciting . Plays it constantly . She loves the colors , graphics and activities . I love the fact that it teaches coordination and attention skills . I 'd buy more Ranger games for her if I could find them . I 'd like to see a CD-ROM for each of the different Power Ranger series .
 We just received this game for my son 's 6th birthday . He loves the Power Rangers and is a pretty savvy computer user for his age . Right away I can see that this game keeps his attention with exciting graphics and different crime fighting activities for each Power Ranger to triumph over evil . My son gives it a thumbs up and mom recommends it too -LRB- yes , I 've even played it today : o -RRB-
 THIS GAME IS AN OUTSTANDING WAY FOR YOU TO ENJOY THE WORLD OF THE POWER RANGERS . FIGHTING EVIL IS AND STOMPING IT OUT IS THE NUMBER ONE GOAL .
 I bought this game the first day it came out , i was so excited when i got home and popped it in , this is what i thought of it - super cool!I am 18 and this game was action even enough for me . I recommend this game to my age group because the power rangers are still cool and they fight crime in a good lessoned way.Go go power rangers !
 it is a fun game , you have to protect mr.krabbs krabby patty recipe.threre is voices from the tv show .
 This is the first SpongeBob game I ever received . In `` Operation Krabby Patty , '' you have to help SpongeBob defeat Plankton 's evil plans to steal the Krabby Patty formula . There are two sides to the game
 This is a fun and challenging -LRB- for ages 6-11 -RRB- game , that lets you control the story of a spongebob episode . Including1.Stopping Plankton from getting the formula2.Boating School3.Riding the Hooks4.Jellyfishing5.Stopping Evil Pirates led by the Flying Dutchman
 Got as a gift for a friend , arrived in time in good condition .
 After you finish the game , 2 different stories , you can watch almost 30 minutes worth of movies all linked together creating two full episodes ...
 i love sponfebob he is so funny ! this game was excellent . it had lots of funny cartoons in it to . i espescially liked the pirate ship when you shoot bubbles .
 If u like spongebob on tv u will love playing this game . U have to go through these different activities like boating school jelly fishing and other stuff to unlock the other games . I would recommend it for a kid that has patience and isnt a sore loser . But once u get the hang of it its tons of fun to play ~ ! ~ I hope this helped u ~ ! ~ :-RRB- :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 This game is very funny and fun . The cut-scenes make us laugh all the time . It takes some time to learn how to win each game , but it 's very fun to play while you learn . Me and my 5-year-old brother love this game . -LRB- As dictated to Daddy -RRB-
 HI my name is Andrew and I am 12 years old -LRB- I love the sponge bob show -RRB- I really like this game . when you wake up from bed you are sponge bob . then you can get up on the wrong side of the bed or the right side of your bed . when you choose a side it will have a different task if you get up on the wrong side of the bed you will not be able to find gary ! then you will see a tape recorder it will start palying And plankton stole gary ! so on the tape plank ton will want you to give himsome stuff or he will not give you back gary . so once you finish one taskthere will be another recorder and he will give you some thing else to do . and after you finished all the tasks he will give you gary . if you get up on the right side of the bed . you have to warn mr.krabs about plaktons robo krabs ! and so you have to help you friends along the way so you can get to the real mr.krabs and tell him about robo krabs . the only thing that I did not like about this game is if you get up on the right side or the wrong side you will have to do the same thing like on the wrong side of the bed you have to get your drivers permit , get jelly fish jelly , get cheese off hooks , help mr.krabs get rid of pirates , and get a krabby patty -LRB- it is not as easy and it sounds -RRB- and on the right side of the game you basicly have to do the same thing . theonly difference is that you drive a different car , when you jelly fish you can be sandy , when you get a krabby patty you are robo krabs , and when you get the cheese you are patrick , but it is the same thing when you have to get rid of the pirates that is the resson I gave it 4 stars . well you are most likely geting bord so bye .
 I purchased this game about 3 or 2 months ago . I must admit , it is very fun but it is very short . It took me about an hour to defeat both of the episodes . Another flaw was the cut-scenes , which are entertaining but the characters do n't look right . Spongebob 's cheeks are way too low and other things like that.I would recommend playing this game first before buying it to see if you like it .
 This game is very fun . I purchased this game a few years ago . You can have SpongeBob wake up on the right side of the bed or on the wrong side . There are 5 mini-games , but they are the same on either side of the bed . The cut scenes are funny even if the characters look a little different , and even though Mr.Krabs sounds a little different . After I play this game for a while , it gets boring . I set it aside for a while and when I come across it again , it is fun again .
 i got this game in the nickelodeon 4-pack -LRB- nickelodeon 4-pack comes with wild thornberries rambler , spongebob operation krabby patty , jimmy neutron vs. jimmy negatron , and rugrats all grown up -RRB- and i was impressed . it may not be exellent but its a fun game thats not hard or easy . its worth the money when you get the 4-pack but dont buy it alone . it has allot of varitey of games like when you help spongebob get his licence or find money for mr. crabs . i havnt played it for so long i forgot some of the games but it is fun .
 As cartoons become more perverted , -LRB- adult oriented -RRB- it 's refreshing to see sponge bob , safe for kids and quite funny . I loved cartoons as a kid , but cartoons seem to have become the domain of tacky adult entertainment of late . Rarely a gem in the rough like sponge bob on t.v. , or Dewdboy.com on the internet can be found , but they are losing to the corporate sex industry.We can do better for kids , people , support the good things , please !
 I LOVED THIS GAME ! I loved it so much as a kid , because it was so hard , and fun , and interesting that I had to buy it again ! it is not a game for 8 year olds . but 10 and up . Not because of anything really , but because its so confusing and filled with mystery ! It has lots of mystery and puzzles and fun games . its all together an amazing adventure ! hint
 I love this game !! It 's the best !! You can play the ` growed ' up Rugrats in an thrilling adventure and you can also play all the new characters like Kimi and Dil ! That 's what I love about the game 'cause Kimi is my fav character .
 Rugrats all growed up is so funny and interesting ! Its so neat to see how the rugrats look and ACT when they are 12 years old ! Its very neat seeing how the rugrats have changed so much since they were babies .
 Easy to install , easy to use . My 5 year-old figured how to play quickly , but the different levels of play are keeping him challenged . Dad likes it too .
 This is one of the Best Hot Wheels Racing Games available for kids ... You can practically drive anywhere , even fly !!!
 I 'm not sure why , but the game wo n't work on all of our computers . The computer that it does work on wo n't allow the game to be saved ; I guess it 's just too old . My 10 year old enjoys it anyway .
 My 3 year old son loves this game ! The game is n't structured in a `` story '' type format , so he does n't have to really do anything but drive if that 's all he 's int he mood for . He loves the motorcycle , and he 's very much into playing police/fireman games right now , so it 's perfect . Graphics are nicely done , not knock-your-socks-off great , but nicely done . Perfect for kids because like I said , there is n't a set way that you have to play it or it shuts off . Also , he uses the keyboard to control the game , which is much easier for hands that are n't big enough to get to all the buttons on a controller.From my side , the sound effects are a little bit too much-sirens and such , but the volume can be turned down , so that 's not a huge deal . There 's no killing/guns/enemies-nice and non-violent . And it keeps his attention very well - I have to drag him off the computer!A very good purchase .
 My five year old is crazy about this program . And , it 's not violent , and he can operate it on his own .
 This game is truely a fun game . You get to save the city as a firefighter , police man , and a paramedic . So try to rent it some where before you buy it . It 's a very hard game . I recommend it for children 8 and up . But it 's up to you parents . So go and play it . Have fun . You will Love . Play it or else . Go and get it NOW ! Thanks .
 This item is really cool . I really like it , I like this item so much I am going to name my pet lizard after it . -LRB- just kidding -RRB- It is a good game for kids because it teaches them to be the good guys . Unlike other games where it is the idea to be the bad guy and kill people . This game teaches you to conserve the peace . But at the same time you are involved in high speed chases and put out fires . This game is more like a 10 .
 After download trial version , in no time I could make good-looking 3D words.Moving background.And the good news : It 's easy to export to your videos projects.Now I am planning to buy Ulead Cool 3D Studio , because I know it has even more feature that I am still lerning about.I RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT . -LRB- PORTUGUESE
 The beta version arrived at my house , was installed , and had lots of bells and whistles . Fancy colors , buttons , etc. . However , I am not sure that the changes are worth the kind of cash proposed by Microsoft 's suggested retail price . Word , Access and Excel are basically the same programs as XP , Powerpoint has a few nicer features -LRB- it always has had nice features -RRB- , and Outlook does have some data management not previously available . As a small business operator , I have found it much easier to track business contacts , emails , etc. . I also have a FrontPage designed website . The new FrontPage has a nifty `` split '' screen which allows you to look at your HTML coding along with the actual published page , both at the same time . The new FrontPage also makes general HTML tagging , coding , and changing much more user friendly . However , it suffers from the traditional Microsoft misery ; namely , the online help is virtually useless . This is also true for Publisher . You will spend lots of frustrating moments with both of those programs ...
 I have been using office since 1992 and frankly I was getting a little tired of the same look and feel . Well , after win xp came out I knew it was only a matter of time before Microsoft made office look and feel more lively.Well , as soon as the beta version became available in June I purchased my copy of the 2003 Office and the whole bundle of the other products . I was a little reluctant to use the beta version for safety and stability reasons but I have to say that except for FrontPage 2003 , ALL other software is 100 % stable as a beta version . This only goes to show that the product really was programmed well.Not a lot of change in the word and excel except for a few new things . However , outlook now looks fantastic and is incredibly productive . What a wonderful change ... The look and feel of outlook is finally modernized and it is very useful in the office . I am CEO of a small company and we always struggled to keep a good track of our customers . With outlook 2003 ' contact manager that is now a snap . For example , every time you send an email to a client that you have previously registered in outlook as a customer , the email automatically becomes attached to that account . So , tomorrow you can just go the customers account and you will see all the emails they sent you and the ones you sent them all in one place . I love that!PowerPoint has also gotten nicer . Many more transitions and themes . All around PowerPoint has always been a good piece of software and you ca n't fix something if it ai n't broken.Access looks great too . I think outlook and access both got a lot of things changed . I must say we use mysql for our company but if you are an access person , you will like the changes.All and all I would absolutely recommend a change if you have a 2000 or older version of office . BUT if you are happy with your office xp now , really do n't waste your money in this poor economy.Hope this helps !
 Let me tell you , I 've used every version of Office that 's been released since 1995 , and this edition is by far the best one yet.I was quite dissapointed with Office XP , luckily lots of problems have been fixed in this new version . First of all , all the programs that come with office load MUCH faster . It use to take nearly a minute to open word or excel , now they open in under 30 seconds.Also , they have reintroduced Publisher as part of the main packages . Publisher , since I am a student who makes lots of paper creative design projects , was one of the most useful programs on my computer before the upgrade to Office XP . I was devastated when Microsoft pulled it from Office . I suppose I was n't alone because it 's back and better than before.Along the same lines , Outlook has received it 's first major update since 2000 . In fact , it is now easy enough to use that I actually have picked it over Outlook Express -LRB- a personal first -RRB- . Overall , I must say that Office 2003 makes Office XP look like a train wreck of a program . I must recommend Office 2003 to anyone who uses Office of any edition , but especially to those who use XP because they have no idea how much they 're missing.Welcome to the future of Office .
 I really like this new version of Microsoft Office . Like previous upgrades , there is n't too much of a difference in Excel and Word other than a few things , it is Outlook which has the largest improvements . I really like the new look as it uses `` screen real-estate '' much more efficiently . The Junk E-Mail filters are better than in previous editions -LRB- much better ! -RRB- and I had no problems working with my previous PST files . Also , the ability to send busy and free times to people not on Exchange is really nice.However , I do like the changes in Word and Excel , especially as it comes to sharing with other users . It is nice to have control over what is shared and what is n't shared . The improved digital signature is a fantastic benefit as well.And Access . I use Access all the time for my personal databases . I was really concerned that this might be an upgrade like how 2000 was to 97 where you would need to convert everything over and it would n't be backwards compatible . Thank goodness everything is backwards compatible . That is a real life saver . The backup feature is excellent as well !! My hats off to Microsoft for another great product !!
 After having used Offfice XP Pro , in particular , Word , Excel , and Access , I have nothing but praise for a better refined UI . The package seems to operate extremely well in the Windows XP Pro environment . I can not say the same ; however , for the Windows 2000 Pro environment . I was very frustrated by numerous `` hangs '' while processing and from the multiple program crashes that occured in MS Word on a document that ran about 93 pages and heavily laden with charts . The older version of MS Word -LRB- Office XP -RRB- never had this problem . I cringed four times in 3 hours as i watched the `` Do you want to send an error report to Microsoft '' come up within a couple of hours.The upside to this is that every document was recovered fully each time that this occured in Word . I have not experienced any problems in Excel or Access yet.My outlook is that it is probably more cautious to install this on Windows XP machines and not Windows 2000 . Too much dissruption of workflow with the numerous crashes .
 I had my first look at Office 2003 while it was still in Beta - which was kind of buggy -LRB- mostly Outlook -RRB- - but the production release of Office 2003 is well worth the money , and seems very stable . I upgraded from Office 2000 sp4 , and find that Office 2003 has tighter integration , more functionality , better filters and rules in Outlook , and incredible prospects with the XML function set that enables easy exchange of information with other platforms and systems.The Business Contact Manager in Outlook makes keeping track of your suppliers and customers easier than ever ! Just register the contact as a business in Outlook , and all documentation created through Outlook is automatically attached to their business profile - basically creating a one stop data pool for each registered business client.I use SQL , mySQL , and Access as data tools , and find the XML functionality in Access is great for moving data from one format to another . It 's also very useful for creating data driven XML documents for use in front ends built with Flash MX.While Word and Excel are pretty much the same , with a few added bells and whistles , the newer functionalities in Outlook and Access make my life easier and definitely pay for the upgrade in saved time.Amazon offers the lowest price out there -LRB- beleive me when I tell I 've looked around -RRB- on the upgrade . Add the availability of rebate offers through Amazon , and you really ca n't go wrong.Happy computing!BocGet a Life Style!http : / / www.getalifestyle.org
 If you use Microsoft Office in you daily work you are going to love this latest version of Office Professional.Folks who use the water-down free-ware that 's available get exactly what they pay for!There are too many advances beyond Office XP Professional for me to attempt a worthy list . My favorite improvement so far -LRB- installed less than 24 hours ago -RRB- is the Reseach tool allowing me to immediately look up words in a dictionary , thesarus , or various websites and in several different languages . Its nice that results appear in a side-bar . This is an extremely powerful feature .
 Well , what can I say bad about this product ? Nothing ! Great utilities and it would take years to learn them all . I do n't use word for web creation because I use dreamweaver . I find that MS writes too much extra code on html pages . The best feature of woed is the styles menu for formatting long documents . A very competent programmer enlightened me about this years ago and I have more efficiently created long documents in word than in word perfect , which I stopped using years ago .
 Highly recommend this product for anyone who is running an office or simply to run your business and various uses for this software product.This version seems to integrate the different modules -LRB- Word , Excel , Power Point , Access , Publisher and of course Outlook -RRB- better . So far , I have n't seen any bugs or anything to scream about as with previous upgrades.Definitely upgrade to 2003 ! Sincerely , HeatherAssistant For You!http : / / www.assistantforyou.com
 Great product ! Does everything I expected and more . I have been using this product on my home computer for over a year and knew that my office computer needed to be upgraded to this version .
 I ca n't tell you how much I appreciate Office 2003 . I spend most of my day in front of the computer and I really can feel the time savings now that I have upgraded . It was so easy and quick to upgrade , and all my settings were still there -LRB- I have a bunch in Outlook -RRB- . I would definitely recommend Office 2003 and the templates that are included when you open a new file are fabulous ... I use and benefit from Office 2003 every day !
 It would be nice if the contents were listed , with all of Microsoft 's versions , it gets confusing .
 This Version seems to work better than the last version I had been using for some time . Nice improvement .
 I am using Microsoft Office 2003 Professional Enterprise edition , obtained through an MSDN subscription.Microsoft Office System 2003 will prove to be the best in its class . The Microsoft Office Family has been revamped to provide industry standard XML and . NET support . Files can be easily shared between applications in the Office System family.Microsoft Office now includes a new research tool that allows you to easily search for information . You can search research books -LRB- thesaurus , dictionaries -RRB- and web resources . Third party developers are creating even more sources -LRB- like Google -RRB- that will make this an essential tool for anyone writing reports.Microsoft Outlook has been revamped with a new and improved interface . It is now easy to categorize messages , calendar items , contacts and more . These items can then be sorted by category ! Outlook 2003 is easier to use than any previous version.Microsoft Office 2003 is a complete solution for the home and business user alike . It is an essential tool for students and developers . The wave of the future is XML and Microsoft is beginning to shape that future today.If you are new to Microsoft Office this is an essential product . This is a nice upgrade from Office 2000 or XP , but mostly for developers and businesses . If you want to harness the power of XML or . NET this is for you.Microsoft Office System 2003 will only run on systems with Windows 2000 or XP installed .
 Since b4 i had office 97 , getting office 2003 really did show me several big and useful changes and I like it.Office suite is good but windows just sucks .
 The layout of Office 2003 is better than Office 2003 , which has improved my efficiency . For those who spend all day working with the Outlook package , it 's worth the money to upgrade .
 I was happy enough with the function of Office XP , and held off upgrading for a long time . What pushed me over was when I switched to using Outlook as my email client , accessing quite a few POP3 email accounts for various websites . Getting a spam filter to work smoothly under that circumstance was nasty
 Microsoft Office Pro 2003 edition is a good product . It installed easily over Office Pro 1997 . I have n't had any problems with it -LRB- yet -RRB- . It relies heavily on online links , you probably should have a fast DSL connection or broadband if you are going to use the online links.Update : I am using Windows XP with Office Pro 2003 and today was disappointed to find that the Help menu is not as user friendly or helpful as earlier editions .
 If you heat junk-mail they way I do , it 's worth it ! The Junk E-Mail filters are great . The new Outlook look is the best and I love the Outlook Video 10sec e-mail add-on and the two page doc . in Word , I do like the changes in Word and Excel If you like to keep up-to-date and really into new features , buy it ! if you do n't like change , than have a nice day in your little world.Thanks Microsoft for another great product !!
 For me the upgrade was a great thing.There had always been things about Office XP that just did n't work right.After the software was loaded , indeed I had some configuration issues . It worked , but it was n't slick.But Microsoft Help stepped in . The software support guy took control of my computer using net-meeting and looked at all the configuration issues . Turned out to be some conflicts with my virus protection -LRB- I 've had these before , P.N. -RRB- and with some Microsoft add-ins . Point is , he made the conflicts go away.Microsoft `` help '' has been a sometime thing , in the past.Today , it rose to the top shelf.I am quite happy with Office 2003 .
 It was so nice to be able to get this product ! All the reviews and personal information I have received about Office 2007 are horrible ! This product is exactly what I expected and was very easy to install .
 This is a perfect office suite for those who do n't need all the new stuff that is available in office 2007 . Outlook appears to be working great without some of the hang-ups in earlier additions . Probably more stuff in here than most people need , but it is easy to use and has some great enhancements .
 This has improved greatly since 2000 , and includes training on Microsoft.com . I have enjoyed learning more about each product in the office package .
 I was having problems accessing files which were being sent to me while I was still using Office 2000 . The purchase and installation of upgrade has solved the problem .
 Microsoft Office is the Industry standard . The item I ordered was used , and when I received it the contents appeared as new . Everything was in the box and everything worked as expected . I am very satisfied and confident in buying used software and books on Amazon .
 Thanks ! This arrived quickly and loaded up just fine . I had lost my old discs but love having this old comfortable software on my reserve machine . Works great on Windows 7 .
 I really needed the software the day I ordered it . Got it in about half the time promised . Great service !! Pricing was very good . Very pleased .
 Product received as described . Ordered 3 , received 2 . Had to contact Amazon for a refund , which was issued immediately . Would order from again .
 Yes , it 's true , NEW is almost always better , greater , more powerful ... however no one ever will ever realise your CV , thesis , Ph.D. or whatever you 're going to do is done with one or more version behind . It 's still as powerful as it had been some time ago and differences may be marginal for what you have in mind , however it runs at lighning speed compared to the most up-to-date version . Plus , most if not all bugs got fixed ! Apart from that , there 's little to say about the leading office package - it 's just perfect for almost everything you ever want to do , and some things you have to do .
 I really like this version of Office . There are many new enhancements that make it much more efficient and user friendly .
 I am very pleased with the product - I had trouble with my system and Microsoft tech support was outstanding on helping me solve the issues .
 This is a justified upgrade for all Office 97 , 2000 and some Office XP users . Office has evolved into a system of information gathering tools , a set of solutions for ideas , communication , connecting people and places . Intense XML -LRB- extensible markup language -RRB- integration for generating solutions that are compatible with today 's , tomorrow and future standards . The updated applications integrate with the Windows XP experience featuring a bolder inviting interface . I am disappointed with the default use of the current theme in Windows XP , but with the new tool bar icons , it makes you forget about that . Overall it 's a wonderful work experience with Office 2003 . The suite offers improved reliability and stability , because of the integration with the supported operating systems . Once the suite is installed , you do n't have to restart your computer , just start using the applications , the suite even has its own default programs group -LRB- finally -RRB- , which keeps your programs menu less cluttered.Word 2003 includes development tools that add dynamic features to documents making them powerful than ever . The power beneath all this is XML , allowing the user to embed components for updating data in documents such as stock quotes . Word 2003 offers simple , familiar yet improved features regular users are accustomed to . Majority of the features in Word 2003 are aimed primarily toward businesses and the Enterprise . But are still necessary for the average user because of the control over information across all the Office applications . Tools such as Information Rights Management -LRB- IRM -RRB- , -LRB- this controls the flow of information to specific users -RRB- , persons can be restricted on how they use your Office files ; whether it 's printing or sharing , very powerful ! Reading view is an enhanced mode of print preview ; documents are laid out in virtual pages reducing the need to print . The Task Pane is also improved by offering resources to look up information on a particular topic being typed ; this is a feature across the core Office applications . Lots of other great features make Word 2003 a worthy upgrade.Excel is a XML mammoth because of the integration with the language . The ability to migrate data between different storage sources and extraction of information to make it flexible in different scenarios . Tables can be transferred back and forth between applications such Word with ease . Excel can continually use the tables from documents as a data source for further expandability . It 's the flexibility for data exchange that makes Excel 2003 very powerful.Outlook , is so revamped , this alone is a worthy upgrade . Three panes in Outlook 2003 make e-mail an enjoyable experience . The Mail Pane holds all of the necessary tools found in prior versions of Outlook such as the Outlook Bar , and the different folders such as inbox , calendar , etc. . The second pane gives an expanded view of the different items listed in the Mail Pane , like your incoming mail , contacts and calendar , which makes reading these information resources easier on the eye and productive by providing a better view . Reading your e-mail in the third pane -LRB- Preview Pane -RRB- , the user views the message in portrait layout , more content is seen compared to prior versions . Its even better to view e-mails with `` Clear Type '' turned on for Windows XP users . Other features such as improved Virus and Spam protection makes Outlook 2003 a great upgrade . Outlook is not placed on the desktop by default , it can also be minimized to the system tray in Windows , for users connected to an Exchange Server , this displays all the network settings available.PowerPoint 2003 offers the same features of version 2002 , but what makes it an enticing upgrade is the package to CD feature that allows users to save presentations onto CD-ROMS . The PowerPoint Viewer included with each Package to CD allows it to be played on other computer systems even if PowerPoint is not installed . Windows media integration is also in PowerPoint 2003 , which makes watching presentations more fun and exciting . The effects are fantastic when combined with these elements . The ability to integrate videos into Presentations to create home movies has long been a request of users , even if they have a DVD burner . For the PowerPoint 2000 user this is a worthy upgrade that provides simple yet Powerful tools to take presentation graphics to a new level.This new version of Access is also XML integrated , enhanced features such as extraction of data from multiple tables , Access 2003 also improves Smart Tag integration . The ability to design solutions within the program makes web services a powerful resource for the enterprise ; the flawless integration with Microsoft SQL makes information sharing a productive experience . This makes data storing and retrieval an easy way to control how data is implemented across many scenarios using personalized solutions , allowing your information to have a stronger impact across the Enterprise.Publisher has become a mainstream Office application because of its integration with other Office programs . It connects to product databases ; the Mail Merge feature is much improved because it 's the same one as Microsoft Word , which offers greater ease of use . The Start Center is awesome , which makes starting publications an organized experience for the user . The interface is less cluttered and more customizable . You can rename pages like Workbooks for better searching , if you are typing large publications . The website features are easier to use ; it provides satisfactory integration with FrontPage , for converting websites created in Publisher . With a total of 45 design master sets , users can create attractive e-mails that are fully compatible with many messaging services . The ability to merge data sources using text and images is great . Compatibility goes back to Publisher 2000 , which is a draw back for users who might be using Publisher 98 or under.Outlook Business Contact Manager is an application that offers features for Small Businesses for generating customer reports and e-mailing customers.Picture Manager has replaced Photo-Editor ; it has better image editing tools , more functionality and ease of use.Office 2003 is a worthy upgrade for many users , especially persons still in an existing Office 97 or 2000 user base . The tools it provides offers a powerful productivity experience that makes information accessible , controllable and connected for you the user.The suite and all the Office 2003 applications are supported only on Windows 2000 Service Pack 3 , Windows XP all editions .
 In the world of software , efficiency matters . And despite its lesser known name , the `` ZoneAlarm Antivirus 2006 '' package remains one of the most potent antiviral software available today . The news that this supposedly antivirus package comes with an equally effective internet security firewall will gladden the hearts of its users.Quite unlike other newly introduced packages , there are few but negligible bugs in this software . And with its relatively cheap retail price , such a minor issue could be easily accommodated . Twice I have installed this software , twice I was impressed by how smooth the entire procedure ran . Not even the most notable names in antiviral software have produced anything that has positively surprised me in this regard . I experienced zero hang-ups , zero blue screens
 I found this easy to set up , anyone should be able to do it . It walks you through everything and makes suggestions about what you should do if you 're not sure . I 've had no problems with it on my computer , it does n't slow anything down and it found and fixed a virus the first day I ran it . Very good product for the price .
 My Norton 2002 antivirus had expired and they were no longer supporting an update for that version . You need to buy a new version of theirs , and from everything I have heard , it is very problematic ! I did some research . Does n't seem like too many people like most of the popular anti-virus products out there . This one from Zone Alarm , however , does well in the reviews ; not only here on Amazon but on other sites I checked out . Additionally , I had used a free trial version of their firewall last summer and liked that.Installed this tonight -LRB- which was extremely easy -RRB- . I ca n't imagine most people needing to contact ` Support ' for the install . It was very user friendly , downloaded an ` update ' and was all set in about 30 minutes . Then ran a full scan and that only took about 30 minutes too -LRB- unlike Norton which ran for almost 2 hours last time I used it !! -RRB- . Bottom line , I would recommend this . Also , the price is right -LRB- old Norton users are intitled to a $ 10 rebate with proof ! -RRB- So 4 stars for now , until I 've actually used it for a while ...
 I really liked how easy it was to set up the software on my computer and how user friendly it is . I also liked the price point , since it 's a little less expensive than the other big brands but still has all that you need in an anti-virus software .
 I set up my sister 's new computer and it had a 60-day free trial of McAfee Security Suite . She uses a dial-up connection so before I took it to her house I connected it to my DSL connection to get the latest updates . McAfee keeps wanting to validate the subscription and even after updating on my DSL , when I set up the computer at her house , McAfee had a download that took over two hours . She recently called me in tears because McAfee had shutdown her virus scan software because it could not validate the subscription . So , I 've countered with buying Zone Alarm AntiVirus 2006 and I do n't expect to hear from her over fear that her new computer is not protected . Zone Alarm makes it easy .
 It does exactly what you want it to do . It protects your system and lets you feel secure about it . It 's easy to use and intuitive . Once it has your directions which it prompts , it 's set it and forget it .
 I 've used the other well known brand 's software , this product is much better - in terms of resource usage and useability . It protects and mostly stays out of your way once you 've told it what applications should have access . It never shows annoying popups - rather it has consistent alert panel on lower right -LRB- this way most users will realize that this is not one of those internet popups -RRB- . I 've used it for over a year now - I do n't recall ever it hogging up/freezing my machine . It has done a terrific job quaranting potential viruses I 've seen in email attachments as well as preventing software I do n't want to allow from accessing the internet - and it integrates with most email software , including thunderbird . Lastly , it has a nice quick `` Stop all Internet activity '' feature for those that do n't wish to shut down the machine and want to prevent any and all traffic in/out while away .
 Good overall package if you need virus and firewall . Works in the background with little impact to other processes once it has learned and set rules for your applications . Nice price too .
 After years of using two of the most popular antivirus/firewall products , I read a review in Consumer Reports . Based on the information I switched to Zone Alarm antivirus/firewall . I am very pleased with the results . It is easy to use , very robust , offers outstanding protection , less expensive and more efficient . It does not slow down my computer as much as the other products I 've used . Thank you Zone Alarms , for a superb product !
 This is very easy to use and keep up to date if you set up the program , when installing , to be automatic . So far no problems .
 It does do what is promised . . but , I come from many years of using Norton . Getting use to the constant pop-up questions took some time ; as Norton never ask me anything ! Zone does have a smaller footprint than Norton , thus saving many MB of space . A lot easer to use and to dump if you MUST ! ... Norton took me weeks to figure out HOW to get it OFF my computer ! Would I buy it again , YES . . I am still looking for a firewall , if zones sales team has one , I have never been approched to buy it . . if it is already `` in there '' I do not know ! I DO KNOW , My computer has NO BUGS ! and THAT 's what counts at the end of the daycomisar in Ohio
 My husband and I purchased this software when our Norton Anti Virus did n't stop a virus from wiping out the data on our computer . So far , we have had this for two months and love it . It seems to be doing a great job and is so easy to use . We would recommend this antivirus software to anyone .
 Ships quick - No hassle installation - Does n't tax your hard drive and processor like others do .
 Another great transaction with the Amazonians.Hope product stacks up to rave reviews . . Aint caught nothin YET ... Only time will tell.Zone seems to do the job just have to keep the muzzle adjusted !!
 I tried a couple of the other packages and found them to lack either parental controls or not work in a home network . This version has both - and was relatively easy to setup . It worked for me and I would recommend it .
 well , I just say what I did , first I used zone alarm as trial and I liked it then I went to zonealarm pro after that I bought zonealarm internet security all that because i found it very good and usefull and started using it years ago from zonealarm to zonealarm internet security and it is doing alot of things to protect my PC from viruses to spyes they also have very good firewall . . may be some people become sad spending money because the pought some softwares but I am happy that I bought this one and never thought of loosing money because I bought something good
 I purchased this product to upgrade from the 2005 version . The written instructions tell you that the installer will give you the choice of a clean install or upgrade , but it never got that far when I ran it . Instead I got a message that this product could not be used to upgrade . After reading through their -LRB- very helpful -RRB- online FAQs , I determined that I would first need to uninstall the previous version , then do a clean install . That worked fine , except that every so often when I start up the computer I get a message that my subscription has expired -LRB- even though it clearly has n't . -RRB- I emailed support , and they quickly sent a reply with the procedure for correcting the problem ... which involves uninstalling , reinstalling , deleting a registry key , blah blah blah . Other than this , I think the product is fine . The only negative thing I can think of with the actual software is that the email protection is very slow , though that may have to do with the size of my inbox .
 I like it . I 'm a big gamer and build performance machines.Another brand was affecting my benchmarks negatively and was even causing intermittent lock-ups on my laptop , which is brand new . After removing the other product and installing the free trial version of ZoneAlarm I was sold and bought the boxed version . I have n't had any trouble whatsoever since . Managing ports for on-line gaming was even easier . Its a simple program that gets the job done . Just take a look at the bloated hard drive requirements on the side of the other brand 's box and compare it to ZoneAlarm . There are some free download sites that you can download a trial version from . I recommend trying it for yourself . Do n't get me wrong . I used earlier versions of the other product with no trouble . The 2004 version of the other product hurt me . Later versions may be better but the reviews are n't . I intentionally replaced the name of the other product in my review to be fair .
 Since installing ZoneAlarm Security Suite 2006 a couple of weeks ago , I 've had no noticeable slow downs or any other problems . What I like about this product so far is that it 's very friendly to the near-novice computer user like me . It 's easy to access from your computer desk top , and simple to understand the graphics and instructions . I can follow what ZA does automatically for me , and what I need to do , much better than I could my previous Norton security package . Installation , including uninstalling my previous Norton package , was also straightforward . I have every reason to believe ZoneAlarm is a quality product .
 no product makes up for common sense when playing on the net ... but at least this one lets you configure and manage the risks and not just make yes or no decisions . You can still decide wrong and get into trouble but take advantage of the tool suite and do a little research and you should be okay . Installation is clean and software overhead does n't seam overly intrusive . Good product fair price .
 I have used ZoneAlarm firewall for years and was happy with it . The Security Suite is better than other software I was using . Very easy to install and run .
 Works well for protection - no problems there BUT I will not buy ZA products again because :1 -RRB- Banner ads that were blocked with Norton Internet Security are allowed with ZAIS06 . When I contacted ZA support about it they said they had a `` business agreement '' with Microsoft not to block ads on any of their pages . -LRB- aka Hotmail 's REALLY annoying flashing banners -RRB- .2 -RRB- Ends up being more complicated than necessary for sharing printers over a home network .3 -RRB- Have had issues on two different computers where ZA said my subscription for updates had run out -LRB- had n't -RRB- and saw the date as 2 years in the future -LRB- the computer 's date and time were set correctly -RRB- . Online suppport was no help other than telling me `` that 's a bizarre one '' and that my only choice was reinstalling and reupdating the software both times . Another weekend afternoon shot - life 's too short.PS Amazon wo n't let me change the star rating from an earlier review from shortly after installing the software . I give 3 stars now .
 I HAVE HAD ALL THE ANTI VIRUS PROGRAMS AND ZONE ALARM WORKS BEST.E . FIELD
 This is what you need if you want a suite of protection for you pc.I 've used mcafee . It drove me nuts . I 've used norton . Also drove me nuts . ZoneAlarm worked nearly flawlessly -LRB- as well as windows can . -RRB- It is a very stable and intuitive program that is what I have been looking for . All I can is that you should buy this and get rid of whatever you 're using now , especially if it 's Mcafee or norton . Just a sidenote
 I have Windows XP which came with McAfee . I used both Norton and McAfee but lately McAfee 's updates seem to have giving other users a lot of trouble . Rather than updating the anti-virus definitions , etc. , I decided to try Zone Alarm where many users seem to like it.I must say that from the moment I installed it the only problem I ran was that you have to completely unistall your current antivirus , firewall , etc. if ZoneAlarm is to work . To date the software has worked beautifully . Actually , I believe that my computer runs smoother and slightly faster . I definately would upgrade or buy this product again . Check some of the sellers for the bargain prices . I bought mine for 19.99 , which is a big savings from the ZoneAlarm website . It is worth every penny .
 This is an amazing program ! I already had another virus scanner and spyware sweeper on my computer , but I disabled them to see what Zone Alarm would do ; it found over 50 pieces of spyware on my computer that the other programs missed ! Within two days of running this program on my computer , it was running better than it had in weeks , just like it did when it was brand new ! The pop-up warnings can get a little annoying , but at least you know that everything is running correctly . I would definitely recommend this program to anyone looking for virus , spyware , or firewall protection .
 Easy installation . Takes a few sessions to allow ZA to learn what programs you use routinely -LRB- by user selectively choosing to always allow -RRB- . I supplemented my ZoneAlarm Suite with Spy Sweeper , to really protect against spyware , as suggested by a review I read . I would recommend both these products . The only complaint I have with ZA is that you can not create an online user account if you do not buy directly from Zone labs . This means you would have to type your license key in each time you request support -- hence , 4 stars instead of 5 .
 Easy to install . Some of the reminder items are a little distracting . Updates are very good and timely . I feel secure with this software -LRB- computer wise -RRB- .
 I entered the trial from the mfg. At first , it seemed like a volcano erupting . I had the new version of Norton in my system . . it was like they were in a karate match to take control . . then calm . . Zone took over and found ALL of the errors Norton did n't catch . I went to web sites , after web sites . . testing the ZoneAlarm . It wiped the slate ... . then the system seemed unstable . . then calm . . my system worked better than before ; Zone was `` arresting '' a lot of culprits which were `` hiding '' in the dark . Zone has proven to BE A CHAMPION ! I am buying the software ... . It REALLY works ...
 I have had both McAfee and Norton over the past three years . McAfee subsriptions would expire early and customer service could never help long term . Their website was no help . Norton 's hindered my system performance dramatically and its ' Junk Mail interface would only sporadically load in Outlook.I did my research this time and heard much the same from other reviewers . Purchased Zone Alarm , received a competitive rebate from my old Norton disk and installed it . It installed smoothly and interfaces seamlessly with my Outlook , doing a great job in segregating Spam . The ratings filters work great and my system just hums along . The scans and automatic updates work perfectly . No complaints here and I have had it over 3 months
 I 've used many anti-virus suites and firewalls , but by far this is the easiest I 've tried . It is easy to set up and works well .
 If you have this product , DO NOT UPGRADE TO V6 .5 !!!! I immediately had problems after doing this . The situation is as follows : I purchased the Zone Alarm Internet Security Suite last month and installed it recently . Installation went pretty smoothly and quickly -LRB- less than 10 minutes -RRB- . The same day I installed it -LRB- V6 .0.6 xx -RRB- , it wanted me to update to the newest version -LRB- V6 .5.2 xx or something like that -RRB- already.Now note that I had no problems with my just-installed version for the first day . -LRB- I have an older verion of ZA on another computer that works just fine also . -RRB- One day after installation , I went ahead and downloaded the new update . Immediately after this , I could no longer get online . The TrueVector Service part of the program would not load properly , thereby denying me access to the Internet.Thankfully I have another computer , so I accessed the net to search Zone Labs ' website for tech assistance . After reading through tons of forum posts I found a suggestion to do a clean uninstall and reinstall of the original version I bought.I followed the post to uninstall and such , and I 'm working online just fine now.As I was reading through the forum posts , I realized that I was not the only one with this and other , more serious problems due to the newest upgrade.So again , I just caution anyone that buys this or any other ZA Internet Security Suite version to NOT install the upgrade until these problems have been fixed ! The version I bought worked just fine until the upgrade . I have had no other serious problems with any other ZA product I 've used in the past , so hopefully this will be the only major issue I 'll have to deal with from Zone Alarm .
 Zone Alarm has always been at the top of their game when it comes to powerful and easy to use firewalls , and this version is no exception . The setup can be as easy as 4 clicks , or as extensive as you would like it to be . As always , the security is rock solid . You will not be barraged with the constant `` do you want to allow this '' prompt if you choose to let Zone Alarm handle your internet traffic . The firewall is very strong and powerful , and very effective at stopping a variety of attacks . Zone Alarm works well with XP 's native firewall so you will not have any conflicts using both -LRB- which is a good idea -RRB- . The anti-spam and anti-spyware tools are strong as well . The virus protection is fantastic as it is from Computer Associates -LRB- CA -RRB- -LRB- if you buy CA security suite you get Zone Alarm 's firewall -RRB- . CA 's EZ anti-virus is fast , has a small footprint , and great protection . They just have awful customer service so this is a good work around . I would recommend this product over Norton or McAfee for the above reasons . There are many more reason as well , but that would take us into techno speak , and most `` geeks '' are most likely using this prodcut anyway . Buy it , you will not be sorry as it is well worth the money .
 After unacceptable experiences with Norton products and Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin , Zone Alarm 's Internet Security Suite restores my faith in Good Product and Customer Service .
 This suite is easy to set up and use with many levels of security that can all be set individually . The firewall and virus protection are first-rate , and the option to block personal information from being sent to unintended web sites is a godsend . The banner ad blocker does restrict some valid content at the highest setting , but it is simple to scale this back .
 This suite is very effective in all aspects of its applications . If I have any negatives , it 's because it is so effective that it keeps popping up with alerts . Somewhat annoying especially when it repeats the same alert several times during the day .
 I had used Norton for years . I have read nothing but bad things about norton . It is a resource hog and has messed up a lot of systems , they seem to not to listen to thier customers . I recently bought a new laptop that came with norton for 3 months , as soon as it was over I removed it from my system and ordered zone alarm . I had used zone alarm firewall on my desktop so I thought I would give this one a try . No problems , easy set up . Norton you lost another customer !
 ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite 2006 works very well . It might be a little complicated for the casual user , but it has many automatic settings too . I was convinced to switch from my Norton , my McAfee and my AOL security software programs after reading the review on www.CNet.com . Just enter ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite 2006 in the search bar for a comparison review . ZoneAlarm is much better than anything I 've used before .
 Great software - is capable of keeping your pc clean 100 % . Would highly recommend
 The ZoneAlarm suite installed easily and does a great job of firewall , spyware protection and spam killer . Of course , it is assumed that their AV is also diligent . One never knows for sure and such things , but I 've had no attacks that I know of -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . I had previously used McAfee 's Internet Suite 2006 and ZA 's seems better . The McAfee suite had installation problems and it does n't seem as comprehensive . I 've also used Norton in the past and ZA is better as well .
 This security suite is so much more comprehensive than any other that I have ever used . It is light years beyond the other top sellers . It integrates eaily and nicely with XP and my anti-spyware programs , IE , FireFox and Avant browsers with no conflicts at all . No problems at all with Thunderbird e-mail or outlook . It does provide more eas of use with Outlook however , but works nicely with both.Very easy to install and exceptionally user friendly . It 's default settings are perfect for virtually all users but is very easily modified . Auto updates are flawless and tech support is the best , although I doubt most users would need tech support.Luke Brett Berube , Ph.D. .
 I started using Zone Labs products dating back to 2003 , starting with its free firewall software to the Zone Alarm Pro and eventually updated and upgraded to the Zone Alarm Security Suite this past year . Overall , it is probably the best security suite software on the market , particularly in terms of its ability to detect and protect your computer from viruses . It also provides excellent email , IM , and has at least adequate antispyware capability -LRB- you should be advised to have an antispyware backup for any security suite software -RRB- . : Weaknesses : Notwithstanding all of the aforementioned accolades , ZASS has some weaknesses . First , customer service is non-existent . This is not a cheap product , even by the standards of security suite software , and it is disappointing that Zone Labs has no phone number , at least none that I know of , which allows you to talk to a live human being about any problems you might be having with the software -LRB- this is something I experienced when ZASS decided to prohibit me from downloading music from iTunes , blocking access , even though I expressly commanded it to permit connection in the Program Control bar -RRB- . Ultimately , I had to depend on a fellow techie and ZASS user to correct the problem . If you purchase this product and need assistance , you need to refer to the Zone Labs site for help.Secondly , this product is not for beginners . If you 're looking to install an all-encompassing security suite program that will protect everything for you without any effort on your part , this product is not for you . ZASS is only as good as you allow it to be . That means you must configure the product upon installation . If you do n't , you 're going to be on the receiving end of a lot of warning screens . As a result , ZASS wo n't be able to apply all of its protections for your computer and software. : Warnings : In regards to any warnings before purchasing and using this software , there are basically two . One , you need to uninstall any previous antivirus programs on your computer before installing ZASS . ZASS will do it for you upon its own installation , but some antivirus programs are extremely difficult to uninstall -LRB- i.e. , Norton -RRB- , and there can be conflicts if you do n't make certain the previous antivirus software is removed . Two , and this is a partial restatement , but it 's that important , you absolutely must make sure to go through the tutorial after installation -LRB- and that you 're on the internet during this process -RRB- . You must get acquainted with the program , allow it to configure your level of expertise , and by all means go into the ZA on your toolbar and frequently look at its features after the tutorial . The better you are at using this program , the easier it will be.In the end , ZASS is still a very good product and I would recommend it to others . Indeed , I can personally attest just how much better it is than the competition . About four months prior to writing this review , I deserted ZASS for Norton Internet Security 2006 on my PC -LRB- while retaining ZASS on my laptop -RRB- , and Norton not only crashed my computer , it was nearly impossible to remove -LRB- I had to erase my hard drive and reformat my computer -RRB- , and the good folks at Symantec retained customer service that was just as awful -LRB- albeit on a different level -RRB- as Zone Labs . Zone Alarm Security Suite may not be perfect , but once you acclimatize to it , and once you learn how to configure and work with it , you 're going to be more than satisfied .
 After finally uninstalling NIS 2006 , I got ZASS and so far it is working well and installed OK . None of the sluggishness of NIS 2006 plus it had the distinct advantage of actually installing without causing me to have to reformat my hard drive .
 I 've been running ZA Internet Security Suite on my system -LRB- P4 3.0 Ghz , MS XP sp2 -RRB- for 7 or 8 months now with no problems at all . I switched from the McAfee Internet Suite because of problems withs system slow down and lock ups . Since installing ZA my system runs noticeably faster . It 's easy to use and allows a lot of setting options for those who want to tweak the security settings.The my perception is that the ad/spyware portion seems a little weak . But I run several products -LRB- free Adware , free Spybot , and SpySweeper -RRB- at least once/week in addition to ZA . It takes a long time to run ... but it occaisionally catches something that the other 3 do n't catch.Since installing ZA , I have n't found hardly any viruses . Certainly less than with McAfee . I do n't know if this is because ZA does a better job at preventing them -LRB- especially at the firewall side -RRB- , or it just does n't find them as efficiently . I 'm guessing ZA does a better job at preventing them because I 've had no noticeable problems or slow downs or alerts of unauthorized outbound program communication attempts.I 'm very happy with ZA suite and glad I bought it .
 Recently installed Zone Alarm Security Suite 2005 . I bought it many months ago from a `` big box '' retailer that had it on sale and I thought one day I would give it a try . I did , on a Sony Vaio Laptop , and it was simple to install and really simple to use . So far , very effective . Over the years I have used Norton , McAfee , and Panda products . All of them worked fairly well , more or less , but Zone Alarm was much easier to set up . Recently , Laptop Magazine rated it No. 1 over F-Secure Internet , McAfee Internet Security 7.0 , Norton Internet Security 2005 , and Panda Platinum Security Suite 6.0 . My Vaio laptop came with a 90-day -LRB- I think -RRB- trial Norton . My wife 's desktop Vaio came with a 1-year Norton . When I went for the renewal on her desktop it failed to download completely . After numerous attempts , including turning off the XP firewall , the Norton firewall , and a host of other norton features , as suggested by their suport pages , I decided this is a bummer . And besides , unless you spend a lot of time on customization , Norton screens out most email pictures and graphics , and tends to label a lot of mail as Junk Mail . I filled out their refund page -- and they did credit my VISA , and decided to try the Zone Alarm on the laptop to see how it worked . It worked great and I am going to install it on my wife 's desktop . The version I bought , Security suite 2005 , is upgradable to 6.0 at no charge -- which I will complete immediately . After this experience , I will be reluctant to deal with security software as a `` download '' only . I had the `` failed to download '' problem with McAfee two years ago . But unlike Norton , they would not debit my VISA -- never again with those folks . So , if in doubt , go for the CD everytime . And , you might like Zone Alarm 's Security Suite 6.0 . It has to be the easiest suite to install and setup .
 I recently fired Norton 's Internet Security Suite 2006 just a week after buying it . The only good thing I can say about Symantec is that they refunded my money . The program took ages to install -LRB- each of the THREE times I tried it ! -RRB- and a problem with one module not updating properly turned into a problem with three modules not updating properly after I finished following the Symantec 's so-called technician 's advice.In search of a replacement , I read the other reviews of ZoneAlarm posted here . They left me uncertain about buying ZA 's Internet Security Suite , even though I had used their free firewall a few years ago and liked it . Then I happened to see the PC Magazine review
 After reading other reviews of this program , I took their advice and performed a google search of `` ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite '' + problems . And what did I find ? The top entries are Amazon reviews -LRB- generally favorable -RRB- , and reviews by -LSB- ... -RSB- and computershopper.com where professional editors gave very favorable reviews . Not what I was lead to believe by some reviewers . Makes you wonder what motive some people have ? I say listen to the professional reviews .
 I had previously used all the major free anti-virus and anti-spyware programmes available and although they offered decent protection , they were not always able to remove everything they detected and I would still find spyware on my system on a regular basis . After one particularly nasty virus still managed to bypass all this and find it 's way onto my system I vowed to finally spend a bit of money on some good anti-spyware/virus software to really protect my computer and offer me some peace of mind . I was already using Zone Alarm 's free firewall and was impressed with it , so decided to check out this convenient complete suite . It had received quite a mixed bag of customer reviews across various different sites , mostly good but I was concerned at first about some of the really bad ones . However , shortly after downloading the free 15-day trial -LRB- which is a full version -RRB- my worries were allayed - I was very impressed.It 's not a product that will simply work perfectly for the individual user straight away - I found I had to sit down for a while and get to know it 's various features and configure it to how I wanted it . So do n't worry if suddenly after installing it , you ca n't open email attachments , you just need to alter one or two of the settings.In short , I think this is a great product . Since installation 4 months ago , I 've had no spyware or virus problems at all and before I downloaded their last major update , it 's powerful firewall had blocked an impressive 14,000 plus attempts to gain some sort of access to my system ! Needless to say , I feel much more secure when online now , updates are regular and the couple of times I 've tried Zone Alarm 's email help service -LRB- because of an initial upgrade issue that turned out to be my fault -RRB- I 've found response times to be very quick and the staff really helpful.I would advise others not to rely on the free stuff that 's available and to spend a little more money on really protecting what can be our most necessary and valuable everyday tool . If you are still unsure because of some of the more negative reviews , simply download the free trial and see for yourself - I do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
 Okay , the first time I tried this program , I had to uninstall my norton internet security suite and then install ZAISS . It messed up my internet , email and everything . So I uninstalled it and reinstalled my norton and everything was fine . Just recently , I decided to take the CD out again and give it another try . So I was very careful about the popups and warnings they gave me . In the begginning , you have to really know what programs you want to have access to your computer and the internet , because if you block one it can throw off your whole system . And after it learns the programs that you give access to , it is perfect . I have had no problems with it and it has been great . I like the firewall better than nortons because it tells you whats going on . I definitly recommend it , but you just have to be patient and know what your doing from the start and it will work out just fine . The only bad thing is the telephone support , it costs money . -RRB- -8 Other than that I like it ...
 I am surprised how everyone says how wonderful this suite is but never really mentions email protection . Protection is quite good and the main interface is good and easy . THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT ZA ONLY SCANS EMAIL/ATTATCHMENTS IF THEY ARE USING OUTLOOK EXPRESS AS A MAIL CLIENT . I emailed ZA and they did confirm that email scanning is not available to other email clients . So all in all a major part of my computer is not protected . This partnership with Microsoft is annoying . I was considering Kaspersky Security Suite but it has the same problem . I guess I will have to look for something else or depend on AOL for mail protection.By the way ZA runs very nicely with AOL . Protection is offered for IM but not email . Kaspersky causes havoc when I run AOL.Oh wellIvan
 Zone alarm offers a very simple easy to use program with great protection . No system drag like you expirenece with Norton . Firewall is awardwinning and the Spyware protection is good as AdAware .
 I have used zone alarm for years and I love this suite . It can be a bit restrictive , but I would rather have that in a firewall . As for spyware and antivirus , it has picked up just about everything it needed to on infected machines that I have cleaned up . Norton had been a real pain and I am glad to be away from it .
 For the last 3-4 years , I have been using Norton Anti Virus and/or Internet Security . In the last year , I decided to change because Norton was not as good as it once was.Through good reviews on cnet , pc magazine , etc. , I decided on Zone Alarms . It was easy to install and detected items that Norton had missed . It tells you everytime some program tries to access the internet and gives you an visual indicator of all incoming and outgoing traffic . I also purchased a copy for my wife and she has also been happy . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 East to install and easy to use . I am very glad I got rid of Norton !
 I 've had ZoneAlarm for over a month now and I have had zero problems . Its easy navigation and constant updating of anti-virus and anti-spyware keeps my computer experiences in the positive . A definite must have over McAfee and Norton .
 I purchased ZoneAlarm to replace another internet security suite that was costing to much for updates and hogging up system resources . ZoneAlarm installed quick and seems to slow the system a whole lot less ! I have just two small complaints . Virus scans are slow and it will not let you shut off the ZA picture in the task bar . Other that that great deal !
 Zonealarm by Checkpoint is one the best programs for protecting yourself . It is better than Norton Internet suite .
 I 've used Zonealarm for many years along with Norton and a few others.Without a doubt Zonealarm has the best protection against spam . It integrates PERFECTLY with Outlook and Outlook Express , installs in under a minute - no configuring is needed and it is completelly intuitive and almost invisable in operation.The firewall is for an advanced user and certainly not for a beginner . The firewall is rated as the best in the industry.The antivirus and antispyware are about average according to recent tests - there are better.Be sure to uninstall all previous security software before installing this -LRB- or any other -RRB- security suite.The spam filter , in the end , was what made me decide on Zonealarm for two consecutive years .
 I have had Zone Alarm on-and-off for about 5 years . For the first few years , I was using ZA 's firewall only . This version provides anitvirus , antispyware and firewall functionalities all from one package.As soon as the installation is completed , I started the spyware scan . It found two in about one minute ! ZA gave me an option whether to quarantine or delete them . I chose delete . They were gone !! There are a few things I would like to learn more . One of which is every time I launch an application to access internet , ZA comes up with some kind of warning -LRB- the warnings are not really user-friendly -RRB- . I would have to click `` allow '' several times before the application is launched . If there are too many of these warnings , it gets confusing and I lose my attention to detail and become `` click happy '' . There is an option to go around it . I can check `` remember the anwser '' box and from then on , ZA will never ask me again , assuming that is what I want . -LRB- But what if I was click-happy and not paying attention to what I was clicking on ? -RRB- The warnings are color coded , depending on how bug it thinks the problem will be , if it goes south.The other thing is that the antivirus software does not work when I have other antivirus software installed . Currently , I have Symantec installed and running . ZA simply shuts down its own antivirus software to allow Symantec to work . Not good or bad point , it just something one should keep in mind -LRB- ZA would indicate that its own antivrus is turned OFF -RRB- .
 I have been a Symantec/Norton customer for 15 years or so and never cared for early versions of ZA that I saw on other people 's computers . The free-after-rebate offer tempted me to give ZA a try ... and I have to say that overall , I 'm much more pleased with it than Norton Internet Security 2006 . ZA 's antispam feature beats Norton 's hands-down - putting almost all spam and no good mails into the spam folder . Norton only gets about half on my laptop.ZA 's firewall seems to have more control than Norton , certainly more information . With any firewall , it is OK for geeks like me , but ordinary users probably will accidentally block something that should n't be and end up with system problems . ZA and Norton need a better interface for Mom and Pop type users . I like the amount of control and the detailed logs.My main frustrations with ZA are :1 . it seems to slow down the startup of every program . I have turned off the feature to scan programs on startup , but it does n't help . System feels sluggish compared to the way it operated with Norton .2 . I have a satellite internet connection shared with Windows Internet Connection Sharing . It took almost an hour to track down the proper help information to find the advanced settings dialog to make the host and clients see each other properly . As with other things , could be better documented . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We used Norton Internet Security Suite for several years on several home computers before trying Zone Alarm . Several reviews -LRB- online and in magazines -RRB- touted Zone Alarm as being MUCH less of a system hog than Norton and they were absolutely correct ! Zone Alarm requires less hands-on maintenance than Norton and its resource usage is considerably less intrusive than Norton - massively less . You hardly know it 's there , and it does just as much , if not more , than Norton . Highly recommended !
 Zonealarm internet security suite 2006 continues the excellent protection and value I 've come to expect from Zone Labs . A robust but easy to manage firewall , privacy protection , antispyware protection , all with the reliability I 've come to expect and rely on . An excellent product .
 With out a doubt this is the best Security Suite , compared to McAfee and Norton both of which I have used in the past.Plus at start up this loads much quicker .
 I had problems with Internet Explorer not finding the internet and the PC was very slow , along with other symptoms that made me wonder whether Norton security was the problem . I made the switch to ZoneAlarm and have n't had a problem since ! It was easy to install and setup . The PC is responding much faster . The ZoneAlarm updates are quick and in the background . It 's recommendations have been correct so far . I am very pleased with the results .
 Not for the novice , ZA replaced my Norton Internet Security 2005 . -LRB- By the way , tho billed by Amazon as the latest version of ZA Security Suite , it was not ; the latest version is 6.1 . -RRB- Uninstall Norton by using special Norton software -LRB- SymNRT.exe , on website -RRB- . Then decide if you want ZA in the CD version -LRB- 6.0.667 -RRB- or the online download version -LRB- 6.1 -RRB- . Once you install 6.0 , that 's it ! Updating to 6.1 produced problems
 Zone Alarm 2006 Security Suite is a top notch program . It installed without any problem and initially operated very well . There are a few annoyances since I updated to the latest version 6.5.722.000 that may be related only to HP computers . It always gives warnings on initial startup that need to be allowed or denied for certain processes that HP apparently uses in its computers . They are only slight annoyances though . Still rate the program 5 stars
 I 've used Zone Alarm since 98 not Windows 98 1998 . I found them by accident stumbling upon a website that scanned my PC and showed all its port vulnerabilities.It mentioned Zone Labs and so I checked it out.I 've now upgraded to ZA 's Pro version.It 's become even more of a jungle out there than 8 years ago and the Pro 's feature set is about minimum to stay reasonably safe.I can say that as long as I had even the free ZA on my PC 's I had very few successful attacks.I rate it a 4 because its a crime that we lose time and money by fixing the software we buy that 's weak and vulnerable right off the shelf.I know there are many good people who 'd have their rice bowls broken if OS 's were made better.We now have an entire industry grown up around the concept that crappy OS software is okay.So be numb to forking out your dollars . It 's alot like feudalism as this is neither free or a market so everyone must pay to play and our Congress is being paid to stay out.It gets a 4 .
 I think this is the best Internet Security package out there . It does a great job filtering spam and the firewall is easy to configure .
 So far , so good with this Security Suite . Easily installed , and fairly worry free . An occasional permission pop-up that I do n't know the answer to . All in all , seems to work seamlessly in the background .
 I 'm running Zone Alarm Internet Security Suite on 4 computers so far , and absolutely no problem.Reading through those reviews of ZAISS that reported problems , it struck me that most of them tried to uninstall Symantec 's Norton first . It 's pretty well known that Norton is extremely difficult to uninstall , and is known to take down a whole Windows installation in the process.I 've been using Zone Alarm products since they began and have never had any problems .
 I have used this software for 1 month now . All is well with it . The one thing I do n't like is it asking the same questions over and over again on start up , even when I tell it to OK a particular task each time it sees it . -LRB- IP is trying to change my Home page -RRB- .
 I had McAfee ISS before , but I absolutely hated it !!! The last edition is made for complete idiots . Hard to play with the settings ... ZoneAlarm ISS 2006 has very comprehensive settings . I 'm 100 % satisfied with it !
 I love Zonealarm 6 , not only does it protect your computer but it also runs very smoothly , not slowing down your daily activites as Norton would . Buy it now !
 Before I got my brand new computer when I had my old one I had alot of viruses & lord knows what else was on that computer . A friend of mine had recommended me to zonealarm I had no idea what that was I went to their website & downloaded the trial & I 've been a fan ever since.I had soo much spyware & worms on that computer it was ridiculous I would n't have known I had any of that if I did n't download this program it for sure got rid of all of that . When I got my new computer I purchased zonealarm security suite . Once again I was n't disappointed . This version stop hackers , has an id lock protecting you & your idenity & soo much more , but most of all it protects you from virures & if one occurs on your computer it does the job by removing it with only one scan . They are better than all the rest of those anti-virus & firewall programs.Purchase this today.I have no complaints cause they always do the job . . Five stars without a doubt .
 I 've used the Zone Alarm Internet Security Suite for the past two years . I 've been problem free . It seems to catch and correct any problem that would crop up .
 So far , so good . I have used ZoneAlarm pro for the last two years and it worked well . I used the Symantec antivirus and utilities before , but there were too many installation problems as well as registration errors . ZoneAlarm has none of these problems and works well .
 A minor problem developed after 2 weeks which was resolved quickly by Zone Labs . Without that minor glitch I would have rated it 5 stars . I used their free firewall for years and have confidence in their products .
 After being completely fed up with NAV 2005 I decided to give Zone Alarm 's Internet Security Suite 2006 a try . Wow , what a nice surprise that the virus updates at the end of the first year of use are half the cost of NAV 2005 . This product does not slow your machine to a crawl like NAV 2005 did on mine and it has a much better interface . I only had one hiccup during the install of the update -LRB- after the CD install -RRB- but otherwise I am very happy and will not be switching back to Norton.Thank you for a product that works as advertised .
 I have used the ZoneAlarm Internet Security 2006 suite for about 2 months now and have been pleased . It seems to work better than Norton and has more features . It does NOT slow down my computer , except when running updates or scans . Updates are better on a laptop because they are n't based on selected times -LRB- when the PC may be turned off -RRB- but rather update when the PC is turned on if an update is available . It stops web bugs and has a much more comprehensive set of protections than Norton . Either a beginner or an advanced computer user can use this effectively . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I installed this product on a new laptop about a month ago and have had absolutely no problem with it . Works as advertised without the hassles of Norton -LRB- which I 've used in the past -RRB- .
 I LOVE ZoneAlarm . I became a fan about 3/4 years ago during the `` pop up '' wars . I downloaded a free trial copy and was soooooo impressed , I RAN to my nearest retailer and purchased my very first copy . My first version was n't as easy to manipulate , but as time went on , they got better . I purchased Security Suite 2005 and just fell in love all over again . It keeps my puter safe and runs quietly in the backgrounds , not annoying like some of the others out there . No problems whatsoever . I HIGHLY recommend this product .
 All in all a fine product . Has gotten excellent reviews from PC MAG.Norton slowed my machine to a crawl . This has not.Suggest NEVER paying full retail for it unless you absolutely have to . I 've been using it for a few years now and always manage to find a free after rebate deal on it a few months before the one year subscription period is up.It does require the user to provide authorizations the first time it sees a programs attempting to access the web . For a non techie , this may seem a bit intimidating because there will be a lot of queries from it in the first few days of usage .
 Zonealarm internet security suite is an excellent product that I would recommend for anyone who needs good , solid computer protection . The clean interface is simple enough that even inexperienced computer users wo n't have a problem . Virus scans are a little slow and antispyware does n't catch everything , but the firewall itself is unbeatable and well worth the price . Overall this product outperforms all the competition and does a great job at keeping the computer secure from hackers , viruses , and spyware .
 I did a quick search on the internet to see what the magazine and consumer reviews were on internet security software . ZA seemed to have the best overall review and price/performance ratio . I was using Norton Internet Security Suite . Although I had no problems with Norton , the reviews were better for ZA . One thing that did happen with Norton was the frequently repetetive pop-up to let me know it was expiring . And , on my last Norton update , Norton was trying to force me into an upgrade , which was VERY annoying . Anyway , back to ZA . It loaded fine and has had no conflicts . At first I was unable to send and receive emails , but a few bits of fiddling with settings and all was O.K. . When first running ZA it did not find any new viruses that were possibly lurking undetected by Norton , so they seem comparable in what they find . AdAware is still catching some things that ZA is not , but Spybot is not catching anything since I installed ZA . So I guess ZA could use some slight improving . I 've only had this a couple of weeks , so take this review somewhat lightly . Hope it helps .
 After reading all the dire warnings posted for ZA I was a bit worried . But now I am quite happy . ZA loaded without a problem and has worked beautifully . You need only read the warnings it gives and click the choice that works for your machine . I am well satisfied .
 I 've used them all ... McAfee , Norton , Trend Micro and Zone Alarm . McAfee and Norton are expensive -LRB- now zone alarm is too -RRB- , with little to no real customer support . They all -LRB- except Trend Micro which has excellent customer support -RRB- charge a fee for calling support.A Caveat with ZA , If YOU do n't read the begining tutorial , then when your PC does n't connect to the internet do n't blame ZA !!! There 's a brief 3 minute tutorial that lets ZA know your level of computer experteise . If you 're a novice , ZA will self-configure the firewall . If you 're an expert , you get to control program access yourself.Zone Alarm 's Firewall is the best on the market . It is the only firewall to give you an alert WITH a recommended suggestion on what to do based upon it 's knowledge of the program thats trying to access the internet , or trying to receive information from the internet for the first time.ZA 's firewall is also PC specific . It will alert you if a program is acting suspiciously on your PC and lets you know what to do . Sometimes it does n't have a suggestion , so here 's where some common sense comes in , as well as some PC experteise.If you 're installing a program , or uninstalling , or running a program , and ZA pops up , then it probably is something you want to allow , or it will block what you 're trying to do.McAfee is effective but slow , Norton does n't pick up everything and sometimes ca n't delete things and you have to do it manually , Trend Micro also has failed in automatic deletion and has many ` manual ' removal messages for various viruses and trojans -LRB- and we 're paying for what ? -RRB- . Zone Labs is one of the few that have caught , and automatically deleted most test viruses and trojans -LRB- and real -RRB- that I 've run on my PC.It wins out over the other 3 in that it gives the user super control over the PC . You get automatic deletion and/or quarantene You get to say what program gets access , which program does not , and how often . You can approve every attempt to access the internet by a program , or every time something from the internet tries to access your PC . So , its great for the intermediate and the expert user alike.Cons
 If you want a good security progam that 's not a resrouce hog this is the best of what I 've seen.I had a prior version Norton Internet Security and was very pleased with it . I ignored poor reviews and complaints about recent versions of NIS and upgraded when the older version was no longer supported . I should have heeded the reviews as all their problem became mine . It noticeably slows down your computer , your email , your web browsing ... and has applicaiton errors when you shutdown/log off windows.After one month I took a risk and purchased Zone Alarm 2006 and have been extremely pleased . No , it 's not `` perfect '' but it works well , actually seems to catch things NIS did n't and it does n't slow down the computer -LRB- noticeably better performance than NIS -RRB- . Like NIS it does occassionaly have some program errors when shutting down or logging off ... but ** much ** fewer than NIS . . and I think they only occur after the pc has hibernated -LRB- which seems to be a common issue with a lot of software -RRB- . The alerts that ZA pop up whenever a program first attempts to access the internet -LRB- or ZA when suspects it could compromise security -RRB- are probably excessive and somewhat cryptic for the average user ... but you can tell ZA to not ask you again . And you get use to the alerts ... and these days it 's far better to have a security program have a few too many of these alerts than to just assume.As a web programmer I have to use McAfee at work and it 's such a hog I always have to commit the sin of turnning it off whenever I 'm doing anything complex -LRB- big program builds , installs -RRB- . Everybody likes something different for different reasons . I mainly want a product to work . . and to not cause grief to my computer , other programs or my work . ZA 2006 definitely meets all these requirements and has won me over .
 If you ca n't afford a Router -LRB- hardware -RRB- then use this software instead.Although MSWIN XP has its own Firewall you would do better to turn it off , go to the ` Zonelabs ' website , download the Free version of Zonealarm , install it and give it a go . Study it for an evening and see how many access attempts there are on your computer . I promise - you will never go back from using this great firewall . Go to the Gibson Research Corporation on the internet and test your systems vulnerability using the software on that site - all free . Now if you want to make the next leap by having a more sophisticated version of Zonealarm then go Pro with this one . The pro version offers the following additions to the free version . - An improved approval program for Internet Access . - Advanced security controls . - Automatically stops pop-up ads so you can surf in peace . - Prevents personal data from leaving your computer without permission . - Checks for and deletes adware cookies . - Blocks adware cookies but allows cookies from trusted sites . - Protects your privacy and improves PC performance . - Tracks hacker attempts and anonymously reports offenders to their ISPs . - Monitors outgoing email and halts messages with potential viruses.Now as an all in one tool you could also opt for the ZoneAlarm Security Suite that gives you an anti-virus program to top it all off , so as an all in one security system this really is a great solution for the home user . If you stick with the free version make sure to also use adaware and AVG , both free anti-ad/anti-virus software packages that help complement the free version but the all in one Security Suite is still you best buy.In Short , this is an essential security product .
 I am IT security expert . I 'll try to be as much non-techie as possible.I have evaluated numerous products , available today in market . From Norton to Norman . After due considerations , which essentially depends on cost + features I bought this product.I was pleasantly surprised . Let 's review in more detail -- 1 . Anti-virus
 I used Norton for a long time , and then hated how it SLOWED DOWN my tricked out system . It was then I noticed the Zone Labs free firewall , and fell in love . So I went all out and ditched Norton and went with the full Zone Lab Suite . Do n't get me wrong , it is pretty awesome . However , I started having problems with it in constantly tweaking it after I 'd install new software for different security and features reasons . It became pretty unstable and started to slow down the system more and more - until I removed Zone Alarm and installed the trail version of Sunbelt-Software 's Kerio Firewall . It is nice and stripped down like Zone Alarm used to be.One of the things that got me worried with Zone Alarm was it was showing these programs that were accessing the internet with no name , properties , or file location . I would disable them , and in a few hours it would reappear . WTF ? I went to the Zone Lab &#8217; s forums and found users with the same issue . And they had no solution . And that stuff makes you a little paranoid . -LRB- And I am well aware that watching every process and program in the OS can be unnerving , especially if you do n't know what you are looking at ; except I do for the most part . -RRB- Anyway , I found out the unknown process accessing the internet was Yahoo 's desktop search . I found this out through Kerio 's firewall . It still showed it with no file attributes ; however it displayed the icon identifying it as Yahoo.Kerio is a lot more intuitive to use for me , even as a long-term Zone Alarm user . It is easier to me to apply changes to a program 's access to the internet and other programs.And the final straw was I thought I would give Zone Alarm one more chance , because it really is a GOOD PROGRAM for the most part . I reinstalled it and could n't get past the Zone Alarm splash screen on reboot . It was locked up preventing access to programs and system process before it started its own firewall.Most people will have no problems with this Suite , however - if you constantly MOD your PC like I do , it becomes a bit of a drag and more like intrusive bloatware.Oh , yeah . I still have 155 days left on my license with it . feh .
 I have been a McAfee baby since 1999 when I bought my first PC , a Dell Pentium 5 , 450 mhz , 128 MB ram . I still use this PC . Over the years I have added other hardware such as memory -LRB- now upto 196 -RRB- and a CD burner . In 2005 I bought a second PC -LRB- P4 HT , 3.0 Ghz , 512 MB Ram -RRB- . After years of using McAfee I switched to Zone Alarm and what a delight ZA turned out to be . I understand that some or many of the reviewers here have had problems with the software but whether ZA is to be blamed for this is the question . What if the problem was with the hardware or the OS or worse , ignorance of using the product or the computer . For many others getting used to a new and better product is almost impossible . Change is not easy for many folks . Many of my friends who use Norton AntiVirus still complain about how slow their systems are and yet do not want to let go off Norton . Maybe it is just a bad habit . Personally I have had bad experiences with Norton . On my sister 's PC -LRB- an IBM , sameconfig as my old PC -RRB- some app 's -LRB- DVD playing programs -RRB- would literally come to a standstill . However McAfee did not do that to my computer . Also McAfee must have implemented some smart improvements to stay ahead of the competition . For the cost of just one of their protection modules -LRB- antivirus , firewall etc -RRB- ZA and Pc-cillin were selling entire suites with all the protection -LRB- antivirus , firewall , privacy , spam protection etc. , -RRB- all operatable from a sleek single interface . McAfee on the other hand has a seperate interface that needs to be installed and that which talks to the other modules -LRB- antivirus , firewall etc -RRB- . These seperate modules are installed seperately . They now have an Internet protection Suite but that too will install more than one icon on your desktop for the various modules though you could delete them.Zone Alarm on the other hand operates all it 's functions -LRB- antivirus , spyware protection , firewall , Privacy , Parental control etc. , -RRB- from a single interface . Anyone is going to be instantly hooked on to the great and very user-friendly interface ZA has . CNet had a special mention about it on their review videos about ZA 's product . Whoever designed the interface at ZA - Great Work ! Updates are automatically and preriodically checked , downloaded and updated without any user intervention . McAfee prompts you about new updates automatically but you need to take action and sometimes even do a system restart to activate the updates . Imagine doing that in the middle of some serious work . But the worst part is sometimes , being prompted to log on to your user account on McAfees 's website to download the update.Take a look what the professionals are saying . CNet rated ZA 's Internet security suite far above Norton or McAfee , giving it a 8 out of 10 . It has also won the coveted Editor 's Choice ranking for a second time in a row . To quote Cnet , '' ... Zone Alarm 's Internet Security Suite 2006 puts Norton and McAfee to shame ... '' . The only learning curve with ZA is to getting to know the pop-ups about the warnings . Once you get used to them things get very easy . ZA is tough when it comes to protecting your PC and so it requires some good understanding and/or learning of the product . But learning or understanding the product will pay off well . For instance ZA may take time to appear in the system tray when the system is switched on but it IS actually running in the background because of the messages it pops and prompts . On my PC the Safely Remove Icon disappers . A little program in XP fixed this . Maybe I still need to learn more about the program . But for now ZA is all the protection my PC needs . Maybe your PC also deserves the same .
 I initially purchased Norton Internet Security 2006 as an update to the Norton virus protection that was already on my machine . I spent hours trying to get NIS 2006 to install and it always failed . I did the uninstalls and reinstalls and still no luck . Decided to write off the $ 60 spent on Norton and purchase ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite 2006 . This package installed the first time without ANY issues . It took about 10 or 15 minutes . The best money I ever spent . Some people complain about the popups informing you of a possible intrusion , etc. . This does n't bother me at all . I like to know what is going on.Bottom line for me is that I am through with Norton and will stick with ZoneAlarm . Their firewall protection is beyond anything else available . It works and works well . It Norton is giving you the same headaches it gave me then make the switch to ZoneAlarm . You will be glad you did !
 I previously had an older Norton product on my pc . I removed it first , then installed ZA . I had no problems with the installation and no problems since . They could have done a better job guiding you through all the settings you need to configure , but overall I 'm very pleased with this product .
 I do n't know much about the &#34; workings &#34; of the computer . My hubby buys all of this but it must have been good since we have had no security problems .
 Great software when I bought it . Too bad the current versions are n't as good .
 Have been running Zone Alarm Firewall for years . Also ran Norton Anti-Virus for years . My virus protection was just about to run out , I decidedto give ZoneAlarm Security Suite a try . I am now on my 3rd verision . It has stopped countless attemps from hackers trying to gain access to my computer as I 'm connected 24/7 thru Charter High-Speed . It also has stopped a Trojan Horse Virus and the new mail filter works great !!! No more spam mail about gross subjects my young daughters do n't need to see . Do youself a favor , BUY ZoneAlarm Securit Suite and be done with it .
 I was a bit unsure whether I should buy a ZoneAlarm product or not . After extremely low protection from Norton Antivirus 2006 , I decided to give this product a try . I 'm glad I did . The product installs quickly with little reboots . It was also user-friendly and even let me upgrade to the latest software ... FREE ! It is definitely not like Norton ; it does not use up a great amount of space or slow down programs . It is in fact the opposite . The software gives you a choice of whether to trust a certain program or network , which is the only downside if you are not familiar with computer program names . Still , it provides some if not the best computer protection on the market . I would highly recommend this , especially to Norton users .
 I had used McAfee for the last few years . My latest version would not stop the Spam at all , no matter what I did . The reports on the web were not very good about McAfee . I switched over to the Zone Alarm Internet Security & it is much better than the McAfee . I do run my virus & spyware scans manually to keep the computer speed up . Other than that , I think it 's great .
 I have been using the `` free '' version of this software for years . It has become a critical component for all of the systems I work on . The Pro version offers a little more functionality and features than the `` free '' version . It works beautifully in protecting your system . I would not recommend using a computer on the Internet without it.The updated features for the Pro version are
 I was hesitant to use a firewall program because I thought it would be a nuisance . I tried several trial offers from other firewall software programs , but found ZoneAlarm Pro 2006 the most user friendly.Once you install it , you have lots of options on how much security you want to put in place . ZoneAlarm Pro 2006 is definately a software program you need to get if you want to protect your computer from spyware , hackers and virus attacks .
 I 've used Zone Alarm for 3 years - the latest version was quite annoying but the update solved the problem . Zone Alarm gives a lot of control , but you have to learn it like any program . The complaints I see are from people who do n't quite understand the inherent power of the program giving you complete control of how you protect your computer . Its like using word - the first time you use it - figure out the nuances.It is true that Zone Alarm asks a lot of quesions , and you can figure out what you want to start and not start . You can turn off options and otherwise you can let it control . I 've uninstalled it without problems . BlackICe is very similar - but I like Zone Alarms interface better . You can also use program control to select what options for a program to run and to shut down worms . Its a powerful program - but like any elite program you have to spend time to learn it - -LRB- or run it blind -RRB- .
 I 've been using the free version of Zone Alarm for some time but found a deal on purchasing the Pro version , which also was `` free '' . There seems to be little difference between the Pro and free version -- although the Pro also has anti-spyware . The anti-spyware updates frequently so that is a good deal for someone that has no anti-spyware running on their system . I recommend you try the free version if you do n't need anti-spyware , see how you like it , and whether it 's worth upgrading to this Pro version .
 I just go the Sept. 2006 Consumer Reports magazine . ZoneAlarm was rated the best for all-around protection . See pg . 27 .
 -LRB- WinXP user using MS OfficeXP -RRB- : Endnote has saved me countless hours of entering and arranging bibliographic entries , making this part of term paper , thesis , and even publication writing almost trivial . Not only can you instantly search and cite publications while writing , specifying almost any possible citation and reference style , but you can also download all your reference information , including abstracts over the internet . I may spend a half an hour total collecting , citing , and putting in professional bibliographic format , say , 20 citations for a term paper . The other students who do n't use this program may waste half a day doing this . If you are a graduate student -LRB- or academic professional -RRB- , this program is worth its weight in gold . And even though the small journal I am submitting to is not in Endnote 's thousands of predefined output styles , I was able to easily customize my own output style for this journal.That being said , I have one major caveat about version 7
 HOW USED
 I just wanted to put here a warning that the new version of Endnote -LRB- 8.0 -RRB- is out -LRB- 7/04 -RRB- and it is very buggy , - so if you are going to buy it , get version 7.0 if at all possible !
 First thing , I was very happy with the price of this product . Second , the time it got to me was extremely quick . Third , I love the product . Lots of cool effects & transitions that I can now include into my video projects . Thanks !
 A good software for a little brother who is into movies . There are not a lot of options without spending a ton of money but this proved to be pretty cool for him . Good quality !
 From the way that Magix operates it seems to have been aimed at the millions of itunes users who want greater control over their extensive music purchases . The default conversion window options are possible music source folders , including itunes and other music download engines you may use . itunes ma4 files can be converted to mp3 , track listing info included , with just a few clicks.Direct titling of imported cd tracks creates another issue entirely . The native application seems to allow only for manual track title entry . The instruction manual says to go to a non-existent online database . Perhaps once upon a time the db was live but now it certainly is not . So you have to manually type in all the track info , right ? Instead of importing your cd 's directly with Magix , import them with itunes first , making sure that the titling option is enabled . Import them from itunes to Magix and you 're ready to go . Be sure too delete the files from itunes to free up hard drive space.It seems pretty silly to have to use a second program to get the best use out of this one , but a lot of us are used to compartmentalised functionality . Do you rip and burn all media formats with the same program ? I frequently use a specialized program for authoring and a separate one for burning . Same theory here . The great big problem is not the product but its marketing . The program is not aimed at the people who can get the best right-out-of-the-box functionality and the instructions are hardly aimed at the people who would most want the program . I 'm sure the legal department had some involvement in this particular dabacle as well.I have been using itunes nearly since its inception . In the ensuing years there have been numerous updates and improvements . Somewhere along the line , though , they disabled mp3 conversion -LRB- if it was ever really there to begin with -RRB- . Cd audio files are converted to ma4 only and are excluded when you burn an mp3 cd using itunes . Obviously , if itunes made mp3 conversions , we would not need a separate mp3 maker . So the idea of using itunes at all when using Magix is 100 % counter-intuitive and would be lost to someone unfamiliar with itunes ' functionality .
 I just bought this item at a retail store , and like I do with most software or DVD purchases , I check out how others have rated the product before I open it . After checking Amazon.com customer reviews for this , I was sure I was going to return it . But , since the box had a sticker on it that said 100 free song downloads from Emusic , I figured , what the heck , if the software is as bad as the reviewers state at least I will have 100 free songs . Emusic sucks !! My wife and I could not find 1 -LRB- one -RRB- song we wanted to download -LRB- at least by the original artist -RRB- and we looked for dozens and dozens . So that left installing the MP3 Maker 11 to confirm I DID waste ALL of my money . I am no huge computer expert , but I do know enough -LRB- and have had enough experience with garbage software -RRB- to know that this title is easy to install , has an easy and intuitive interface , and has done everything I 've asked of it , with no hick-ups . I have not explored everything it can do , but I did compile lists of my song library files , converted them to MP3 format , and they play great . I am very pleased so far with this product and would have given it 5 stars if I was n't so bummed about Emusic sucking so bad , and that yet another online site has my credit card # . Actually , that is not fair to blame Magix for Emusic.com so I will change my 4 star to a 5 star .
 This product is fun even for me as an adult . The kids love it and like learning all the new things the CD has to offer .
 Compared to what goes on in American public schools -- most kids will be challenged by this collection . The critical thinking portion is the weakest ; mainifesting itself as cleverly disguised puzzles -- good luck adults . Overall drill is less boring than most products in this category .
 I have tried a lot of video editing software over the years , but so many of them are so annoying and frustrating to use and then take forever to save the video to the file you want.Camtasia however is simple to use , and does not take long at all to save your exported video . If you are like me and just wanted to take a simple video with your digital camera and then maybe just trim off the start and finish and maybe cut a little but out , then camtasia is perfect for doing that.You simply just import your video file , or record the screen where you want it to , and then drop the video into a time line and highlight the parts you want to edit and simply cut them out . You can also use jpegs , gifs and other pics , and the gifs do animate.The effects are not much tho , there is a zoom in , picture in picture layer , and transition effects between scenes.It would be nice to see some more filters and effects in future to change colors , tint , black and white ect ... but for now , this is the # 1 program i recommend for a simple little edit to add a quick movie to you tube or something without having to have one of those confusing programs that take forever like Premiere.This program lets you easily save in various formats , mpeg , avi , rm , swf , mov , flv , camv and even an animated gif file ! ************** Snag It is also a useful tool for those who want to record video games and roms or some kind of running application on the screen . Tho both camtasia and this program will both record DVD movies on the screen , Snag is the one that will also record just about any game or application running where as Camtasia wont record it . I usually record my roms with Snag It then open the saved movie into camtasia and edit it.Neither program will record media playing on the screen tho in media player or anything in whatever those codec things are called . Use a program called Fraps for that.So if you are just after a simple editing program then look no further then this . It might not have a hell of a lot of effects and filters , but they are simple enough for what most people do anyway . You can import multiple files of all kinds , mix them together , add your own audio tracks or commentary , delete the ones with the video , adjust the volumes and write text on it -LRB- in its own frame with a pic if you choose , but not subtitles -RRB-
 I needed some software to create online training videos . I tried a few other products that were cheaper , one even being open source . However , I found that the quality with those cheap products just is n't the same . After downloading the free trial of Camtasia Studio , I was hooked . It is very easy to use , and they have built in a great help system that will take you step by step if you need it . What really impressed me was the quality of video and sound even when it compresses so well . I can do a 5 minute training session with excellent video and stereo audio , and it is still under 500k . I was blown away because the other software I tried was always 2-3mb at best . The software also allows you to export the video in a dozen different formats , but of most interest to me was flash for the web . So , I give Camtasia Studio 5 stars , and I am very happy with my purchase ! Yes , it 's $ 300 , but worth every penny !
 _ I 'm using it with the following games : DungeonSiege , BF1942 , BF1942-RTR , and Real FlightG2.It is my understanding that all of these titles are copy protected.There IS a list of supported games.If you 've installed a Game from the `` real '' CD drive , then there are a few options for getting the game to find the new VCD .1 -RRB- - The setting could be in an '' . ini '' or '' . cfg '' file in the program directory .2 -RRB- - It might be in the Windows Registry . -LRB- HKLM/Software/gamename -RRB- 3 -RRB- - You can install the game from the Game Drive Image and it will then point to the correct drive letter .4 -RRB- - Juggle drive letters around so that the new Virtual drive letter replaces the real/pre-existing drive.DOWNSIDE -LRB- s -RRB- :1 -RRB- The amount of Hard Drive drive space taken up by the images , even with compression , can really add up . -LRB- but HD 's are getting really inexpensive -RRB- 2 -RRB- Protected disks can take a long time to build the image .3 -RRB- There is a subscripton involved for the updates . I 've got an expiration date listed in the status bar of GameDrive , but I have been unable to find out what the renewal is going to cost me , and whether it is only for the Live Update feature.Strange that they convienently forget to mention the subscription prior to purchase is n't it?Overall I 'm satisfied with the product .
 It just works every time ... breaks game security code and copies to a virtual harddrive . I dont need to install the play disc anymore . Saves my Cds from damage and loads several at one time . WOW ! I also use it for other software titles.You must have this if your a gamer or simply smart !
 I 'm using XP pro and I have successfully used this with FREELANCER , DUNGEON SIEGE , and NEVERWINTER NIGHTS . I ca n't understand why others have n't had the same success . Maybe these people just need to READ THE FREAKING DOCUMENTATION !! When making a VCD of freelancer the only change I had to make -LRB- as it says in the docs -RRB- was to `` use intellegent extraction '' . So far its worked wonderfully ... best thing I 've bought lately .
 Finally , there is a stable virtual CD and DVD drive that works . I have tried the program on several different computers and laptops and it works flawlessly . There are many advantages to this type of program , especially saving a backup copy of all of your CDs and making it simpler to run programs requiring CDs .
 I have been using the Britannica products for years and this is definitely the best version that they have produced.Basics : - Three complete -LRB- age specific -RRB- encyclopedias
 I have bought both Encarta and Britannica for years -LRB- EB in printed edition too
 I have reviewed both Encarta and Britannica . If you want great presentation , very light content , and biased history , buy Encarta . If you want history more in line with the actual facts , in depth articles , articles by great minds -LRB- i.e. , Einstein , etc -RRB- buy Britanica.In most cases you can find both products at a local Library and review them for yourself . My own experience led to me buying Britannica . Britannica is the more accurate and the product demonstrates the qulaity of its scholars .
 Very useful item . Would have been better if there was a pronunciation feature .
 I bought recently the Brittannica Encyclopedia Ultimate Reference Suite in CD.I 'm very satisfied with the product . After reading the reviews , I was expecting a `` less-friendly '' software . However I was very possitevely impressed on how easy was to conduct a search , to use the links and to use the research assistant . Even my 4 years old kid is enjoying the navigation thru the contents , pictures and videos.I also think that the general contents of the Encyclopedia are better -LRB- deeper and more complete -RRB- than the Encarta 's .
 Hi have used Britannica 2000 , and I now use Britannica 2004 Ultimate . For some years , the Research Organizer has remained the same - not very user-friendly , and poorly explained in the on-line help.Perhaps the publishers could learn something from research software such as Net Snippets , etc. .
 The title says it all . Encyclopeadia Britannica 2004 Deluxe Edition features the entire 33 volume books , additonal volumes starting at 1993 , Webster 's dictionary , theasaurus , articles from the people who made history including notibles like Albert Einstein , world maps and a functional interface that has some problems with the search function and being somewhat sluggish.The critisism of old information may be true although I profess , I do n't spend that much time focusing on one region of the world that changes incredibly quickly . Articles are in-depth and well notated . The language is at times almost poetic and on occasion technically intimidating . The difference between this and the more expensive version may help those of us that want to read about sub-atomic particles without needing to take notes . Yet this attention to detail is why Encyclopeadea Britanica is so world acclaimed . The information on complex subjects is written to the complexity of the subject . Read articles on domesticated house pets and you wo n't drown in a sea of formulae and densely written text . At it 's best Encyclopadea Britannica brings new detail to the subject at hand . Looking over the word `` drum '' brought about a scholarly response with unexpected richness while at the other end of the spectrum was the Britannica 's discussion on Zappa , Frank - typing it in as Frank Zappa gets you nowhere , the strict adherence of proper language important as the flowery prose written about the deceased Composer/Rock Star/Satirist . Zappa would be having a good laugh at the cereberal treatment of his work . Encyclopaedia Britannica takes itself seriously if not laboriously.The Encyclopaedia Britannica 2004 Ultimate Reference Suite may make some discussions a bit easier as there are three versions based on school age along with dictionary tools of similar age groupings . You get about 5000 extra multimedia elements which are probably interesting but hardly necessary . The reference suite seems age based in a completeist way.Encyclopaedia Britannica 2004 Deluxe Edition has the same tools as it 's larger , higher priced version . It stays within the adult realm . This is a serious thing to consider as you are expected to have well rounded educational skills in this adult version . Having not used this software before it is hard to say the quality is better or worse than previous editions . The updates are generally dated at 2002 as are the Encarta discussions.One major difference is getting to additional information . You get a full year 's worth of content updates opposed to Encarta 's fixed date of October 2004 . You also are spared having to open an extra internet account -LRB- MSN -RRB- which Encarta asks of you . Premium services are available for 60 days with an offer to purchase an extra year of premium services at $ 25 . This is slightly less than half price should you join Britannica 's online service for 12 months . Again , with Encarta you must become a MSN user with a flat fee of $ 4.95 a month for their premium service which is often where the expanded content is.Therefore , Encyclopaedia Britannica is a better value and does n't tie you into propriatary services , a real disincentive when you have high speed access and are expected to pay for much of the depth of Encarta 's information.What you need to consider is :1 . how do you best learn ? If it is visually then you may find Britannica to be a bit on the boring side . As one that enjoys visuals I can say I do n't miss them in the face of so much inforation available within Encyclopaedia Britannica . But in terms of media and a fun quotient Encarta is hard to beat .2 . what education level are you comfortable learning in ? Again , Encyclopaedia Britannica does n't compromise much . There is more substance here but with the expectation you will put effort into checking areas you are unfamiliar with . This is very much a encyclopedia in the real sense of the word . But for the good cross reference tools and links to other sites you are reading a book , not `` experiencing '' information which is Encarta 's strongest point and weakest point at once .3 . should you upgrade ? Based on others who seem hell bent to pummel this excellent CD set it seems the answer is no . It may be better to stick with Britannica 's web solution instead.In conclusion , Encarta beats Britannica hands down in terms of interface , performance speed and colorful content . But Britannica 's best suit is the addition of a theasauras , dictionary , world map , study tools and content . Britannica also has vastly more detail and articles , it 's Year in Review books from 1993 to 2002 along with about the same up to date material as Encarta . In terms of comparing software it is n't fair to compair Encarta Deluxe with Britannica Deluxe , the amount of additional material in Britannica Deluxe compares favorably with Encarta Reference Library where again , Britannica wins in most every catagory of information.I ca n't give Britannica five stars due to it 's slower operation and less developed interface . Nor could I give it any less than 4 stars based on information and find it astonishing that reviewers here are so rough on this wonderful software . Should you want the best of both worlds I 'd suggest both Britannica and Encarta but I would also warn you that Encarta Reference Library is the way to go as it is substantially more developed than Encarta Deluxe.Of the two Britannica is the superior package , providing comprehensive knowledge is what you are looking for .
 I have bought both Encarta and Britannica for years -LRB- EB in printed edition too
 StuffIt Deluxe 11.0 offers a combination of power and functionality nearly unmatched by the competition . If data compression is a large part -LRB- or even a small part -RRB- of what you do , StuffIt Deluxe is the tool to have in your toolbox.Even though hard drives consistently get bigger , storage is not infinite . Even if you have a 500 GB drive , you may need to compress a file to email it , store it on a USB drive , or fit it onto a CD-ROM or DVD . Data compression is a great way to save space , and StuffIt Deluxe is a compression tool that lets you easily and quickly compress your files.The product installation is a standard Windows install and pretty straightforward . At install completion , you enter the product key number and then your contact information to register the software . There are a number of different compression file types you can assign to open with StuffIt.The interface is straightforward . Most activities can be executed via the Start , Manage Archives , Search , New , or Open tabs . Clicking each tab brings up a different screen , at which point the next steps are intuitive.StuffIt Deluxe is packed with nearly every conceivable compression feature you can think of . The full set of features is at -LSB- ... -RSB- . One of the handiest feature is a time-saving one
 Este programa lo compre hace 15 dias , y lo he estado estudiando juiciosamente . Por el precio que tiene ofrece las capacidades de un mega editor profesional . Las pantallas que aparentemente son complicadas una vez entendidas son muy sencillas realmente y en terminos generales no hay practicamente nada que no se pueda hacer con este software en cuanto a edici&oacute;n de video se refiere . El manual en ingles es bueno y como bono adicional al libro viene tambi&eacute;n en espa & ntilde ; ol . Bien por eso.Camilo
 I like this product . I have tried several movie editing/DVD burning software products trying to find one that meets my needs without costing me an arm and a leg . I am working on a project that involves converting the contents of old VHS tapes into DVD . My PC is equipped with the following hardware :1.0 G AMD processor1G memory2 - 120G hardrivesHauppage WinTV 250 video capture cardHP DVD burnerMy problems with video software seemed to occur after I tried to edit the video . I do n't know what happened but I believe that each software product has a different compression method because the quality of the video never was as good after being processed -LRB- ArcSoft Showbiz , Ulead MovieFactory -RRB- . I downloaded a copy of Ulead MediaStudio Pro and it performed great . The quality of my movies was just as good after editing as they were before . MediaStudio Pro is expensive . I read about Magix and their other video editing products got decent reviews so I thought I would give Movie Edit Pro 2004 a try . The price was right and I have not been disappointed . First off , I was shocked that I actually received a usable user 's manual with the software . The tutorials provided are helpful . The user interface was intuitive for me -LRB- but I have used several products now , I have and idea of what to expect -RRB- There are a few screens that use terms that are confusing especially some of the audio and video cleaning screens . The video editing functions are very easy to use as are the DVD menu creation functions . After a great deal of trial and error , I was able to create some decent DVDs from my VHS tapes . I also created some clips for use on the web.This software is not without problems . There are quirks . I think every piece of video software that I have tried has had some issues . Sometimes the audio and video would get out of sync . Unexplainable white flashes would occur during scene transitions . The audio/video thing can be dealt with but it is annoying to play a DVD -LRB- 4-6 hours to process and burn -RRB- and find that half-way through the thing , the audio gets behind the video . Magix has a decent user 's forum on its website . You might want to check that out before purchasing the software . It gives some insight to the kinds of problems users are finding .
 I have searched for months for a cost effective and feature-filled video editing program . I looked at Pinnacle , Ulead , Cyberlink , and so on . Magix 's movie edit pro seems to be the best product out there for under $ 100 . This program is loaded with features . First off , there is a bonus content cd with tons of extra video and audio clips . Plus , the installation cd has many more video clips , audio clips , and transitions that are either included in the program installation or just on the cd , totalling up to around 2,000 media files . The options are endless integrating those media files into your own videos.The program itself is incredibly awesome . I have only run into a few problems -LRB- such as one crash and some audio glitches -RRB- during the time I have owned it . You can do things like add commentaries , reverse the film , do picture and picture effects , add 3-D transitions , do green , blue , white , or black screen effects , and many more . Another really cool feature that you do n't see in cost-effective video editing programs is the ability to create video menus on DVDs . I recorded about 30 minutes of DV footage onto my computer , and there were no dropped frames.I would say that this program 's only competitor in a similar price range is Apple 's iMovie . Although , this program comes with many more specific features , which almost puts it in the catagory of the higher priced video editing programs such as Adobe Premiere Pro . However , if you are looking for extremely powerful but very expensive software you should check out Apple 's Final Cut Pro HD . If you do not wish to spend 1,000 dollars on a video editing program , -LRB- which is Final Cut Pro 's price -RRB- then Movie Edit Pro 2004 is a great buy . This program has similar professional features and costs a lot less.Another feature I am particulary interested in is it 's ability to function in real time . I am running a 2.8 GHZ processor with 512 ram , and it seems that the program always runs pretty smooth.I called this program `` the best buy '' because programs like pinnacle studio 9 and Ulead Video Studio 8 lack some important features that this program has.Overall , Magix 's Movie Edit Pro 2004 is a fun and powerful tool to edit videos .
 Today , most home users want `` video editing '' software to simply take a home movie from a camcorder and create a DVD from it . Sometimes , they want to do simple edits , and/or add music or titles to the video as well . If that is all you want to do , and you would like to do it in the absolutely easiest way possible , then this software probably is n't the best choice.Now , if you -LRB- like me -RRB- want an actual video editor , that will do very complex editing and effects , then Magix is awesome . I have tried pretty much all of the video editing software packages , and nearly all of them offer only basic editing tools to make a movie . One of the greatest things about Magix is that the effect 's properties can be changed dynamically through curves . This means that you do n't have to use any types of presets for zooms , PIP , rotation , color changes , sound fades/effects . The effect will change based on the curve that you set in the timeline . This is a HUGE improvement over all other low-budget software packages that lack this feature.I bought Magix because my friends and I frequently make short films just `` for fun , '' and I was tired of Pinnacle Studio constantly crashing right in the middle of editing . I was extremely happy to find out that Magix is absolutely loaded with features that an ameture video editor would love -LRB- blue screen effects come to mind -RRB- . Also , I am astounded that most reviews of video editing packages do n't mention the quality of the output video . There is a very big difference between the quality of video from one package to the next . For instance , many have a `` digital '' look to them where the image can look pixellated . In contrast , Pinnacle Studio 's output is usually somewhat blurry -LRB- probably to reduce pixellation -RRB- . I 'm glad to say Magix is tied -LRB- with Nero -RRB- for the best quality DVD videos , and they look great even on a 55 '' widescreen TV.Now , Magix is in some places `` rough around the edges '' . But , if you want and editor with some serious power , then this is literally the only one on the market in the price range that can produce some very interesting editing effects .
 I was looking for some software to edit and burn home movies to DVD from my mini DV camcorder.I read reviews on this site about the big players and was not impressed . I decided to go with this well reviewed product due to it having the two basic features I wanted .1 . DV Importing and Editing2 . Self-Contained DVD burningI was pleasantly surprised with how rich a program this turned out to be.The interfaces were intuitive and allowed a range of complexity . You could easily just burn raw footage directly to DVD or make an editing masterpiece.I created my first DVD in about 2 hours.The manual that comes with the software is pretty good with step by step instructions and screen shots.The DVD Authoring menu allows the user to add Menu backgrounds , music and combine projects onto a single DVD . It also allows the user to burn the project files -LRB- editable -RRB- onto the DVD as a multi-mode DVD format so that they could be retreived and added to later.Only thing I probably should have not done is approve the program 's media player to be the default media player . I can fix that pretty easily and you can just de-select that as an option during install .
 I was a bit concerned having read the reviews before purchase that this might be somewhat difficult to learn . After purchase the following happened
 First let me say that before I purchased MEP -LRB- I have version 10 -RRB- , I did a lot of research on available editing software . I must have read hundreds of reviews , several for each available brand . I also downloaded trial versions and edited some of my movies with them for comparison . And after all of that , I ended up buying MEP . I chose MEP because of the price and the excellent feature list.However I must admit , I was somewhat apprehensive about my decision because of the reviews I 'd read . One of the major research sources I used was PC Magazine 's online reviews . PC Magazine has reviews for just about every video editing software package on the market and is a good place to find information on video editing software . The PC Magazine editor had given Move Edit Pro a mediocre rating of 3 out of 5 . The magazine commended MEP on its range of features but complained about the user interface and support.However , the article also included MEP user 's responses to the article and most of the users seemed to absolutely love the software . As I read more and more reviews , I began to see a pattern . Users who seemed to be looking for a simple tape to DVD transfer package were mostly dissatisfied with MEP and the users on the other end of the spectrum , those that wanted a powerful editing utility , love the program . So you end up with the old , `` you either love it or hate it '' adage about this software ; there 's not much room for anything in the middle.I 've had the software for a week now and I have to say that I love it . Unlike some of the downer reviews , I 've had no problems with the interface ; on the other hand , everyone seems to agree that support sucks , I 've looked at the support website and I have to concur . I think the interface could be a lot better too . If Magix had adopted a more Windows standard interface , I believe they would have fewer complaints but even so , the interface is not hard to use and I ca n't really complain about it . No , my only complaint so far is that I 've run into memory errors with it from time to time . So far , it has n't kept me from making my movies and it has n't happened very often but memory errors can be troublesome if they occur very frequently . I also receive errors when I try to access files across my network.At this point , I can say that I 'm very satisfied but not ecstatic about the software . If it were n't for the buggy memory behavior , I 'd give it a perfect five star rating.I 'd recommend this software to anyone who wants to perform heavy editing on your movies at a very reasonable price . The features and the content are far and above anything on the low-end of the market . You 'll not find the same range of features in another product without looking at the professional video editing packages that start at several hundred dollars and go up to over a thousand.If all you want to do is quickly transfer your tapes to DVD , then I would recommend one of the other packages such as ArcSoft 's ShowBiz Wizard . ShowBiz2 came with my HP DVD writer -LRB- dc3000 -RRB- and I 've used it considerably to edit and create DVD 's as well but I wanted something more powerful which is what led me to Magix 's Movie Edit Pro . However , ShowBiz Wizard is an ultra simple way to quickly transfer video tapes to DVD if that 's all you need . In fact , whenever I copy my friend 's tapes to DVD , I use ShowBiz Wizard , it 's quick and easy but it does n't give you any editing capabilities . **** A Month Later **** Okay , I 've had the software for a month and I 've worked on several projects with it and now I wish I had n't rated it so high . I still like the interface and the features . The software really is powerful . However , I 've had many problems importing and encoding certain videos . The ones that work are great ; they make you want to give the software praise . But then the problem videos make you want to strangle the developers . I have one short 30 minute video of a brass band performance that I wanted to burn to DVD for my fellow band members . I was able to successfully capture the video using ShowBiz2 and encode it to MPEG format -LRB- I have to do this with all videos because MEP does n't recognize my USB connected cameras or VCRs -RRB- . I then imported the video into MEP , like I always do . The video comes across fine but the sound is corrupt . I tried several work arounds and finally ended up burning the video to DVD from ShowBiz2 with no editing and then importing it again into MEP . AT that point I had both sound and video . Great ! So I edit the film and try to burn it to DVD from MEP and the software craps out on me again . It ca n't encode the film ! I try several times with no success . I even re-import the film and try to encode it with no editing , same result !! Very , very frustrating ! I finally gave up on that one and used ShowBiz2 instead ; but I really missed the MEP features . The next one I do is a large film ranging over my first son 's first year . It is a large film , over 4 GB . There is a known issue with files like this and MEP but the work arounds so far do n't work for me . Again , I get the video but the sound is corrupt . I have n't given up on this one yet . I 'll try a few things but it 's starting to look like I should have opted for one of the other editors with fewer features and fewer bugs.Regards ...
 I have been making movies with the sims2 and other movies of my family but this program works great ! i was kinda worryed when i saw the other reviews but i proved myself wrong buy this great product Movie Edit Pro 2004 its amazing and trust me its easy enoph for a kid to use it then u can 2 !
 Extensive use of the product and reading of various reviews of magix 's movie edit pro have made me come to the conclusion that the software is n't as difficult to use as some -LRB- a few -RRB- people say it is . for everything i wanted to do , there seemed to be a very helpful tutorial video which explained it all.Perhaps the `` difficulty '' people were referring to lies in the fact that there is just so much in the software package - which may have inadvertently led to some confusion . The range of effects and samples , including those available from their `` online content library '' , really are quite extensive . and when you take into account that - the last time i checked - amazon sell it for ca . $ 25 , it really does seem to be worth the money .
 Having spent some time looking for software to -LRB- finally -RRB- take my stack of home movies and edit them on the computer , I finally decided to purchase Movie Edit Pro 2004 . The reviews were wonderful for this product , but I was still skeptical . After all , could a product under $ 30 really get the job done?Movie Edit Pro 2004 surpassed my expectations and then some . You can layer your movies with ease , having the capability to add music beginning with a specific frame , or starting a transition between scenes at the frame of your choice . You can add many different music formats to your movies , including MP3 . And the music you add , you can easily adjust the volume up or down to fit appropriately with your movies.Creation of credit and title screens is an easy task . Movie Edit Pro 2004 also comes with many different transitions and features that allow you to hone your movie making skills as you progress.This would also be a perfect starter software package for the young `` I-want-to-make-movies '' under 20-something in your life.Overall , I have no reasons to give this product less than 5 stars . It exceeded expectations , is a tremendous value for its price , and is easy to use . I have n't tried any other products after purchasing Movie Edit Pro 2004 . I have n't needed to .
 I dink that norton internet security professional edition is the best because it protecs my computer from viruses and hackers since i got my software my computer has been safe from viruses and hackers , when i use my internet i can shop safe and no one can still my private information from my computer that why i choice this software because symantec makes the best software and it the number one i recommend that you should buy norton internet security 2003 professional edition it better to be safe and pay some money than not been procted than risking your computer and your private information .
 I had the software before the computer arrived , so out of boredom I read the software instructions -LRB- the book you get with software and never read -RRB- . Gee , it actually helps if you read the instructions . Loaded on the new computer -LRB- Dell 8200 , 2.4 G with 512M ram -RRB- with not a hint of a problem . Have not seen a pop up since . A few self adjusting messages on programs with internet connections and thats it . It runs , you pay no attention . I was very leary of Norton S/W because it has a reputation of taking over your system . Not this one anyway .
 U have to remove NIS 2001 first then install 2003 . It would not over write it . Someone obviously did not read the manual .
 I am quite satisfied with this product . The best feature is the ability to eliminate all the advertisements , animation in webpages and popup windows . It discards the animated advertisements from webpages and make them clean and neat . You wont even know that some advertisement existed there . However , the page loading is slow when you first start internet explorer . Subsequent pages seem to load fine.The software does an effective job in blocking attacks on your computer . In conjunction with another free java software , you can actually locate the computer from where a attack is launched.The antivirus is very effective and check of virus realtime.The only complain I have is that the software does consumes some 30 to 35 MB of RAM . However , I am not sure if that has hampered the performance of my computer.Bottomline , good utility if you buy using lots of rebates . Value for money .
 Yes , read the manual before installing or you will have problems . This firewall/antivirus/ad blocker package works as advertised ... and quite well . Also , do not trust AOL 's built-in firewall on its own . This Norton package stopped plenty of backdoor hack attempts and port scans while I was on AOL . The built-in WIN XP firewall also does not stop all attacks and probes . Norton caught and stopped plenty of activity that made it past both AOL and XP . The add blocking feature works surprisingly well . No pop-ups and very few banner ads make it through . In fact , it works so well that you may have to disable it on occasion to access the features of some transactional sites . I have noticed that sometimes the firewall will not resolve to an IP address ... possibly due to cookie rejection or slow response . I found that by waiting for a page to fully load before clicking through and advancing solves some of this . Still a little annoying . Another added bonus is the built-in IP address tracing that allows you to graphically trace a suspected attacker . You can use the resulting contact information to email a complaint . I now run this Norton package without trouble on both Win98 and XP-Pro machines with a cable modem .
 Bought it . Thought it would be lame like the Music Generator for Playstation . It actually is n't . Not only can you make some insane beats , but you can add your own voice , or outside sounds pretty easily . The interface is nice and the software is relatively easy to use . The best part is that you can convert any song you make to a WAV file , so you can burn a song onto a CD and pretend you are somebody . I gave it 4 stars -LRB- instead of 5 -RRB- because most of the Bass selections are n't all that good , but there are tons of good harmonies and drums to make up for it . Buy it !!
 This program is good for the non-famous singers or people tryin to have fun with music . I bought this program because I was a music starter but it doesnt have enough sounds to make a whole cd or even a couple songs . So now I am getting a real studio . But if you dont want to spend alot of money but want quality songs get Magix Hip-Hop Maker .
 Yeah this is one of the illest music makers , however if this had more sounds then this would meata !
 This is the Hip-Hop Maker of Magix 's series . It has a unique , easy , and nice looking interface . You are able to integrate their provided 500 loops , import your own . And you can even put a video to the music . It has a scratch tool to make your own kickin record scratches to add the nice effects you want . Probably the best ever .
 I purchased this program when it first came out . To be honest with you , the program itself -LSB- stinks -RSB- . It is hard to view the samples that you have used in a composition . The samples themselves are wonderful though . They are of high quality . I have used these samples in other programs that I have and have created a number of tracks that are really good .
 Has great sounds , have n't used the rest of the program . Just wished it had more vocals
 This is a must have music writter for serious techno fans . have you ever dreamed of making music for a living . this is something you want to see how good that feels . you can choose out hundreds of beats and even make your own videos . this game is just great .
 Well , here you go.They have plenty of already made cool techno songs that you listen to forever and then once you get used of making your own music thats even funner.Im not a d.j. either but I can use this.Its easy ... and im only 14 . Games I recommend to buy
 First got this from the library when my daughter was four . She could do it with help -LRB- but thought parts in the ending were a little scary -RRB- . Over the following 3 years she 's been enjoying this by herself and still enjoys it because of the increasing optional levels of difficulty . The kids have fun and do n't even realize they 're learning at the same time . Now that 's a win/win situation .
 We got this for my son when he was 6-7 and it was outstanding . It was fun and very educational . The different ability levels made it useful for awhile -- he did n't outgrow it for years . I highly recommend it !
 Calendar Creator Plus is the perfect program to make plain jane no frillscalendars . That 's the only kind of calendars I make and it does it likeno other I have seen . This is formulated for windows 3.1 , so it is old , not new . It runs on XP like a dream . I had the same program for years , butwhen I went from XP to 7 I lost it and apparently I did not have theoriginal disc to reload it . Search as I might , I could n't find it . So tothe web I went , searching for a low priced plain jane program . Could n'tfind one . The ones I tried were too complicated and all they wanted to dowas to make fancy raz-a-mataz calendars with pictures , clowns and the like.Finally I tried Amazon . Found several and chose a used , but like brand newone for under $ 15 , including shipping . Made my day !!! I only spent a couple of days with Windows 7 , then went back to XP . Lostall my programs making the switch , so make sure you have discs or candownload them again . You have to clean your hard drive to switch betweenWin 7 and XP , either way . AMAZON TO THE RESCUE !!!
 I purchased this calendar program around 1998 and liked it so much I purchased other copies later . This is the most versatile , user-friendly , adaptable calendar program I ever used on a computer until I could n't install it on my 64-bit Windows 7 laptop . This was a huge disappointment.The updated versions do not have the features this one has . In spite of the claims they make , they are NOT improvements . The updated version I installed on my laptop changes formatting , adds false endtimes to every appointment , etc. . The only advantage is that I can now open my calendar files on my laptop.Unfortunately , this program is not compatible with Outlook either . I purchased a program that converted these files for import into Outlook and it did ok . The newest version claims compatibility with Outlook but it is not as easy as they claim.If you are running a 16 bit or 32 bit system , this is the calendar to use for your everyday calendar .
 Nothing tops it , it is simply the best out there . This thing even has a blacklist and whitelist so you can allow what type of threats you want coming through your computer , and what threats you do n't . It does a very thorough scan and by far the best I have seen yet . The only con I would give it is that It does not have password protection , they should have known better than that , but besides that I see nothing wrong with this program . Even has a built in CW Shredder and can clear all your browsing history and temp folder . It 's amazing , you 've got ta get it , my definitions are updated about every other day .
 Many people have previously owned Spysubtract from Intermute . Although it was one of the best anti-spyware softwares ever made , many of those owners are set to have a complete overlook to a new version of the spyware software . For those who did own Spysubtract before , you 'd have to upgrade to Trend Micro Anti-Spyware 3.0 . This software runs exactly like what Spysubtract did , and it delivers much better at detecting spyware , adware and a much more detailed glimpse at the cookies that target and sneak into your life and computer . This is one anti-spyware software I really recommend , it is worth the price.Price
 I have acid music 3.0 and this goes great with it . www.cycloidsounds.com A ton of loops . Download some of the free loops from this at sonicfoundry.com and see for yourself .
 All the loops and one shots contained on this CD are true quality , however , for some , there could have been more of a variety . Very useable material and well recorded . These loops will definitely find a place in your Jazz productions if genuine classic jazz is what you 're after . For what you 're paying for , it 's well worth it .
 I purchased this product for my 9 yo son to learn to type . He absolutely loves it . My goal was for him to do 2-3 lessons per week . After the first lesson , his response was , `` Can I do another one ? '' He actually asks me if he can learn more of his typing -LRB- several times in a day -RRB- . I highly recommend this product for anyone wanting to learn to type .
 I bought this to help me with my Medical Transcription schooling . It did that and now my kids are learning to type with it too . They play it before their non-educational games ! It 's a REALLY great product !
 the program is very simple to use and is loaded with features an excellent buy ...
 Purchased this for my child who was struggling with `` typing skills '' in a middle school technology class . We 've been practicing with Mavis every day and noticing improvement which gives my student great encouragement and confidence to continue on !
 This course is really easy and fun to use and my typing speed and accuracy has started to improve almost immediately !
 I tried out the 17th version on a trial basis and I also have the 11th version . Right now I am only using the software to improve my ten key so I cant comment on keypad or alpha numeric . On both of these it does not drill you on / , + , - and * . My mother who works for the state she said we never use these on the ten key in the state . I took several tests for a staffing agency for the ten key . I had one were they did not ask for the operators or the keys / , + , - and * . But I had one were they asked me to input / the division for the dates . I imagine they may also ask to input - though i never had a test that asked me to . My opinion is that if you dont constantly get drilled on something your muscle or hand wont remember it . So , with the Mavis Beacon software it wont completely prepare for the 10 key tests that staffing companies have you go through . Since they dont drill you on / and - sign . I like their games . I think the Typing Instructor would better prepare one for the 10 key tests that staffing companies or the companies that hire you . I have improved with Mavis Beacon but I just would not do good if I had to constantly put - sign , / , + or * . I think with the Typing Instructor you can go directly to what you are strong at or weak at . For example if you wanted to see how good you are with decimal signs you can do that wereas with Mavis Beacon I could not do something like that maybe I could but the layout did not make it easy for me to find that . What I dont like about Mavis Beacon is that when you end it goes through the credits when you close and when you begin it goes through an animation for a minure or more before you begin wereas with Typing Instructor I can begin immediately and close right away .
 I bought this program for my husband , he used to have a former version for PC.He likes it very much , it is easy to follow and lets him work at his own pace .
 IT REALLY SCARES ME HOW MUCH I THOUGHT , THAT I COULD TYPE EVEN A LITTLE . SPEED IS NOT REALLY THE THING ACCURACY IS MORE IMPORTANT . MAVIS BEACON IS TEACHING ME THE TRUE DYNAMICS OF TYPING SO THAT I CAN REALLY USE MY SKILLS AS A WRITER BEFORE NOW I 'VE JUST BEEN THE ONE WHO WRITES EVERYTHING BY HAND ! THANK YOU FOR GIVING ME A NEW OPPORTUNITY AT ACCURACY AND PATIENCE !
 i think that Mavis Beacon is good to use all though the Mavis and her hands can get annoying .
 I 'm 36 and never learned how to type . I figured I 'd try and since the Mavis Beacon series seem to be the most popular , I got this one , despite some reviews describing installation problems.Sure enough , when I installed it , it would n't run . You basically need to set it up to run in Win98 or Win2000 compatibility mode , at 640x480 resolution . Reboot , and Voila!So it 's been 3 days , and even though my speed dropped quite a bit with learning the proper fingers , I 'm typing properly . And the speed is coming back fast.The classes are very well designed , it 's actually pretty amazing how efficient it is , and fun on top of it.The only reason I 'm not giving it 5 stars is the compatibility issues . How hard can it be for their engineers to update their engine ?!
 My son is eleven and is just starting to use computers . I thought typing software would start him on a lifetime of good typing habits . I chose Mavis Beacon because of the longstanding reputation . Once we got it to work the way I wanted , the actual lessons and games work fine and he is learning to touch type nicely . The kids ' setting moves at a pretty reasonable pace for his skill -LRB- minimal -RRB- and age.The installation engine for this software looks like something left over from 1979 . It gives no feedback about the only choices -LRB- full or minimal install -RRB- and is not `` Mac-like '' in any way . The biggest problem I had has to do with the multiuser aspect of the Mac OS X system . I wanted to install the software into the main Applications folder and then let my son use it on his parental-controlled user account . It took me nearly an hour two times to get it to play nice with both multiuser and parental limitations on my desktop and laptop machines . The problem has to do with permissions , which default to read only in all accounts but the main administrator 's account . This generates error messages because it ca n't save your work and progress in those other accounts . I finally figured out that I had to go to the User - accountname - Shared - Boderbund folder and change permissions to let everyone have read-write access to the personal work files and folders . Just for good measure I changed the permissions on the program itself . Now everyone is happy and my son can learn to type in his own account space without having access to my work and financial records.For a program of this popularity and age , I would expect a better installation experience . I know I 'm not the only one having problems , but for us it did turn out OK in the end . My twenty years as a Mac power user came in handy . If you are just doing a straight-forward installation in your own account , it probably will work fine .
 I bought this because it looked from the reviews that it was the best on the market . I have now owned it for a couple of months and I can not say that I disagree . I have loaded this on to 2 computers so far as I purchased a new one recently and I have had no problems in loading the program as some people had mentioned . When I started practicing I confess I was a one finger typist . I found the lessons easy to understand and great at teaching me where all the keys etc. are . The games often provided a welcome break but continuing to reinforce everything you had learned at that point . The only thing now that seems to be holding me back from making this keyboard keys steam is practice and my spelling . If you want learn touch typing with fun and ease then this is the program for you !!
 I have kept a copy of Mavis Beacon nearby since I first tried version 5 years ago on my old 386 DX . It did the job then , and keeps getting better . I do wish they would give it a major overhaul . The games are mostly the same , the graphics have gotten better but it is mostly the same old interface.Now , that said , maybe it is wise not to mess with a good thing ! lolI approached this software with the basic strategy of giving it 15-20 minutes of my time as soon as I sit down at my desk in the morning . I do not have to type all day so I get rusty . This always gets me going strong again . I am no speed demon and have no need or desire to be . However , I do n't use 2 fingers any more . Just commit 15 minutes a day , once or twice a day and you will be cruising along in no time.If you have version 16 , maybe even 15 , there is no reason to update . If your copy is older , you will definitely want to update . Go with the DELUXE version . You can normally see it on sale in the Sunday ads for $ 15 - $ 19 . I got mine for $ 19 ... 4 weeks later it was selling for $ 15 since it is X-mas time .
 I definitely know what it takes when it comes to praticing for the skills of typing . Nevertheless , most of us who are learning the computer know it is a essential to know how to type , and be good at it . While there are several different typing programs that do teach you to type you way to success , no software has been able to be as popular as the longtime Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing franchise . Since it came out several years ago , it has been one of the most popular teaching tools of the trade for typists to be , or anybody who wants to easily learn the computer . The question is , can the latest edition be as goos as the earlier editions?Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Volume 17 , does deliver helping anybody through the tricks of the trade know how to type with success . This edition is very well crafted , through not just the graphics , the sound as it tells you what you need to improve upon through each and every typing exercise from learning about the way to type and your positions , but it also teaches you how to type through the tricks of the trade on 10-key instructions , which can found on either the top of the computer , or on the right side of the keyboard . The software also includes some great mini-games that are also very well skilled tools that can help you from a racing game , to a simple grocery checkout game . The software is very helpful and is a essential teaching tool , and it is worth the money.Although many people do n't know exactly how to type , I absolutely suggest the Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Volume 17 for anybody who wants to learn how to perform this essential tool for typewriting , or anybody who needs to learn how to operate a computer . I 've used this software a few years ago , and my typing spped went up to over 40 words a minute . If you want it to help you , I suggest you buy this program.Graphics
 I purchased Mavis Beacon as part of our homeschool to teach my 8 and 10 year old boys proper typing skills . They use it 10 - 15 minutes a day and both really enjoy it . We have n't been at it long enough to know the outcome , but they are using it faithfully , love the games after doing a lesson and never complain . That 's worth a lot !
 I bought this typing tutorial but beware if you have troubles , they do n't answer at the manufacturer . You are on your own with even simple questions . This is keeping me from rating it higher . They need to respond to folks . RM
 Product was delivered in a timely manner . Did not have any of the installation issues that I saw in the other reviews . Just FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS and away I went . The program does what it 's supposed to do - teach you touch typing . I bought it primarily for my 10 & 9 year old as they are getting to the age were the need to get on the internet for homework & reports . I also am getting a lot of benefit out of it . The last time I tried Mavis ' program was on my old IBM -LRB- 486 processor running WIN 3.1 -RRB- . I 've been a three finger typist since the days I actually used a typewriter and this IS helping me to take advantage of all ten digits without having to look at the keyboard . The games and progress updates are n't dazzlers -LRB- not a whole lot has changed since the last verison -RRB- but they too do what they are supposed to do , let the kids know how they 're doing . Overall grade - MONEY WLL SPENT
 This is excellently done . It does teach you to type , but it frustrates me when I ca n't get my speed up . -LRB- Not the programs fault -RRB- ! I would recommend this product to anyone .
 My daughter used this product and found it useful.The first shipment of the product had a flaw in it but AMAZON corrected the product with a replacement item . I was satisfied with the procedures for replacement .
 Once I started using Mavis Beacon my typing skills went up.On first it took me forever to finish a sentence , but now since I started using Mavis Beacon I 'm an execellent typer.Thanks to Mavis Beacon !!!
 I 'm an adult who tries to learn how to type with my 10 fingers . Mostly I get by typing by using my two fingers . After , I bought the previous version -LRB- version 12 -RRB- , I really like this program !! Eventhough the earlier version is n't really robust -LRB- screen freezes in a game -RRB- , I still can manage to work around it and still enjoy my learning experience.Overall , the content and the method of teaching are great . It 's really effective , dynamic and fun which is important aspect for me since I get bored easily . Sometimes , I also got addicted and forget it 's time to sleep :--RRB- . I bought this version because it has more games and additional practise materials . Also because it 's more robust than the earlier version and cross-platform . Overall experienceThe lessons are really focused in practising for each hand or combination fingers , then slowly move to combine both hands . It starts w / alphabeth then move to numbers and symbol . The games are also developed for specific aspect of your typing , such as accuracy , speed , rythm . It 's also gives you different challenge each time based on where you are in the lesson . I really love the games , especially the chamellion picnic . The program also gives you an immediate feedback on your accuracy and speed everytime you complete a lesson or a game , which I love . And for those of you who likes to read stats , you can also monitor your overall progress.After apprx . 3 weeks of practising everday for an hour to 3 hours after work , now I can type around 35 WPM -LRB- and I 'm still practising till I can type 60 WPM -RRB- . I 'm so extatic with the result , considering that I was typing with two fingers before . And best of all , it 's really really fun . So I recommeded this program for those of you who are in the same boat as me.And do n't forget . . practise , practise , practise . .
 this game is fun i played it a my work program bcrc i think it was this one that i liked or it was the other mavis beacon the old version 17 that i loved i really enjoyed it it got me to learn how to type fast on keyboarding and i really enjoy these 17 old version of mavis beacon i dont think i have ever played mavis beacon the old version 15 just yet but i ordered it and i might try it when i ever get it and i hope my computer gets fixed soon i like to play mavis beacon typing games and lessons they are fun and challenging to me and i am willing to try mostly anyone whatever game that is
 Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Deluxe 17 Win/MacI am very pleased with this software . It is a great help !
 I was hesitant about buying this software package because of all the complaints about installation.To be quite honest , I 'm not sure what the problem was ... . I installed this on my laptop -LRB- Win XP Pro -RRB- with as little effort as possible in installing any software.The program came right up and I 've been practicing my typing ... Could n't be simpler . And it sure would be hard to beat Mavis ...
 What makes education so wonderful is a program 's ability to be interactive , diverse and fun . The Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Deluxe edition has all the elements required to teach the skills needed , to any student beginning or advanced , at a relaxed and steady pace . Even the games are fun and educational at the same time . It was so important for me to know that I was learning what I needed to without wasting time on prior lessons . I recommend this product 100 % to anyone who wants to learn to type for whatever reason . My personal development went from 30 wpm to a whopping 119 wpm with 2 errors . Now , that 's a teacher !
 This program has been good for our 14 and 12 year old kids to better their keyboarding skills this summer . They say it `` could be more fun '' but it is fun enough to keep their attention for 40 minutes a day -LRB- their average daily lesson time -RRB- .
 This program does a great job of teaching typing . My 8th grade daughter has voluntarily worked with it daily for the past two weeks . She has gone from 35 wpm to 50 wpm -LRB- adjusted -RRB- in that two weeks . My 11th grade son uses it , too , but his typing skills are weak and only slowly improving -LRB- from 10 to 12 wpm -RRB- . My complaint is about the manuscript training ; we can not figure out where the manuscript is that the students are to be copying from . If the program showed where to find them to print them out for the lesson , this would get 5 stars .
 I love this program . I have not spent alot of time using it but I have already learned most of the keys . I am typing wothout looking down :o-RRB- I have windows xp and was hesitant at 1st because of some other reviews saying it was locking up . I have not had any lock-up issues , it runs very smooth . I had doubts that a program like this could teach me to type , but I am happy to see it really works .
 This is a tremendous tool for learning or improving , sharpening your typing skills . It is economical priced !
 My six year old son says
 I purchased this game for my kids and we all love it . Me and my husband even like playing it . It can be addictive so caution with use . It was really worth the price and the shipping was fantastic . Have fun while learning .
 My granddaughter is struggling with some aspects of division and multiplication . It took her a little bit to get the hang of the game but once she caught on she loves it . We use it as a reward for her accomplishing homework , chores , etc. , and she ca n't wait to play it !! If her enjoyment of the game translates into learning the concepts she has to use to advance levels , this will be a winner .
 I work with 3rd Grade students that are from an inner city . They enjoy this game a lot because it plays like an action game . They get to shoot things that are in their way and the game will slow down if the child needs the extra time . I have to say since the children have just recently started using this program , I ca n't say that it works . What I can say is that the game works on improving hand-eye coordination , mental math , and increases recall of math facts . I would recommend this game for the mere fact that it works on the previous items mentioned as well as make learning fun .
 The neighbor kids and my grandkids stand in line for a turn to play this game . I 'd rate it as a huge sucess !
 I have every single -LRB- that I know of -RRB- Math Blaster game out there . My kids love them all . I saw this one and could n't resist buying it . My 12 , 10 , and 7 year-olds all play this version . -LRB- It 's too simple for the 12 year old , but he plays as a reward for piano practice - so I 'm not too concerned about his refreshing earlier math skills . -RRB- My thought it to have each child play the grade level above theirs , and that 's ususally right where they 're at . Yes , there are a few annoying glitches in the way some of the characters can and can not move around -LRB- I do n't play them myself to know well -RRB- but I would hope that children are not so whiny that it matters too much . I think every family should have Math Blaster Geometry , Algebra , and all grade levels . If you can make math fun , and use it as a POSITIVE REWARD ... that is called a `` win win '' ! : -RRB-
 A fun and excellent way to learn math . Great program for children with learning differences .
 I 'm a 10 year old boy -- I play this game for hours . I find it very enjoyable . I like it more for the game than the math . The game helps you build quick thinking and reaction skills . I rank it as my favorite computer game ever .
 The focus on this game is definitely making math facts fun . My kids -LRB- aged 6 and 9 -RRB- play it because they want to get to the next level , just as in any other arcade kind of game . They complain that they ca n't go back and play levels that they 've already gotten to - they have to start at the beginning of the game and go to each `` game '' in turn , whether they want to or not.I 'm glad I got it , because it will help my 9 year old daughter practice those facts , but I do n't think it 's enough by itself . I have n't found any way to make sure she 's limited to levels that are n't too easy for her . It does encourage her to improve her speed .
 The first kudos I have to give to this software is the ease of installation . It was perhaps the least complicated software programme that I have installed for years . It did not conflict with anything else on my machine , and did not require me to adjust settings or modify anything else . Your mileage may vary , of course , but I am operating on a fairly standard , low-tech machine , and ease of use is very important to me.This is a fun programme ! There are multiple levels , lots of action , lots of colour , good music and a good story line that weaves together the Math Blaster as she or he goes through the different levels . There are various obstacles and perils to overcome , as well as elementary math problems to solve to be able to advance to the next level . For example , at the first level , there is a combination to unlock the door to the next level - this combination can only be solved by solving a simple arithmetic equation . The Math Blaster must jump , run , and collect numbers to solve the equation before advancing.The higher the level , the greater the difficulty with perils , and the greater the difficulty with math problems . Addition , subtration , equivalents , multiplication , division , simple problem-solving , speed and accuracy , and even some very basic algebra/missing-term concepts are introduced along with way . This is a very clever way to introduce times tables and other kinds of information that is often memorised by simple rote repetition . Playing the game over and over , children with learn both the content and the concepts while being entertained and challenged on multiple levels.The graphics and game elements should appeal to both girls and boys . The art work reminded me of some of the kinds of animated television shows from Asia ; there are comic-book elements of story that link together the different levels . The music is very well done , and appropriate to the science-fiction/mathematical theme ; the vocal talents are also well matched to the theme.This is a programme that is very well done , from both a technical and a teaching standpoint . Kids will want to play the game over and over -LRB- adults may want to , too ! -RRB- . The game is set up for multiple players to use the same computer , so they can advance to different levels together , or advance on their own as time and playing permit.It 's a blast !
 This product is all new for 2005 and features a new character , a new story and a new gameplay style.Bonuses for Kids and Parents : Kids ... there 's never been a Math Blaster with this much action and actual platform gaming before.Moms and Dads ... if your kids do n't do well at the math , they 're not going to move from level to level successfully ... they have to do the math to play the game.As of this writing , both USA Today and Reviewcorner.com have given it 4.5 stars out of 5 . Those are fair assessments.Its system requirements are Windows XP and 2000 , and whoever gave one star because Amazon accidentally put the wrong info on ought to be absolutely embarrassed for misleading people instead of simply reporting the problem to Amazon.I 'd let my kids play it !
 When I got this game at TARGET it was $ 30.00 ! But boy was it worth it ! I gave this to my daughter . Right away after dinner I downloaded it . She played it for hours ! And on Wednesday she was ready for her time test . I reccomend this to ages 5 to 13 . A great learning tool !
 I 'm not sure why the others are complaining - my second grader likes playing it , and it 's a great way to practice math and build speed while having fun . Especially since in his school they have timed tests that force them to be fast or lose points - this is a great way to build that speed up to the automatic level . I think this is way better than boring flash cards and can see my son 's addition and subtraction speeds improving almost immediately . The music and challenge level are really no different than many other video games out there , however this game helps improve math skills . It 's a no brainer in my book .
 I bought this item for my grandson - it seemed fun to practice multiplication , etc. . He actually did not want to even look at it , but absolutely loved it , after playing just once . It seems to be geared to children 's minds and I think it is a clever way to get children to practice math . I can only recommend it .
 I have been through dozens upon dozens of learning games . All of them are glorified worksheets . They focus on the same old modalities and fail to harness to real potential of interactive games.This game , however , is an arcade game first with learning worked in . So it 's fun . It 's easy . The controls are simple . My students with autism love it . Check with your local library first ... they may have it.I 've read the complaints but we 've not had any of those experiences here in the classroom .
 I purchashed this product for my grandchildren . My granddaughter is in 4th grade and recently changed shcools to a new town . She was an `` A '' student in her old school , but the math program in her new school was really defeating her . Math Blaster made catching up to the advanced level of her new school easier and it is in game form . The plus to this product is that my grandson is in first grade and he loves to play the games and learn the math too . It has been a very helpful experience for both of them .
 My son 8 , LOVES this game . I am sure it helps because his favorite subject is math . The game keeps him going for hours . It is very challenging and exciting . A good pick for kids who need help and who just love math problems .
 My son loves playing this game , and as a parent I love that he likes it because its a great learning utility . I 'd definitely recommend this to any parent who has an elementary school student at home . It has a great entertaining value to learning , they did a great job making this
 We bought this game after trying several other -LRB- very boring -RRB- math computer games . My sixth grader has struggled with the most basic math facts . We have tried flash cards , other computer games , etc. . She rolled her eyes at me when I told her that she had to play this for an hour when we first got it . Later I caught her playing it again -- even though I had n't told her that she had to . She played it quite a bit during the Christmas break , and she came home from her first day after Christmas break and was so excited that math was so much easier ! -LRB- I do n't think she even realized why -RRB- My three other grade school children have also played this game , and they like it a lot . They like that it is more like a video game .
 Once you decrypt the game entry point , Math Blaster is a brilliant method for teaching basic math functions -LRB- + , - , * , / -RRB- . The problem with startup is the lack of guidance on how to start the game . A line or two -LRB- in the UI -RRB- explaining how to start the game -LRB- after the arithmetic tables are displayed -RRB- would be a tremendous assistance for beginners . We were disappointed with the list of + , - . * , / tables displayed until we accidently clicked the entry point with the mouse . The user is presented an endless set of arithmetic expressions which the user must discern as valid/invalid while exploring a labyrinth of shoot-em-up and donkey-kong type choices . Perfect for a 6 year old 1st grade student !
 Challenging and fun . Graphics a fair compared to the mindless flashy video games . Educational value is exellent , challenging and helps develop speed as well as accuracy . The challenge of having to think and get the right math answer in order to advance makes the games more challenging than the flashey graphic video games . If the animation was similar to the flashy video game adventures -LRB- IE
 My 8-year old son loves playing this Math Blaster and the repetition of times tables and divisions helps him learn . For my taste there is a lot of simple game playing relative to calculating , so if you are looking for a game-based version of Kumon , this is not it . But for reinforcing math skills your child is acquiring the old-fashioned way , in a game environment boys love , Math Blaster is fine .
 I own both Oregon Trail and Amazon Trail . And I have actually always liked Amazon Trail better than Oregon Trail.This game allows the player travel down the Amazon River , while exploring events that occurred on the river during different time periods . The player can interact with simulated Native Americans , Henry Ford , Teddy Roosevelt , etc. . The player can also learn about different diseases , species of plants and animals , etc.It 's a great twist to learning . I recommend any parent to buy this for his/her kid .
 I freaking loved Amazon Trail ! I got the second version when I was a wee child in elementary school , and later played through it again as an adult . This game is super fun and educational . I just so happened to have an obsession with the Amazon , as well as animals , photography , and history , so this game did n't get much more perfect for me . If they make a newer version -LRB- oh please do ! -RRB- I would buy it for myself in a heart beat . I remember a LOT of stuff still that I would n't have known if not for that game . Definitely helped my development into a smart little kid and a very nerdy adult : P
 I first played this game when I was young . This game is fairly educational involving animal Identification , problem solving and even some diplomacy when working with the native people . It can be a little boring , especially when all you are doing is rowing down the river for a while . But if you are really good at it , you can beat the game very quickly . It does n't have too much of a replay value though , which is a bit of a dissapointment.There were a few technical problems with the game . I have a newer computer and noticed that many of the animations did n't work too well and that the game would occasionally crash after a while . All in all a decent game worth a couple hours of play . Very educational too !
 Piano Wizard provides a fun way to learn how to play piano and read music . I 'm learning the piano along with my children and I enjoy Piano Wizard as much as they do . Currently , we are working through the lessons in the Easy Mode version . There are a few things that I wish were included with this program .1 . Printed music books to use with a real piano after progressing through the 4 levels on the MIDI keyboard2 . User sign-in that would record progress for each person using the program3 . Option to have the computer run through a demonstration of the song prior to the user playing the song the first timeOverall , this program is great and I recommend it to make learning the piano more fun and enjoyable .
 First beware of the MIDI cable that is supplied with the software . If it is the M-Audio Uno USB-MIDI cable -LRB- which is what I have -RRB- , it might not work with your keyboard . This MIDI cable is not 100 % compatible with all keyboards , especially with the Yamaha keyboards . I got an Yamaha keyboard and it took me 3 days to figure out what is the problem . And I ended up buying a separate USB-MIDI cable , Yamaha UX16 , which cost me another $ 50 bucks.However , once I got this to work correctly , my kid loves to play with it . That 's good . The only problem is the program is meant to be a game , and not a piano lecture . It does not teach proper fingering , techniques and etc. . . So , do n't think you can use this to learn piano . However , it does make playing piano a lot more fun , especially if your kids or yourself like to play video games.Overall , this program is a good fun musical game . The price is a bit steep .
 This is a brilliant computer game that teaches kids to play piano while having fun . I was quite amazed how my nine year old got hooked playing piano through this game . He gets to choose the song he wants to play , the background and the objects he wants to see , and then scores by pressing the correct key on the piano . I was quite amused watching my kid scrambling his little fingers , trying to find the correct key while his eyes were fixated on the screen . He improved his score from 23 % to 97 % in the very first hour he played .
 I own a consulting firm and we have to develop software for clients in a variety of languages . Personally I do n't terribly enjoy MS products or programming in languages for MS , but if we have to , VS 2005 is so much better than previous versions.Just little things , like the scrollwheel finally working , make huge differences.I wish there were more things built in similar to Eclipse or NetBeans in the Java world , profilers and the like - but in terms of an IDE , it is better than older versions -LRB- 2003 was awful -RRB- .
 This funny little geek has a peculiar knack for explaining things VERY well . I purchased this along with Premiere . Spending just a few hours with this training brought me right up to speed and I was able to turn out a really cool 15 minute video , start to finish in one week , learning curve and all . It earned a standing ovation from all the kids at the elementary school where it played and sold dozens of copies to make money for the school . I simply can not say enough good things about this training software .
 I 'm surprised to see any tepid reviews of VS 2005 . VS.NET quickly became my favorite when it was introduced in 2002 . With this release it continues to improve on the most enjoyable development environment out there . The 2005 edition has added C# generics , C# edit and continue , better intellisense , ClickOnce deployment , SQL Server Express support , and a bunch more.If you 're new to VS.NET , you should check out the Express Edition for the language you 're interested in -LRB- C# , Visual Basic , C++ -RRB- . The Express Editions will probably suit most of your needs for a trial and are available for free from Microsoft 's site . You can install more than one if you need multiple languages.The benefit of getting the Standard or Pro edition is that you get additional functionality like remote debugging , remote datasource capabilities , a single IDE for all languages -LRB- making it easier to do mixed managed/unmanaged code -RRB- , 64-bit compilation and more . The differences should also be reviewed on the Microsoft site before you buy.Bottom line , check it out before buying using the Express Editions . If you 're an experienced programmer my guess is you 'll probably like what you see .
 There are a lot of things better about 2005 that make it worth the jump from 2003 . Most of them you 'll just have to use the software yourself to realize , but a few big ones are : - VASTLY improved intellisense , especially with ASP.NET pages,-New language features with . NET 2.0,-Rather intelligent and visually appealing positioning help in Windows forms,-Improved XML support,-Lots moreThere are a few things that annoy me , from time to time , such as seemingly random bouts of sitting there for 30-40 seconds , looking like it 's hung.The website copy tool , while still something that 2003 did n't have , needs work.Various other little things that need a tad of polishing.Microsoft , HAS , however , promised a service pack , so I 'm sure a lot of things will be fixed or enhanced.Overall , I recommend this release as a smart upgrade from 2003 or earlier .
 I just installed VS 2005 and found some the changes to be dramatic . Especially when writing ASP.Net programs . Gone is the grid layout -LRB- yahoo! -RRB- and the IDE does not change my hand coded HTML -LRB- finally -RRB- . The addition of `` master pages '' has been talked about by many as a huge step , but it pales in comparison to `` code snippets '' , `` web parts '' , and other refinements and additions when using 2.0 . Net framework.Upgrading several existing projects was easy and went smoothly . The process offered to make a backup of the project or website and then proceeded with the conversion.As a small one man development team I am very pleased with the upgrade . I use SQL server -LRB- upgraded to 2005 -RRB- and found the professional edition very handy because I could modify existing data through the IDE -LRB- a feature not included in the standard edition -RRB- . This was critical because currently MS Access 2003 is unable to create databases or make changes to existing databases .
 I 've used development environments as diverse as the LISP environment on dedicated Symbolics machines , Smalltalk , Centerline C++ on Sun , Borland 's C++ IDE in the early 90s , and Borland 's Delphi . After working extensively in Delphi for years for both Windows and Web applications , I switched to Visual Studio for Web Development in 2003 . I can say without a doubt that Visual Studio 2005 is the most productive environment in existence.Everything about this environment save one thing -LRB- more below -RRB- is extremely well done . Some highlights in no particular order : * The Intellisense tools are smooth and very quick -LRB- especially compared with Delphi -RRB- * The project model is clean , simple and easy to modify -LRB- just copy files -RRB- . * Preparing a web site for distribution or upload is ridiculously easy * C# is easily the most productive language available for general business development -LRB- I once mentored C++ for new developers at Bell Labs and have written my own Smalltalk environment so I do n't say this lightly -RRB- * Microsoft has made enormous strides in making web development as easy as VB 's original drag and drop model * The environment is easy to customize with macros , etc. and features a stellar array of productivity-enhancing features -LRB- outlining , refactoring , snippets , etc. -RRB- * There is a broad selection of third-party tools that integration with Visual Studio.Now , for all of its advantages , the one area where they could stand significant improvement is in the help system . For example , the help screens for most environment objects is essentially nothing more than the inheritance tree . It does essentially nothing to educate you about * how * a feature is used . This has been a problem for Microsoft for years and , unfortunately , VS 2005 has done nothing to improve the situation . Thus , you will want to have lots of web and/or written resources on hand when developing.I can not comment on the team development features as I work alone on the software sold by my company.In balance , I 've simply never seen a better development environment .
 I did not get on the . NET bandwagon immediately because quite frankly I found VB.NET quite difficult at first to comprehend . And what took me a rather short time to do a project seemed to take me longer because the learning curve did n't sink in immediately . -LRB- I am a slow learner -RRB- . However , I am very excited about this 2005 edition because they have made some significant improvements with the platform and have made many VB6 programmers quite happy.The first . NET that came out and the 2003 did not seem to catch on with many VB6 programmers . I think now things will start to change and many will start to think the transition is well worth it . I am one of these people . Microsoft has made a very good effort to make their loyal VB6 programmers happy with this new platform .
 I am very impressed with this version of Microsoft Visual Studio . It is very customizable , and has come a long way with regards to integrating various components into a project . The Intellisense in this version is far better than ever before , and the MSDN library that is included is a very valuable resource for any developer . I recommend this product to anyone who is involved or interested in software development .
 A long time programmer I have worked with various studios and languages over the years and have seen substantial improvements over the years with the visual studio and expected noting less with Microsoft Visual Studio Professional 2005 . While the new studio offers new intellisence features and boasted several improvements I was looking for this version runs a little slower than previous versions because of processor and memory overhead requirements . Further using the new sdk introduced a few changes to the code operation when migrating old projects in . Over all an excellent package and have enjoyed the new features , but if you have VS2003 that may be the way to go if your concerned about upgrade and compatibility issues .
 VS2005 is the best tool ever . i 'm using it with Windows XP . and my applications are maily Database applications and Graphics . i program in C++ Win32 Applications , Dot Net -LRB- also C++ -RRB- . the performance is amazing . I faced only one problem when connecting to Oracle via Instant Client 10 . and read more than one line in GetString -LRB- -RRB- ; i dont know is this MS or Oracle Bug or my own . at this point , the debug message does not give a moderate programmer a clue where is the real problem . but still i use MS 2005 on Daily bases and i love the performance and appearance and its compatibilty with all other applications/libraries . it is fun
 I tried the original . NET -LRB- VB -RRB- when it came out in 2002 , and found it overly complicated and just a pain in the butt to use . Good old VB6 performed much better.Recently , I had the opportunity to test drive the new Visual Studio 2005 . In a word , `` WOW '' . It is a breeze to use , and has tons of functionality . It is not the overwhelming monster IDE that the older version was . I bought it.I am quite pleased with this program . It seems MS has taken the time and actually listened to programmers to produce this version of Visual Studio .
 WOW , ca n't believe all the enhancements from VS2003 ! If you are a MicroSoft developer then this is the product for you .
 Although I have not used the product as much as I would like , from installation to using the help documentation , I believe I will benifit in upgrading from the Microsoft Visual Basic 6 product . Lots of good improvements .
 Important upgrade to the . NET family of development tools . A must for developers in the next generation of applications .
 Well when dot net first came along I more or less refused to upgrade until I saw a stable platform . I have finally upgraded ... not sure if it is all that stable but I will say upgrading from VB 6 my application development time has just about been cut in half and I can very impressive looking interfaces . Overall I would say I am happy with the purchase .
 As Developer and System Analyst Visual Studio 2005 it was the best buy in the category development that i made it , powerfull , easy custom and full deploy , build applications with experience , full interaction with windows , as provider my customers trust me with this new tool and they see it very important results .
 Awesome product ! So user friendly , and a must have for all graphic designers and desktop publishers !!
 This is an excellent graphics program which suits my needs well .
 Despite the silly negative comments regarding this release , the product is as solid as ever . Corel once again exceed the expectation for a graphic package priced under $ 300 .
 Purchased a used copy of the CorelDraw to work on an older PC . Discs showed up in slightly used condition -LRB- as expected -RRB- . Everything loaded well and is working great . Seller was good to work with . We received shipment notification and tracking info as expected . Very good experience .
 Great software . I saw a very good price at Buy dot com . Just search for CGS12ENGPC .
 I am an amature photographer and painter . And I love using photoshop too . But I ca n't afford photoshop . Adobe makes great products but they are overpriced . This is why I got Corel Graphics Suite . It supports all the plug-in 's for photoshop , does pretty much everything photoshop and illustrator can and all for a cheaper price . If you are just starting out with computer graphics this is a good alternative to Adobe . Or if you are a student with little or no money and need a legit image suite this is the way to go .
 I have been a user of CorelDRAW for more than 10 years and have often used many other graphics products including the so-called industry leader Adobe products . After using CorelDRAW Graphics Suite 12 I believe I can finally rid myself of all these other products and stick solely to this suite . All the new features are incredibly useful and time-saving . All the applications work well with one another , and I 've pushed it as hard as I can with some huge files , and it has n't had any problems at all . This truely is an incredible release ... thanks Corel !!! PS . If you do n't believe me , download the trial from Corel 's website and try it for yourself -LRB- www.corel.com -RRB- Jim
 I am upgrading from version 10 , and version 10 already has a way to make your default units in Photopaint Pixels.There is also one user that has reviewed this three times with a bad review . C'mon , now.Just press Ctrl-J and change the default units to pixels . Simple.One of the greatest things about CorelDraw is the active help you can get from expert users at http://www.egroups.com/community/cdugIf you had posted this question there , we would have shown you how to do this 3 years ago .
 I have used Coreldraw for almost 6 years everyday in my job from version 9 thru 12 . I was so comfortable with Coreldraw 9 and it was very easy to learn . It was an amazing program for screenprint and embroidery purposes . I upgraded to 11 and they changed all the icons on the toolbars , alienating all the Corel 9 users , but the basics of the program where still there . This is a minor point as its still a great program . Luckily Corel 12 has the same toolbar look as 11 so I 'm now used to it . Corel 12 is a much more stable program than 11 and I have yet had a problem with it crashing.Corel have added some nice features , including the smart drawing tool . You can draw a rough shape and the program will convert it a clean square or circle . This can save alot of time if you want to lay things out quickly . You can also take a clean straight line object and easily give it a jagged edge with the move of the mouse.The Corel program in general is easier to use than Illustrator as its more down to earth , and alot more direct to achieve the same effects.The options to customise the program are mindblowing , as you can set all your own shortcuts , add and remove certain tools and even re-design the look of the icons if you wish . There is also a setting to make Corel look like the Illustrator workspace so that anyone stepping over from Adobe will not feel out of place.Corel have always had easier print options than Adobe . The seperation and prepress tabs are easy to follow and change . Luckily this has n't changed since previous versions.It also has a wide range of file supports , including EPS , JPEG , Adobe Illustrator and DXF . The other programs that come in the suite easily compete with the Adobe CS suite . Especially Corel Trace , which does an excellent job of tracing bitmap images to Vector.Unfortunately I have come to realise that Corel 12 has lost certain small features that all the previous version have kept . When you use a program everyday you get used to shortcuts and methods of designing . But now Corel 12 makes you go the long way round . Small things like not being able to edit an object if its grouped to others , and not being able to make simple changes to nodes without accessing it with the shape tool.These are all minor things that otherwise make for a great design program for the fraction of the price of Adobe CS . I highly recommend it .
 I have been a CorelDraw user since version 3 , and have owned every version except 6 , and even beta tested a couple.Draw12 is terrific . I use it on a daily basis for everything from technical illustration , to 4-color advertising , to landscape design , and beyond . This version is very stable . The snapping options alone are worth the price of admission . I output prepress PDF files with no problem.PhotoPaint is also a major player . Somebody complained that an object rotation of less than 90 degrees caused major blurring of the object . I found some blurring to occur , but running the unsharp mask clears it up nicely.All in all , terrific bang for the buck .
 I have been a diehard CorelDraw an Photopaint fan since version 5.0 and have been designing with Corel for the last 10 years . I am currently working on my degree in Graphic Design and I have a certificate in desktop publishing . I have had a chance to compare Corel against the Industry Standard software applications that are taught at my school . In my opinion , Corel applications are light years ahead of the competition . Their products are intuitive easy to learn and use . You get all the funtionality of Illustrator and Photoshop with CorelDraw and Photopaint plus loads of extras including built-in multi-page layout capability without spending an extra $ 500 - $ 1000 + on Quark or InDesign -LRB- you will be amazed -- it really works great ! -RRB- A real nifty feature is that I can open , edit , and save Illustrator , Photoshop and Adobe PDF files in CorelDraw or Photopaint -- I do this quite frequently when my Illustrator of Photoshop homework assignments give me fits . Corel even does a better job a making PDF files than the Adobe Distiller . Do n't let your service providers debunk Corel . Chances are they have n't revisited Corel applications in years . I wish more employers of graphic designers would use CorelDraw and Photopaint . You ca n't go wrong with these applications and you will save lots of money and help your staff to be more productive .
 If you 're a die hard PhotoShop fan like I was , you need this program . NEEEEEEEED it . It does all the things that Photoshop does , plus some , and guess what guys ? It runs FASTER than Photoshop ever did.Trust me , I 'm a digital artist , not some grandma fooling around with the contrast levels on her grandaughter 's baby pictures - and I tell you that this is the program you need if you 're serious about your art . You can do line drawings , vector graphics , 3-d design , photo editing , image animation and movie editing , and it 's got one hell of a painting set up very similar to PhotoShop but the effects are faster , there are no lags , and they are even more tweakable than PS was.And guess what guys ? If you 've got years worth of old PhotoShop files that you 're worried about losing ? You can buy this product and be saved , because Corel Draw Graphics Suite will open PSD files -LRB- among many many others -RRB- so you wo n't lose your images OR layers . You can keep right on working with your art without losing anything.It 's also got an `` in program '' pressure sensitive draw pad configuration - so you do n't have to argue with Photoshop and go outside of the program to readjust your draw pad every few days.I ca n't tell you guys enough , save the $ 700 you 'd spend on PhotoShop and buy this and a Waacom draw pad instead - not only will you be glad you 've got $ 400 bucks left in your pocket , you 'll fall in love with the ease of creating your art all over again , just like back in the day when all it took was crayons and some construction paper . That 's just how good Corel Draw Graphics Suite 12 is .
 I 've used the Corel Draw suites since v7 for all my various print and web projects . I 've never had to use any other product to achieve completion to my projects - in fact , I consistantly have to fix graphics at work that other people/apps ca n't handle with AI or FH . For its price , it 's the best bang for the buck
 I 've been using Corel products since version 2 or 3 -LRB- I just do n't remember -RRB- , when the whole program -LRB- Corel DRAW those days -RRB- could fit in three 51/2 inch floppy disks . Every upgrade since then has been amazing , and they fulfill every niche that 's left unexplored in the previous one.A very easy-to-use interface and a very user-friendly application is what you 'll get with the graphic suite 12 . Of course , it demands a lot from your hardware -LRB- and I mean A LOT -RRB- , but with the right configuration of hardware and operative system , you 'll be almost as crash free as with a Mac -LRB- well , not quite ... ;--RRB- -RRB- . The integration between the components of the suite is seamless and very easy to implement . The automatic updates keeps your software up and running with the latests releases ; and the portability of objects to Office and other Windows based programs results in optimizing my time . I use Corel for everything , from page layout -LRB- leaflets , magazines and newspapers -RRB- , to image editing , to pre-printing jobs.Taking in account the cost and the frendliness of the application I always wonder how people still buys Adobe.Just buy this and you wont regret it
 I 've used Graphics software for everything from brochures , catalogs , posters , flyers , mass mailings , and now highly technical scale drawings in archaeology . I have used ALL programs from Adobe , Macromedia , ACD Systems -LRB- Canvas 9 GIS + -RRB- , and Corel . In my opinion , Corel Graphics Suite 12 is the most advanced and stable suite of programs I 've used . Corel delivers on its promises . The filters that make it compatible with most important competitors actually work and work well . I purchased an educational version directly from Corel for $ 99 .
 I am very impressed with the improvements in CorelDraw 12 . I could n't be happier . I have always used CorelDraw for great black & white diagrams , but this version seems best of any . I was very impressed that I can ungroup , move around points and lines in the individual sections , and they will all remain selected while being moved , then go back to the original pick tool and regroup them again . So much easier ! I 'm still learning and finding improvements , but it looks cleaner and easier to use than ever before . If you can get your hands on a copy of this program , jump at the chance . The tendency to crash of version 11 is gone ! It 's going to be really fun .
 I 've used Corel since Version 8 . Version 12 is the best version of them all . Terrific workflow and great user interface . Simply great software . They 've really pulled the product up since the crash prone version 8 to 10 days .
 And I know it 's hard for Illustrator die hards to hear , but the new Corel is still easier/faster to use . The new linked symbols has been a real bonus too . After experiancing frustrating problems with Adobe Illustrater version 9 interfacing with other programs -LRB- even within it 's own suite -RRB- we have are now back to Corel 12 . The simple ability see selected text in different fonts in a flyout makes it worth it 's weight against Illustrator , never mind the ability to have multiple pages in one file . As for Photopaint versus Photoshop , we switch between the 2 for different effects so price is the only consideration for us on comparing those two . Ca n't comment on Rave , have n't played with it yet .
 i absolutely love corel , it is so much better than those adobe products . esp . since i am partialy colorblind , and corel tells me the names of the colors !!!! i have used corel for well over 10 years , and i really believe in supporting this wonderful product . i use it mainly for coloring illustraions for my comics and children 's books . i am also going to get corel painter 8 , i so glad they added it to their suite of software !!! i can not recommend this product enough !!!!
 I have been using CorelDraw since it first came out . This software has helped me create stunning results effortlessly . Also , CorelDraw 's layout and ease of use beats Adobe products hands-down ! I love CorelDraw and hope they stay in there as they have a `` winner '' of a product despite Adobe 's overly-touted , expensive and snobby software . Hang in there CorelDraw , you 're the very best ... I love your product ! Been a loyal fan of yours for years and years ...
 What a great suite of products . I have a new employee that I just started on Coreldraw 12 and within 2 weeks he is loving it ! I have used the product since version 1 and highly recommend it to someone who needs a easy to use and also a professional suite of products that will get anything from business cards to billboards done !
 CorelDraw 's Graphic Suites do the work of several graphic programs -LRB- both pixel and vector based -RRB- combined , and although they might not be as fancy asAdobe Photoshop CS4when combined withFreehand 11 Mac Ret Eng CD 1U -LSB- Old Version -RSB- and a host of add ons , they give you more than what most people -- even graphic professionals like myself -- would want at less than half the price.I 've been using CorelDraw for years , and for years my fellow digital artists have told me I need to `` upgrade '' to Adobe software . I studied computer graphics on Macs using Adobe programs at a digital-art school , but when I came home I practiced the same things using CorelDraw . There really was n't much of a difference , except that the Adobe interface was prettier but oddly a little less intuitive.All my friends pushed me to buy a Mac and get Adobe software . `` It 's the only thing artists use , '' they said . `` We just do n't use PCs . Macs are designed for creative people , and so is Adobe software . '' `` But Adobe programs cost more , and you have to buy several to do the same things as one CorelDraw Suite , '' I replied . `` Some things that come standard in CorelDraw require add-ons in PhotoShop or Freehand , and that means you have to pay even more . `` They pointed out deals for students . I could get Adobe software for about half the retail cost . That made sense for something I needed , but what I already had for less than half the price of one of those programs was already fulfilling my needs . Did I really need to spend that much more to be like everyone else?I talked to a friend who ran a graphics studio . The artists working under her all worked with Adobe programs ... and she would fix their mistakes in CorelDraw . Then I went to work at a newspaper , where I created illustrations on my PC using scanned images and CorelDraw 's Photo-Paint from the CorelDraw Graphics Suite . I exported my images in PNG format , and the layout artist had no problem putting them into pages in the software on his Mac . They looked fine in the newspaper when they were printed.So while Macs and Adobe might be the industry standard , you wo n't be left out in the cold if you save your money and choose not to join the crowd.Two last things :1 . As with all graphics programs , there is a learning curve . However , if you already know one kind well , like PhotoShop , it should n't be too hard to adjust to another , like Photo-Paint , which is a part of this suite .2 . CorelDraw tends to try new things with odd numbered releases , so the odd numbered ones tend to be a bit buggier than the even numbered ones . It 's usually best to wait for an even numbered suite before you buy .
 I am new in vector drawing . I 've tried Adobe illustrator first , I can not quite understand why I have to go through so much trouble to do simple things like draw a line . I decided to give coreldraw a try . Now I am hooked . Coreldraw shows that you can get into vector drawing and still keep your common sense . Coreldraw is so easy to use ! After a few months , I can do very sophisticated drawing now.By buying CorelPainter 8 and CorelDraw 12 Upgrade , I 've spend only a fraction of the cost of any Adobe product to get EVERYTHING I need for computer graphics at professional level . Adobe products maybe powerful , but compare to what I got from corel , they can not justify their unreasonable price tags . Also I think Adobe illustrator and photoshop have unnecessarily complicated and cumbersome interfaces , whoever designed them should be fired !
 If you ask what is the best illustrator software in the market , eight out of ten will say Adobe Illustrator . The answer is wrong . The best is CorelDRAW . Also there is a known fact that Corel Photo Paint is the only serious competitor of Adobe Photoshop . These two applications are included inside the Corel Graphic Suite box , amount other utilities as Bitstream Font Navigator to manage fonts , Corel TRACE , and Corel CAPTURE , Moreover is Corel RAVE with CorelDRAW interface and performance to create Flash files easily . On top of this box is a price tag than nobody can refuse.All these applications have been carefully bugs cleaned , and this version is the most stable and faster ever produced by Corel Corporation . Corel is known for offers several new tools in each new version , but this time they have been concentrated in cleaning and stabilizing these applications , and as a result they have come out with the best version ever.Last weekend four product managers form a world wide corporation asked me to design eighteen flyers for them . Thanks to Corel Graphic Suite 12 , I designed them in three days . These last two weeks I have been designing a catalog for a mayor auto distributor . Photo Paint helps to process almost three hundred photographs from negative film , and preprinted catalogs . Do I see crashes , the famous CARM , or slow down of these applications ? The answer is `` NOT . `` There are few excellent new tools , but there are not the most important parts in this new version . The most important facts that make this version the best ever are the changes Corel has made inside these applications engines to improve performance and compatibility with other popular applications , and a great deal of improvement in automatization thru Visual Basic for Applications , also full support of Open Type .
 With all due respect to the person who says that there 's nothing new in CorelDRAW 12 over even version 9 , what the heck are you using and what features?Just looking at my version 9 and my new version 12 , there are a bunch of things that make the difference for me : * Windows XP support * Symbols support * Enhanced snapping * CutOut tool for masking in Photopaint * Dynamic guides * Smart drawing tools * PDF enhancements * Export for Office * Preflighting engine * Color Management interface * Web image optimization * Faster Photopaint * RAVE animation * Image slicingMaybe you do n't think there 's much of a reason to upgrade , but I * LOVE * this new release
 CorelDraw 12 is the best bargain in graphics today . It is reliable and very easy to use . You do n't have to pay the hefty ransom Adobe demands for Photoshop and Illustrator because CorelDraw can do most of the things that Adobe does with far more flexible and easier-to-master interfaces . This is powerful , first-class software.For about 1/2 the price of either Photoshop OR Illustrator , you get get top notch bitmap AND vector editing . You also get a slew of good fonts , in both Type 1 and True Type formats , from a variety font vendors including Adobe , Agfa , and Bitstream . These fonts alone are worth the cost of the program.About the only area where you would need Illustrator instead of CorelDraw is in prepress production , where the Illustrator 's ability to open and modify almost any Postscript file is unsurpassed . However , this is also Illustrator 's main weakness in that it is so tightly coupled to the Postscript language that the drawing metaphors are very complex and hard to use for creating new art.With Coreldraw , you can create complex graphics with powerful , wonderfully interactive drawing tools , and a clean , easy-to-master interface.Photopaint is no poor stepchild to CorelDraw , especially since version 8 . It fully supports Adobe Photoshop layers , but Photopaint also supports a much more friendly object-oriented metaphor , where bitmaps can be stacked , aligned and rotated on each other just like vector objects in CorelDraw . Various filters and transparencies can be applied interactively to each object . This makes it much easier to experiment and often results in fewer trips to menus compared to photoshop.The import/export filters are just fine thank you . CorelDraw writes and reads a vast number of formats including Illustrator , Photoshop -LRB- . psd -RRB- , postcript , pdf , and CAD files with good accuracy . I do n't know what is wrong with . pdf support because CorelDraw makes excellent PDFs with plenty of control , over font embedding , converting font outlines to curves , bitmap downsampling options , and color conversion.As a programmer , I love the VBA macro languages used by both Photopaint and CorelDraw . I have used them to automate the creation of web interface elements.The commercial sign industry uses CorelDraw almost exclusively . If it was as terrible as the Mac/Adobe bigots would have you believe , you would think these vendors would have found some other program by now . It is n't , try the demo and see for yourself .
 Coreldraw 12 is great for one of two types of people : Expert users of Adobe products that want a legal version of a illustration and image editing program at a low price ... & Beginners/Graphics Enthusiasts who want a good suite of software that can do pretty much all they want inexpensively.I actually really like CorelDraw 12 - it reminds me so much of Freehand with bits & pieces of Illustrator thrown in . You can use it to make press-ready CMYK or Spot Color designs or digital PDF files . It 's a wonderful little drawing program ... and cheap!Photopaint is a bit tougher to like . Since I have been in love with Photoshop since 1998 , I ca n't ever adjust to a new image editing program . The idea of lenses and non-damaging filters is awesome but the little things of selecting / cropping / drawing / painting / etc. seem overly complicated , weak in effect or missing altogether . Plus , the Type tools and non-damaging effects are virtually non-existent . I really like PP but I can see where it needs a lot of work!Rave is also a neat little app that reminds me of Livemotion . I never quite figured out how to use it 100 % -LRB- I can whip something up in Flash super fast nowadays and back in 2002 I was Livemotion 's biggest fan ! -RRB- but with another release , it may be something to check out.This is a great bundle of software for people needing to do anything graphic design related but do n't want to spend $ 800 + to get the Adobe apps !
 I 've used them all
 Hi , I 've used CorelDraw on the PC since version 1 blew me away at a PC Expo . Since then I have upgraded at least every other version with the only regret being # 6 . To be fair though , that was the days of the 486 PC and I was asking a lot of the software.Bottom line , many of Draw 's standard features were long after appearing as `` major '' upgrades to Illustrator . CorelDraw always seems to be ahead of the curve not only feature wise but in ease of use . Even today editing nodes in Illustrator is much more awkward . There are many free resources , tutorials and help available as well as CDUG , one of the friendliest and genuinly helpful user groups around -LRB- no flames , newbys welcome -RRB- . Yes , keep Illustrator . I use it as my most expensive import / export filter.FWIW
 WOW ! It 's simply fantastic.I do n't give it 5 stars because I still think that -LRB- even though it 's much cheaper than Adobe Photoshop -RRB- $ 300 + is a lot of money for software.Nonetheless
 Alpha Zip is a great archiving program . It 's really easy to use , and it does and lot of file types like gzip , cab , and some other formats that are n't handled by WinZip.It makes self-extracting executable files too , which is a big thing for me . I paid a lot more to get this feature with PKZip.Really great product for the price ... you ca n't go wrong .
 It 's a lot less complicated than the usual ZIP tools - and easier for ` newbies ' to use .
 i liked the 3-d features . it also includes sample drawings that are helpful . in the end , i actually hired an architect for my project . but this was helpful to figure out what i wanted in my new home .
 Do n't take my word for it , I 'm biased . Check out the independent performance and price/performance figures at the Transaction Processing Council 's site , www.tpc.org . SQL Server 2000 Enterprise Edition simply blows the competition out of the water . For both performance and price , no other solution makes business or technical sense on the Windows platform . I 've used this product in production and development since the beta 1 release -LRB- that 's how stable it is , even then -RRB- back in mid-December 1999 , and I can only say that it is reliable , very , very fast , highly scalable and easy to administer . Plus , independent productivity assessments have shown it is 3-4 times faster to get something done in SQL Server than it 's nearest rival . That 's a lot of consultancy bills saved ! I 've been a Senior DBA/Software Project Manager for seven years now , and I 'd not even consider another relational database system now , because nothing gets even close . A mature product which gets better with every release.Recommended .
 The data mining is really cool for data warehousing . No one else has this stuff right now .
 Before I bought Spyware Doctor my computer was absurdly infested with spyware . There were pop up ads jumping up all over the place and as soon as I closed one , another would appear . My computer was almost unusable.It was a mess.Spyware Doctor got rid of them all.I have now set SD to automatically scan my system once a day . It has been almost one year since I installed this product and I have experienced only one infection . SD removed that infection the next time it ran . One of the reasons that re-infections are so infrequent is apparently due to `` On Guard '' . `` On Guard '' is the part of Spyware Doctor which prevents spyware from even being loaded onto your computer in the first place . It tracks suspicious activity and blocks unwanted interference with your computer before it starts . `` On Guard '' can actually disable programs that you , in fact , want to run . This happened to me . I use a system wide macro program that `` On Guard '' found to be suspicious and blocked . However , the program allows you configure `` On Guard '' to allow your computer to run what would otherwise look like a suspicious program . I did that and my macro program ran fine.Spyware Doctor also does a good job of blocking pop up windows in Internet Explorer , but it does not yet work with Firefox.Overall , I am very , very pleased with the product . The one problem that I have with SD is minor . When the product needs to update , it often causes your browser and / or your email client to freeze up . When that happens you have to reboot , run the update and then start your browser and email client again.Other than that , this software works great .
 Like most of the software reviewers on this site , I can only base my review of this product on my sole experience with it . So that is what you 'll get . Now given , I have a considerably high end computer so keep that in mind . All that aside , I 'll start my review.First things first ... I 'm convinced that Spyware Doctor is among the best of the best when it comes to Spyware/adware/ect removal . I 've used all the good ones for some time now . Ad-aware , Spysweer , Spybot , and even some lesser known programs such as Hijack This . I 've learned a lot about Spyware in the process . But I 'll skip the long end of it and get to the point . Chances are very good -LRB- 9/10 -RRB- that you have spyware on your computer . Whether you know it or not . Also , chances are that if your reading this , you want to get rid of it . Whether it be a pesky cookie tracker or a full blown trojan ... So allow me to give you the straight facts . There is no single anti-spyware program out there that will have you 100 % protected . I know . I know . You heard that Norton anti-vir/internet security is the best top dollar software you can get and there is no better protection . I say bull crap . Big name software companies like Symantec and Mcaffee are ALL talk . I have used norton and I can safely say it did me much more harm than good . -LRB- it uses up way too many system resources for one thing -RRB- I realize we ca n't all be computer wizzes . -LRB- which I know I certainly am not -RRB- But , spending 50 + dollars on something like Norton software is not a good investment.So now your probably wondering what IS a good investment . Since this review is about Spyware Doctor , I 'll start with it . You can get this software for half of what Norton costs and it 's 10 times more effective , I assure you . It 's faster and gets way more stuff detected . Not only does SD present it 's search finds in an easy to understand manor , but it 's also loaded with extra features like on-guard protection and quarantine . I can also say that it fins a lot more than most programs of it 's caliber.But , like I said earlier there is no single program that will completely rid you of spyware . That 's why your need to buy this download/buy two or more of the following : Webroot SpysweeperAd-aware SE personal -LRB- free -RRB- Spybot -LRB- free -RRB- yahoo anti-spy -LRB- free -RRB- I also recommend your scan with these once a week because well , spyware never sleeps and you should n't either .
 I build computers and I troubleshoot computers every day and this is the choice of spyware remover I tell people to get.If you got an older computer do n't try the active protection but any one with a computer that came with Xp pro should be fine . You have to have at least 256 + MB of ram the minimum I recommend is 512mb . But I have this works perfectly fine . No gliching no slow down . Other people that reviewed are not computer savvy to a point . Like they know how to use it but not properly . You never click on popup adds ! ads on pages and anything that says free in it will give you spyware . If you already got a lot a virus 's which the 2 negative reviews probably had the active scanner will of course slow down the computer . Ether there computer is to slow has to many programs starting up at once or already been infested with Viruses , spyware ... ect This spyware remover is one of the best but there are new spyware that comes out every day that you may get that this cant remove . but its the same thing with every program . Just update the program weekly , do a scan weekly and you should be ok .
 Last weekend , I was having a devilish time fixing a friend 's computer . I used these Spyware removal tools
 Just bought a new Dell because I was told my old one was running slow because of spyware corruption and doubling the memory on my old one would n't really speed it up -- so I wanted to protect the new computer from spyware and bought spyware doctor for $ 30 dollars . I ran it on my old machine and it removed 200 separate items -LRB- cookies , trojans , etc. -RRB- that my old spyware program never found . It catches new things daily on my new machine . And the speed of my operating system is great . So for $ 30 bucks , I think tbhis is a great investment not only to keep your machine running smoothly but to protect against identity theft .
 Here is a product from a company that is better known for their registry cleaning tool Registry Mechanic . Spyware Doctor does n't fall short . I know someone who had been using AdAware for quite sometime . The free Adaware is a good program but it is slow . On one computer where a search for anti-spyware was being made it would simply hang the PC when an attempt was made to minimize or close the application . Only a reboot would fix the problem . The free Spybot Search and Destroy is also a slow program . Both searching and fixing problems as well as for downloading updates can take time . However Spyware Doctor is n't . The program is zippy fast and constantly pops messages prompting you to take necessary action . As other reviewers have reported , it located spyware that both AdAware and Spybot had missed . Updates are automatically detected and are a breeze to download . If you are thinking of a better anti-spyware program or are thinking of making a switch from AdAware or Spybot Search and Destroy check out Spyware Doctor . It has a good -LRB- if not the best -RRB- rating on CNet.com .
 Purchased this based off the PC Magazine award and very happy . Spyware is one of those things that you just have to keep searching for a solution if one product does n't fix it , 95 % solution is not enough . After numerous free and one other paid products happy to find Spyware Doctor was enough that I did n't need to keep searching anymore . Only downside is that I still need to keep running another virus product , looking forward to being able to have solutions all from one company .
 Product works well but causes slight degrade in speed of opening web sites
 The reason I decided to purchase Spyware Doctor 2006 was because the backup CD Registry Cleaner -LSB- ... -RSB- . had cracked , may be due to age . Since I had liked this software a lot , I had tried to re-order a new one , but for one reason my online transaction failed to go through . So I came across Software Doctor at Amazon . For years I had heard rave reviews about this software . Nonetheless , I remained a fervent skeptic because of past false appraisals of various anti-virus and anti-spyware programs . However , I decided to give this product the benefit of the doubt , by purchasing Spyware Doctor 2006 , rather than Spyware Doctor 2007 -LRB- because I wanted to test how the older version was working -RRB- . After two weeks of usage , I am convinced that Spyware Doctor is a great product . It runs smoothly . even its slow scan is much faster than many fast scans of other anti-spyware products that I have used . In addition it is user-friendly with Symantec NAV 2005 -LRB- which I still use -RRB- as well as another anti-virus/spyware program SpyBouncer . This is in contrast with Webroot Spysweeper , which greedily tried to greedily monopolize the whole anti-virus/anti-spam scenario , resulting in the hogging of many bytes on my computer . I think Webroot Spysweeper is one of the worst anti-spyware/anti-virus spyware products ever made.At the moment , Spyware Doctor 2006 is working in great harmony with Symantec and SpyBouncer . In light of Spy Doctor 2006 's spectacular performance , I may later upgrade to Spy Doctor 2007 .
 Dose what it says it will . Works great and finds all the add ware and things you do n't want on your computer .
 Easy to install , glad I made the investment . Highly recommend
 The price is correct . It 's not $ 2000 . Note , it 's a processor license , not a server license .
 The cost of the processor license MSRP is $ 20,000.00 and it not only covers the processor , but also the computer the processor is in . You need one for each processor in the computer , and instead of using server license 's , processor license 's give you unlimited User and Device CAL 's I have a Quad Xeon with 4 processor license 's and I can connect an unlimmited number of user 's or devices http://www.microsoft.com/sql/howtobuy/faq.mspxIt's the way to go !
 This is a great product - but I think it retails for $ 2,000 not $ 20,000
 This is a good product overall and works well for me now that it is installed . -LRB- Perhaps it is just my `` clean Midwest accent '' . -RRB- The manual states that the software does not support G3 upgrade cards , but my PowerLogix card works fine with the software so far.Cons
 When I first purchased this and took a look at it before I let my four year old granddaughter view it -- to be honest I thought it looked uninspiring and rather boring for her . But what do I know ! She spent three hours on it the first day learning how to navigate through the various activities and books . I was amazed since she is a whirlwind of energy . Since then she views it daily and learns the letters and words and is beginning to pick them out of the hardcover books she has.In the end what matters is that she finds this edition of Reader Rabbit engaging and that she is learning from the activities and the interactive stories .
 My 2.5 year old son is really doing well using this Learn to Read series . He actually loves playing the games on the CD and it has given him exposure to phonics and letter-sound associations . He is doing great and it 's completely interactive . I highly recommend this CD . Excellent resource for teachers and parents .
 My son really enjoys this computer games . He can not get enough of it . And it teaches him how to use a computer as well as the other lessons that the games themselves teach you . Aweosome
 Bought this for daughter when she was 3 . Even now at age 4 she still plays this game . She loves the reading and interacting .
 I purchased this for my 3yr old at the time . He has enjoyed many hours playing with this product . He especially likes the matching/memory game as well as the songs . Also , there are a few other activities for when he gets a little older . Well worth the little money it was .
 I purchased this in April as a gift for my grand-daughter 's fifth birthday and she really enjoys playing with it . Her Mom , who has a teaching degree and is homeschooling her , says she likes the way the program is set up .
 My 5 year old son really loved this . There were tons of games for him to play and every time he `` earned '' a letter - he was so excited . A very encouraging game .
 Though , I got this product yesterday only and played with my Kid for 1 day , I just wanted to say how impressed I am with this . Put aside all those technical issues like It won ; t play without DVD in DVD player or bad Graphics , the learning techniques are incredible . I would definitely recommend this product .
 My son has a speech problem . And this game is so great for him . You have to read along with a books . I love the progress report that it give you . You can really see want they need to work on . He is also home schooled . So this give him a back from me teaching him . And it teach 's him computer skills . Would buy it again in a heart beat !!!!!!!!
 We got it for my 3 yr old daughter and she enjoys it . She likes doing alphabet & phonics ; part of it and also book reading.The cd is designed for xp but works fine for windows 7 so far . I recommend this for kids starting to learn alphabets , phonics and starting to read.The shipment was fast and arrived in good condition as described .
 My 4 year old kid enjoys it . Sometimes he is just clicking wildly until he gets the right answer , but if I take paper and cover the screen and ask him to think before he clicks , he does .
 THe programs were perfect for my daughter . The price I paid beats going out to the local stores or signing her up for a computer class .
 this was fun for my son to play but he needed a little help with it . i like how it reads to them also .
 My daughter really likes this program . She has enjoyed using it.The information has been very helpful in improving some her skills for school .
 The Reader Rabbit Learn to Read was a gift for Christmas this year to my granddaughters and her family and they love it .
 You have to leave the disk in the computer to play this , but it 's loads of fun and the kids learn to read .
 It started with the 30-day free trial that I downloaded for my 5-year old niece . I saw how much she loved this software . She would show me all her `` toys '' in her room , and all the games she was playing . After the 30 days ran out , I purchased a 30-day subscription . She 's been using this for 3 months and she still loves it.It 's not too entirely expensive either . I 'd rather be paying a small price than having my niece bombarded with advertisement .
 My son is almost 6 years old . For the past year I have been trying to teach him the sounds of all the alphabet letters , and to be able to recognize them when picked at random . He has ADHD , so needless to say , we did n't get too far . He has had this game for about a week and he already recognizes a few words . I think the game is really great because there are so many different activities , it really focuses on the phonics of each letter , it uses tons of examples , and has the child use the letters and words in different ways . I think it is a really great product . I think with a little assistance this is a great tool for helping a child learn to read .
 could not install in windows 7 , very sadI rated 4 stars , because I have no idea on how to rate it sense I could not install it
 My four year old loves this software program . It has a learning cd and a fun cd .
 We have about 5 other Reader Rabbit CD Roms and find that they are easy to use and entertaining . This one did not disappoint .
 We bought this for our kindergartner who is not interested in reading so we bought this game to try sparking his interest . So far have only played this a few times but so far so good . Seems to be a much better option than flash cards and pushing the books after a long day at school . He struggles with site words and this game is helping with those . Overall , would recommend definitely and good price .
 This product is more than we hoped for . It takes our 2 year old where he is and moves him ahead to deeper understanding through the games and activities that a facinating to him . He never seems to tire of it .
 I have to say the Reader Rabbit series alone has made my darling angel a reader , I sit with her , and do it with her . I do n't sit her by herself and expect her to get it all alone with a computer but if you show your enthusiasm and use these products I promise you unless your child has a learning disability , your child will read early and well ... excellent head start to school , in fact Kindergarten so far has been a moot point she is so far ahead of them .
 I have used this software with at least four of my grandchildren . They have fun with it . They all read excellently , even the youngest who is in kindergarten and can read chapter books .
 Purchased this for my nephews - 3 and 4 years old . There are SO many great activities that they could -LRB- and have ! -RRB- spend an entire day just `` playing their computer games . '' My brother -LRB- a single dad -RRB- gets a break every time he puts this `` game '' into the computer for the boys . For most activities , they work together and learn together . It 's been great fun to see them learning , see their skills improve , and hear the increase in their vocabularies !! We were a bit concerned about the `` leftie '' using the mouse for the first time . BUT - he had it down in under 5 minutes ! It was great !
 Love , love , love this ! I can set my 3.5 year old up with it and he can totally do it all by himself -LRB- with a trackball mouse -RRB-
 While this program is one that I have seen at a couple daycares in my area , on my home computer this program hangs and intermittently changes colors .
 This product was a tremendous help in teaching my child to read . Trying to use a book to teach my child to read lasted only a few minutes before he lost interest , whereas he wanted to get on the computer and `` play '' with this CD . Definitely made it a lot easier , as a parent , to help teach my kid to read .
 The two modes of use are great . There is the long term adventure to collect the letters and reveal the secret message as well as just play the games . Either way my granddaughter is making leaps and bounds in her ability to recognize new words .
 My girls have this in their pre K class and they love it.so I got it for my home computer . . they r learning from it as well
 liked . . corney . . but slow to introduce sight words which I see as a very good thing . Using with my advanced 2 year old !
 It took a little time to go through some of the activities at first , but once my 4yr old got used to it she is able to play game -LRB- mostly -RRB- by herself . She especially enjoys the part where you look in a picture for items that start with a certain letter.Although if you intend this to be a teaching tool you do need to play it with your child , since I found my daughter was just clicking though some lessons and not really trying to complete the objectives . Some parts of the game are very repetitive , and those were normally where she was clicking just to advance the story.I reinstalled Windows XP on an old computer from 2002 -LRB- 1.2 GHz , 256MB ram , 1MB video , 40GB HD , 16x CD -RRB- and this plays fine , although at times a little slow and some hesitation when loading between puzzles . I would recommend a bit faster setup , more RAM and discrete graphics would help a lot , but this should work fine on almost any computer from 2004 onwards .
 I love Reader Rabbit 's learning tools and my daughter would play with this all day if I allowed her too but because of her age she 's only allowed small increments at a time . Great for kids .
 Description : Design , Edit and Print you own calendar . With Calendar Creator 7.0 you now can put your whole family 's schedule on one easy-to-access spot . It 's also great in the office for making professional looking calendars with personalize entries that you add . Along with the organizational ability of the software it also creates an environment for your creativity . With over 3,500 images your calendar is sure to look professional . Published by Broderbund.HIGHLIGHTS : Choose from hundreds of styles and layoutsOver 3,000 quality clip art imagesOver 500 colorful photosCalendar Wizard for speedy resultsBuilt-in address book to link contacts with eventsSet reminder alarmsRequirements for WindowsWill support Windows 95/98/Me / XP and also tested on VistaPC
 Each time i did something on this new release of SQL Server within some first weeks i was saying two phrases
 Each time i did something on this new release of SQL Server within some first weeks i was saying two phrases
 The Standard Edition is a good tool A better deal is buying the MSDN Universal Edition . Its price is n't much higher and it includes SQL Server 2000 plus the latest release of Windows XP , Windows 2000 , all the . NET development tools , all of the servers , just about every Microsoft product that 's not a game . And each month Microsoft will send update discs that include new versions , service packs and beta versions.A really good choice if you are a developer . As an MCSE and MCDBA this is my tool of choice .
 The home screen is divided into three sections with icons representing Income , Accounts and Payees . All transactions are recorded using a combination of these icons which are easy to set up . Record keeping requires little effort and the system allows construction of budgets ; reports of expeditures against budgets , itemized expenditures by category and dozens of others . I have tried Money and Quicken and think this by far the easiest to use . It was originally developed by Computer Associates for Kiplinger Personal Finance .
 Simply Money is easier to use than Quicken or Microsoft Money . If you do n't want intergalactic , this is the program for you.Works fine on XP for me . Read the other reviews ; Simply Money is sold by Simply Media that has 40 or so titles . You can get tech support at simplymedia.com , under tech support . They have posted a free updated manual -LRB- searchable ; printable ; free -RRB- and a Quick Start Guide.The new version has both the Quick Start Guide and the Manual on the CD.So if you want to do checks and things like that , this is perfect . If you want intergalactic , do Quicken or MM .
 A simple journal program that is easy to understand and use . Only hitch is that will give you static if you do n't take the time exit properly each time you use it .
 WebAction is an incredible time saver , and has a great user interface with Internet Explorer.I never realized how much time I was spending typing in the same things over and over until I started using Webaction . Now I do n't have to use my tattered little cheat sheet of passwords and logins . Webaction also runs all my regular online reports and searches for me , and even checks eBay auctions . Anything I can do it can do faster .
 This software allows me to record and then play back work tasks I perform everyday on the web . I 'm using it to help manage our company 's website -LRB- downloading back up files and testing updates -RRB- . My wife started using it to log in to eBay and Amazon . She 's now using it to log in to her credit card statement online . She loves it and the title , `` Like a VCR for your Internet '' is her expression.What 's most impressive about this product is how easy it is to use . After using this product for about two weeks now , I am still excited about what the is product is able to do and am finding more uses for it both at work and outside of work.Nice options are available that let you set your security level and recording options.Highly recommended for ease of use and value .
 As an occupational therapist in the school setting , I have recommended this typing program to many teachers and families . It is easy to use , I love that it has a keyboard on the screen so that the learner does not have to ` cheat ' by looking down at his/her hands , and , most importantly , it 's fun . The graphics are not state-of-the art , but so far kids have n't seemed to mind . I have even had a couple of teachers use this program with large groups of students in their media class and reported that they loved it . Best of all , this program has helped many types of students learn to keyboard , including those with conditions such as ADHD , mild to moderate autism , and other types of mild to moderate cognitive impairments .
 Hello , I 'm StoryMaker . We got Snap ! Typing some years ago . One weird thing
 If you like the book , you will see the CD-ROM as the book brought to life . My 2 year old loves it and needs minimal help to use it . It is n't the flashy software that is out there these days and but there are several parts of it with the song ... Ray Charles and then another version . That is their favorite part . Or you can choose instruments to play along with the song -LRB- requires them to use the keyboard -RRB- , reads the story to them , and a silly sentence for each letter of the alphabet section . I also used this in my first grade classroom and the kids loved it . The song and the book-reading were their favorites . I also like that the CD-ROMS generally have lower system requirements , making it easy to set up in the playroom on our older computer .
 I 'm a huge Sibelius fan , so when they came out with educational software for young children , and when I saw a demo of this , I had to get a copy for my nephews , ages 7 and 3 . Both of them took to this program like I never expected they would . I got a call from my sister-in-law a few days after I delivered the software , and she was shocked , saying she could n't get the kids off of the computer ! -LRB- Finally ... something got them away from the X-Box ! -RRB- The greatest thing about this program is that it 's equal learning and fun . It teaches the basic musical concepts in ways I never thought of , but ways in which today 's technologically-savvy kids can relate and enjoy . I have to admit , I had WAY too much fun playing with it myself ! It 's sophisticated enough for adults to enjoy , but simple enough for kids to understand . I heard great things about this program on a television review ~ it was a first-place choice for children in a study of educational music software . Very cool , very fun , very educational . A great way to get your children started in music !!
 I am an elementary music teacher and our school bought the entire series of Groovy Music for our computer lab . My students have done so well with it and enjoyed it so much , I bought it for my 5 year old niece . It 's very user friendly and kids find it very entertaining . The Create portion of the software is awesome for beginning `` composers . '' I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to encourage the exploration of music in a 5-7 yr old they know .
 My son is loving this . He especially likes being rewarded with the bonus shapes every so often . Really well done . As a professional composer and user of Sibelius , I 'm very happy to recommend this product . It certainly saves me thinking of how to explain certain things .
 This is really way better than the excellent original . Vanna , I think is actually better looking in this one.I just received this as a gift , and my concern is that the recently released WOF 2003 -LRB- purchased last spring -RRB- is basically the same game . Well , at least if the 2500 puzzles are different.Comparing vol . 2 and ' 03 ; Some of the bonus prizes are different , and of course , Vanna now wears a red dress -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , really different is the opening sequence . Look quick , and you 'll see Pat and Vanna in a hot tub together . blink , you 'll miss it.Agree , it does play slightly slow , but not overly so.Atari , -LRB- or whom ever -RRB- should really try to upgrade there game to incorporate some of the features of the current TV show -LRB- one of our favorites -RRB- into the next CD ROM . Like the preliminary lightening rounds , and the selection of bonus prizes -LRB- spin the bonus wheel -- Cars , cash , upto $ 100 THOUowowow-SAND Dollars ! . Agree , who needs Pat Sajak anyway ? Vanna does the betterUpside
 I just got this and so far happy . . The only thing is I ca n't figure out how to do Black and white with color yet ? Also the price here is very high when you can get it at WalMart for $ 20 !!!
 Older Softwear but still a work horse . For the price a very good buy.Easy learning curve , and decent FX for the price . The manual is HUGEand alost unreadable , but the product is easy to learn by trial and error . . and fun !!
 This version has an excellent user interface and is easy to work with . The newer version 3.0 and 4.0 are NOT easy to work with .
 It was very dificult to use at first , I still have n't gotten to use all of its features , however for a quick banner or stanionary , or a quick photo edit , this software is excellent , I use Adobe photoshop at school , and this program gives me the oppurtunity to open a photoshop file on my computer
 I recently bought a photo printer , and I wanted software that is easy to use and that I could use to enhance/play with my pictures . If you want a program to go with a new digital camera or printer , buy this one . The red eye reduction works great , I love the borders and extra features , and my pictures come out looking like a million bucks.I tried using the Adobe Photo Elements software , but it was too complicated -LRB- unless you 're already a Digital Imaging or Adobe Photoshop pro -RRB- , and did n't have all the features I wanted -LRB- like the photo borders -RRB- . I think that the Adobe program is great if you 're a photography professional ; but if you 're a `` photo tinkerer '' like me , go with the Nova Photo Explosion -LRB- and its cheaper ! -RRB-
 Got Photo Explosion Deluxe just before Christmas , and it makes the whole digital photography process a delight . Finally . I 've tried lots of other programs . Some are clearly very powerful - Photoshop Elements , for example - but they 're way too much for what I need , impossible to navigate , really designed for professionals . Photo Explosion 's approach is entirely different . There 's lots of hand holding , it 's a step by step process , and you just ca n't go wrong . And there are lots of neat extras , like a morphing program and a montage program and a nice CD slide show maker . They 've just really thought it through , and while I 've got half a bookcase shelf full of other digital photo editors that have left me underwhelmed , the Nova folks do get it . With respect to rebates , I got mine - and fast . It had the company name on it , not the product name , so I scratched my head for a few minutes before I figured it out . I wonder if that was the problem some other people experienced . Anyway , no rebate problems with this one .
 I love this software so much I just ordered 2 more copies for my sister and mother-in-law ! It is so simple to use my 9 year old comfortably uses it ! Within the first few minutes she was editing photos and creating projects . This has been a great bonding tool for my daughter and I . This year she basically designed the family X-mas card herself !
 I paid $ 80.00 for this program and was not disappointed . Whether editing photos , video captures , or even clipart , this is an excellent choice !!! It was well worth the price I paid and have never experienced any glitches or bugs ...
 I am still learning this new software -- but it is so easy to learn ! Unlike most programs , Photo Explosion is so easy to navigate . I have just finished working with approximately 75 photos from my camera . The download was simple and the editing is so entertaining . I would highly recommend this for any artistically inclined amateurs who do n't want to spend a fortune on software .
 This software has done everything I have ever asked of it . It is powerful and easy to use . The slide shows it produces are always a big hit . I have enjoyed using this so much I got my mother in law one for her birthday .
 This was a perfect game for my 4 year old . Yes my 4 year old . Kids are so much smarter this day and age then when we were kids . Its is great just watching him show me how he wins at the games . Its a great game for young kids . No violence and just a great game for kids .
 I 'm running a Dell inspiron 6000 1.4 Ghz Processor with 512 MB RAM . The only time the program runs buggy is if I have 10 things going on at once . but that 's because I have way too much crap on my computer . I 've actually run this and Hip Hop 5 at the same time with no problems at all . All in all it 's a pretty good program . Not sure how the recording studio is as I 've never used it , but if you have Dance 5 and Techno 4 you can use those sounds in this program giving you a very good variety of sounds . The beat maker is pretty good , Hip Hop 5 's has better sounding drums , but I like my drums to sound more real than not . Too bad you ca n't use more than one drum track that you 've created in the groove maker without saving it as a wav . Unless I just have n't figured that part out yet . Check out myspace.com/thelostdivision the tracks on there were all made through Dance 6 with all of the samples from Techno 4 and Dance 5 .
 My 7 year old daughter does not like math so I got this game to make learning math more enjoyable . She said she likes the games . She likes winning points and getting pieces to rebuild the boat . I 'm happy because she 's learning to tell time , fractions , addition , subtraction etc. . About the long , silly cartoon at the beginning another customer complained about - my daughter just skips it by clicking anywhere on the computer screen when she does n't want to watch it . It takes her straight to the map where she can choose which game to play . She does n't have to watch the whole cartoon . Absolutely worth the price I paid for it .
 This is a great learning tool . My son enjoys playing this game , and is leaning math at the same time . What 's better than that ?
 Bought for my daughter . She has trouble with math and this is fun for her . It helps her enjoy math and makes learning fun .
 I got this game when my son was in 2nd grade and the adapt system works well as he was able to start at a lower level and work his way up . The CD got scratched and we have to replace it but I am writing the review because I see many saying that it does n't work on Windows , but you have to run it in compatibility mode and have Windows 7 -LRB- or vista if you 're still using it -RRB- run the program as Windows XPMy son is in 5th grade now and the skills he learned from this game are helping him in his classes now
 We love all the Schoolhouse Rock products.I have used them for years !! Math Rock ... ROCKS!Easy , fun , my kids want to learn with these .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 6 YEAR OLD EVEN THO HE IS ONLY IN 1RST GRADE BECAUSE I LOVE HOW IT TEACHES YOU ABOUT WORDS ! I USED TO OWN THIS WHEN I WAS A CHILD AND IT IS VERY HELPFUL ! :-RRB- THE SONGS ARE CATCHY !
 I bought this to give the kids a way to review grammar without adding another workbook to their day . The kids have enjoyed this cd-rom and have even played it in the evenings on their own . If the kids will choose this over a game ... Enough said ! :-RRB- This really takes the `` chore '' out of repitition . The games a good and simple but get the job done .
 I bought this to review basic grammar . It has fun and easy to use games . I highly recommend this to anyone wanting a fun way to teach basics of grammar .
 Love all the Schoolhouse Rocks products!Even I got a fun and easy to remember refresher course in Grammer.Kids LOVE them all !!
 I love the progam and my kids are learn so much . I would purcahse from them again .
 First off , this is a great package . If you know all the details and you just want to know what someone who has actually used it thinks , I love it , and I recommend it completely . But everyone has different needs , so Home Studio XL is n't the perfect package for everyone.If you 're a total novice and you want to get started learning how to make music on your computer , Home Studio is a good , powerful , diverse package . On the other hand , you will probably look at all the stuff on the screen when you open it for the first time and be absolutely stumped about how to get it to play music . There are some tutorials in the manual and online help that will get you started . Even better , there 's a full-featured downloadable demo from cakewalk.com -LRB- with save disabled -RRB- that will allow you to try before you buy . If you want to see what you 're getting into before you spend your money , try the demo.If you 're trying to figure out what you can do in Home Studio , it does just about everything you 're likely to need . Build music out of loops , record your own audio tracks , compose your own music , add effects to the tracks -- Home Studio does it . Both Home Studio and XL come with a good general-purpose software synthesizer -LRB- Virtual Sound Canvas -RRB- that can sound like a whole orchestra of good-quality instruments , and XL comes with the Dyad DXi sampler which allows you to play any sampled sounds in the SoundFont format . XL comes with a good starter library of SoundFonts , and there are literally thousands of SoundFonts available free on the internet . Home Studio also comes with a good library of effects -- reverb , chorus , EQ , delay , etc. -- and XL comes with some nice extras . For people who know their way around recording , the dynamics processing tools -LRB- compressor , limiter , etc. -RRB- will be really useful , and the SpectraFX channel processor allows you to add several different effects to a number of tracks -LRB- with individual settings for each track -RRB- without overloading your processor . The other nifty toy is the full version of AmpSim -LRB- the basic HomeStudio has AmpSim Lite -RRB- , which allows you to process your tracks through the sound of an overdriven -LRB- or fuzzy , or other effects -RRB- ampilfier . If you want to toughen up your tracks , AmpSim is a very nice tool . Both versions of Home Studio also come with DreamStation , a good basic analog-style synth where you can adjust the controls to create a good variety of synthesized sounds . You can also buy a wide variety of third-party synths and FX to plug into Home Studio using DXi.For me , the Dyad sampler alone justified the extra price , because I have a lot of SoundFonts , and I wanted to be able to create a more versatile array of sounds than a Sound Canvas can generate on its own -- custom drum kits , sounds of specific synthesizers , a different acoustic bass . Still , if the $ 50 is a deal-breaker , the basic Home Studio already comes with a terrific array of features . If you change your mind , you can always upgrade.If you are mostly looking at other budget software , it 's hard to go wrong with Home Studio . The looping features are at least as good as Acid , and they 're as easy to use . And it has all of the other features that give it a lot more power and versatility than Acid . There 's only two reasons I can think of to buy anything other than Home Studio
 After reading this review , I thought I would like to ask that person
 This works great . I am running a iBook G3 with OS X 10.2 . I have a Garmin eTrex GPS . I was really nervous about getting this because Garmin said they did n't know if it would work on Mac , but it works great . I transfered waypoints etc between my iBook and GPS without a problem . I bought the Keyspan Serial Adapter from Amazon to use because the Garmin cable was a serial , not USB . Love the product . Do n't be afraid to try with your GPS . I talked to National Geographic before I bought because I was n't sure it would work with a serial adapter , they were helpful and said they have n't had any trouble . They also recommended the Keyspan Adapter .
 I ca n't afford all the USGS maps on paper , let along track them down . And , it always happens that the place you need to see is at the edge of the map , thus you need to get two.Well , the solution is TOPO ! Map CD . Not only do you have the complete 7.5 ' series , but the 1:100,000 overlays and 1:250,000 to get you into the ball park , along with the National Geographic U.S. map at the top of the heap to make things easy.I 've got the California , Nevada and Utah maps and use it to research places I 've been and find new spots to explore . I carry them in my MacBook when I travel so I can find the places while I 'm on the road . Easier than the old roll of topos I used to carry and plenty of detail.Better yet is the searchable Gazetteer , allowing one to search for place names and then have them highlighted right there on the map . It saves lots of times in finding obscure locations you hear about from friends and on the news.Even if you only need even 3-4 topo maps , this program will more than pay for itself in the time you 'll save tracking them down and give you more info in the process.Highly recommended !
 Wonderful product , great price , and super easy to use on OSX 10.3 , 10.4 , 10.5 and 10.6 -LRB- with Classic installed manually , not available from Apple per se -RRB- . Loads of useful stuff , print and save PDF maps on single or large sheets of paper for use in my hiking with others -LRB- hand them out at the Trailhead -RRB- .
 This is a well thought out computer game for young kids . My daughter still tries to get friends to act out the game in the backyard . `` I 'm Katie Cadet , and you are going to be ... `` The games were easy for her to pick up . It helped her with counting and computer skills .
 Outstanding map in great detail of all of the various roads and points of interest for all of Oklahoma . Better than most other sources of information about Oklahoma .
 I own both the IMSI -LRB- FloorPlan 3D Version 5 -RRB- and Punch -LRB- Architect 4000 -RRB- software titles , and the following are my own conclusions . I have no vested interest in either manufacturer . I have a doctorate in Mechanical Engineering , and have taught interactive computer graphics , so I guess I am more than usually familiar with computers and design.I designed my previous home using the IMSI package , and after using it to capture the design , I passed it along to a draftsman to create drawings for the permitting process . I found that the package was easy to use -LRB- although a bit weird -RRB- , and that it generally worked great . When we moved in , the home was absolutely spectacular ! So , when we moved to another state to retire , we decided to repeat the process . Even though I still had the IMSI software -LRB- Version 5 -RRB- and it readily installed onto XP , I thought that surely there had been improvements . So , I took the time to find the `` best package out there '' . The reviews I read said that the Punch -LRB- Architect 4000 -RRB- package was rated best , had the most features , blah , blah , blah . So I bought it , in spite of paying approximately 3X what I would pay for the latest IMSI version of FloorPlan 3D . The manual is about an inch thick , but I started wading through , thinking that this was the learning cost of a really good package . The manual seemed reasonable and there are TONS of features -LRB- read complexity -RRB- , but when I actually tried to use the program , I could n't get anything done . Everything was hard to do . Then , and this was the killer for me , whenever I saved data , I could never read the file back in . I tried everything , and eventually thought that it was my fault , so I went back to my old IMSI package because I had a house to design.I quickly got up to speed because IMSI wins out hands down for its simple user interface . I struggled with both initially , but soon found that IMSI 's wall layout tool , while weird , was useable . It 's ease of use -LRB- tailorable wall heights , pushing even non-rectilinear wall segments around , changing wall thicknesses , immediate demonstration of dimensions and room square footage , changing wall and floor materials , colors , and texture , etc -RRB- allowed one to work pretty quickly . I was never able to use Punch 's layout editor efficiently . Ever ! Forget saving the data so you could work on a design again . Even just creating a simple layout was a huge struggle . Unless you knew the design beforehand , it was very difficult to lay out a floor plan interactively . This was what IMSI was good at . Even with a fully designed floorplan , I had trouble with the Punch program.IMSI was also the easiest in viewing your design in 3D . Again , the viewing tools were weird and somewhat non-intuitive , but eventually useful . Punch 's 3D viewer was totally useless , and I was never able to control the views , no matter what I did . And , `` Hey ! '' , I taught computer graphics.After spending many hours getting a complete design -LRB- from my working with IMSI -RRB- entered into a freshly-reloaded Punch , I again tried to save my work . When I went back to work on it some more , it was unreadable . The file was there , but there was some formatting error that made it unreadable . I was furious , but thankfully , I had the IMSI design captured . So , I had a decision - Waste more time trying to debug a program I had paid 3X more for than the IMSI FloorPlan 3D , or spend my time getting work done on my house plan . Actually , I downloaded a free upgrade to Version 5.1 and got busy . Now I am thinking of purchasing IMSI 's Version 11 as I am finalizing our house plan and like some of the new features and abilities of the new software.To be candid , neither software package was bug-free . IMSI occasionally does n't allow you to move a wall , but that is almost always because there is some constraint that is disallowing the modification . I found Punch to be even more restrictive . While I was able to export the IMSI design as a vrml file and e-MAIL it to my son to review , Punch had the greatest number of export file options . Too bad it always lost my saved designs . Neither package really creates beautiful 3D graphics , but IMSI 's simple renderings were adequate for previewing the design work . I also liked IMSI 's design methods using internal room dimensions . But , neither program made it clear how to proceed in starting a design from scratch . Nowhere did they tell you whether you could design the 2nd floor first , whether you had to layout the foundation beforehand -LRB- Punch -RRB- , etc.Finally , I should mention that I wanted to input site information for my lot , but that was too costly in terms of time . Interestingly , I downloaded Google 's free Sketchup software , imported my IMSI design -LRB- in dxf file format -RRB- , and was able to place it on the terrain using a Sketchup to Google Earth tool , and then interactively view it in 3D on my 10 acre lot using Google Earth . I found out that I have some serious grading and fill work to do on the build site .
 I have been using Floor Plan 3d since version 3 . I have tried all of the other software in its price class and I like this one the best . It takes some getting used to but once you know its quirks -LRB- read bugs -RRB- and find something to do while it is rendering -LRB- it can be really slow -RRB- it can be very useful . I have designed two major remodeling plans -LRB- over $ 300k each -RRB- with this software . The 3D capability allowed me to evision what I wanted . Then once I was finished with my plans , I gave them to my contractor and he converted them to true architectural drawings for permiting purposes.When I read through reviews of various hobby level architectural software packages , I often see comments that the software is too difficult to use . The nature of all architectural software is CAD which is not intuitive . If you really are serious about designing your house with one of the packages be prepared to spend a lot of time to get familiar with the software and the process in general . Even though the price of the software is low it is not a toy and anyone that thinks that he can pick this up and have professional plans in an hour is fooling himself.If you are serious about learning this stuff in my opinion IMSI has the best package at the low end of the price scale . If you want the best and do n't mind spending the money go with the top of the line Punch ! product . It has everthing that the IMSI software has and much more .
 Previously I used Microsoft Money 2000 and attempted to switch over to Money 2005 but what a nightmare !!!! I uninstalled Money 2005 and swore off money programs all together . However , I recently bought a PDA and wanted to use it to track my finances . I read the reviews and there are a few items that I would encourage you to look at if you are going to buy this product :1 . Is your bank on the list of 2000 + banks2 . Does your bank charge to download Quicken filesOne of my banks that I have savings in is not on the list but this is no big deal as it is a savings account that I do n't touch . And my primary bank does not charge to download Quicken files.If your good with this than this is an awesome program . Easy to use , well set up , only as many bells and whistles as you want to use but no so confusing that it negates it basic purpose . My faith has been restored in money programs.Furthermore , I also purchased the Pocket Quicken , which was just as easy to install and use . I highly recommend these programs .
 I upgraded from Quicken '99 because I was forced to when I bought a new computer -LRB- my '99 software came bundled with my old computer . -RRB- I was perfectly happy with the seven-year-old version , but I 've found a lot of impressive new features in version 2006 . The most exciting is the abilitly to scan a picture of a receipt or other document and attach it to a register transaction . I have n't had the time to learn all the new features , but it is user friendly enough to start using right out of the box if you are familiar with older Quicken versions . One feature I do miss is the QuickTabs that I 've used in Quicken '99 and 2001 . -LRB- I 've taught with 2001 in my high school finance class . -RRB- Importing my old data from version '99 was a piece of cake , too , even though it had to do an intermediate conversion .
 Quicken is a very easy product to use . It is a great accounting product . I highly recommend it .
 I have been using Quicken for 8 years and would use nothing else .
 I received my purchase on time with no problem . I have found ordering throught Amazon is the quickest and fastest way to make a purchase .
 I have not used all of the features of the program , but I am extremely pleased with the parts of the program I have used . I use the program to keep track of several accounts and find it very easy to use and it does everything that I want to keep track of . I have also subscribed to Quicken Online -LRB- that may not be the right title -RRB- so that I can both pay bills from Quicken -LRB- which is less important now than it was in the past since most bills can be paid automatically from a credit card , which I prefer -RRB- and download account information from my bank and from my credit card . I have not used any competing products as I am completely satisfied with this program .
 I just needed a home accounting program for my personal checking account . Quicken Basic 2006 had more features than I would have expected for the basic edition . It is very user friendly and integrated easily with my online banking information.I still have to learn all the ins and outs of the software , like how to avoid double entries and how to do scheduled transactions with differing amounts.It was more than worth the cost and has been of immeasurable help .
 I only use it for my checkbook procedures , so I do not know about all of its features ; hence the four stars . Installaton was smooth as the program easily incorpoprated my existing data from an earlier verson of Quicken . I liked the ease in backing up my data on a cd rather than a floppy .
 This is a great tool to assist you with money management . It 's easy to use and very easy to set-up .
 I 've used Quicken for years and I really love the functionality of it . I have found that through the years I do n't use all of the available fucntions but could if I wanted . I decided this time to just stick with the Basic version . Al in all a great product ... but I would expect no less .
 Am quite pleased with my purchase . As I received it very quickly I am back in business after losing my program earlier . Thanks Amazon !
 This new version is simple to transfer all your data and simple to use . Since it allows you to download more on-line bank transactions , there 's less typing .
 Great product . It has everything anyone could possible need to handle and keep track of their financial matters .
 I love the added control that quicken gives me to keep up to date , daily on my finacial status .
 It serves my needs and is a quality product like the previous editions .
 I upgraded to Quicken Deluxe 2006 recently . This is one of a kind ! Quick reports , tabulated or graphic formats give you instant picture of your spending , networth , and progress toward your goals . It can not get any easier to take responsibility of your finances and start investing for your future . I recommend this software to anyone serious about her finances . Even my 72 year old mother-in-law does all her banking on it !
 1-No way are you as intelligent as you thik you are2-Does your financial institution require CAPS on logon ... most do ... or they will change them to caps once you hit enter.Try your logon info in CAPS ... it works really . . Im running Quicken 2006 on XP as I type to you . . with full updates
 I was undecided as to which software I should go with because the reviews were both in question . Finally decided to go with Quicken as I also keep track of my sons finances who lives in another state . I am very pleased with the program as I have upgraded from 2000 Quicken Basic . The downloads are easy although I do not download anything except for stocks which I have a problem figuring out to do manually . Some stock places do not have downloads due to the small account I have so I have to do these manually but ca n't figure out so I just put it into a cash account and then go to overview and just move it into investments . Although this does not give you a summary of what is going up or down or gains or losses I can see what I have . The only problem I have is still trying to backup the information because with windows XP you need to back up to a CD into your CD burner program . Still working on trying to get this to work as I have always been used to backing up to a floppy even if I had to use 2 or more since I am not all that computer savey at 62 . I wish they would explain investments better and saving bond which are a bit baffeling . They should have a more detailed example of such things when shares are not give or amounts or vise versa . Otherwise , I am pleased with the program .
 I was forced to upgrade from Quicken 2003 by Intuit 's sunset policy . I ca n't say that I am happy about this . I found Quicken 2003 to work for me just fine . I will say that there are some noticable improvements in Quicken 2006 , but I expected even more for three years of development and my extra costs in upgrading .
 I was a die-hard Money user for many , many , years . I had n't used Quicken since the DOS days . Money 2006 finally pushed me over the edge . Quicken bloated ? Are you kidding me ? Money 2006 is far more bloated and taxes your system much heavier than Quicken . Quicken 2006 loaded twice as fast on my laptop than Money did.I had tested Money 2006 using their trial download product that will last until 12/31/05 . Upon opening Money , you have to sign in to your MSN account . How stupid is that ? Just start the freaking program already . Whatever Money was doing in the background , my Dell laptop could n't handle the fat . Using Money was very frustrating . So frustrating in fact , that I purchased Quickin knowing full well I would n't be able to take it back . Was I glad I did!Quicken loads in half the time . Updates are smooth and fast . Initial setting up was even easy , except for a small password issue . Quicken can not handle passwords of 30 character in length . I had several of my online accounts with these long passwords and Quicken would report that it was unable to log me in due to invalid username or password . So I had my bank on the phone and she could see everything I was doing . Then I changed my password to 20 characters and bingo ! Quicken was able to download . So keep your passwords under 30 characters.I also think it is much easier to navigate in Quicken -LRB- this from someone that has n't used it in years -RRB- . Quicken is also more intuitive with so many features . Some of the most handy are
 Intuit has added many great enhancements to the latest version of Quicken . With the ability to quickly see the status of a budget category quickly within an account is a time saver . This version also has better report creation and management . This version is well worth a look and anyone using an older version will do themselves well to upgrade .
 This was an update to previous versions that I have used . I think that Quicken has the best software for keeping track of personal finances . I would recommend it to everyone whether you are just starting to keep track or an experienced bookkeeper . It is easy to use and has help at every stage .
 Best software for personal recordkeeping.Easy to follow and Amazon price is the lowest you will find
 This product like all Intuit products is absolutely outstanding . I have been using Quicken for years and always buy the latest version as soon as it comes out . And as always , we always buy everything at Amazon .
 This is great software . I had the `` new user '' edition for a couple of years , then bought this . It is a lot different , but I 'm sure I will learn it like I learned the other .
 I upgraded from 2003 version and I must say that I 'm pleasantly surprised after reading all of the dismal reviews left by others here . The overall interface has n't changed much aside from aesthetics which give it a more up-to-date look and feel . I really like the changes made with transaction handling which is a tabbed and collapsible area at the bottom . The new reporting and attachment features are very slick . I also have ZERO problems downloading data from any of my financial institutions -LRB- Fidelity , ING , Chase , Compass ... -RRB- . And about the ads , they are Intuit-related , are a single line of text in the bottom corner , and have been in every single version of this software . Not a big deal.To sum up , 2006 Deluxe is a solid upgrade that I think most users will be pleased with .
 Generally very good as was my 2003 Deluxe . Not sure how to resolve conflict between my scheduled transactions and downloaded transactions . Bought 2006 because bill pay will no longer work without 2005 and a kit or 2006 . The same was true of `` Update '' from the bank . I DO NOT LIKE FORCED UPGRADES ! Hence the 4 stars . Was pleasantly surprised by $ 20 mail in rebate that I have just received .
 I was upgrading from Quicken 2002 . I tried unsuccessfully to upgrade to Quicken 05 last year . My stock accounts were corrupted terribly ; I reverted to the old product and returned the program . This time only one trasaction was incorrect . The sell transaction was there , but the stock had not been removed . I corrected this manually . There are other glitches . Some stocks in accounts do not show up when the portfolio of all accounts is shown , and some stock prices will not download in a general update , although they can be done individually . That said , the program is much easier to navigate than the 2002 program and has attractive interfaces .
 I liked the previous versions better . They were easier to use and understand . This version is hard to get the reports that I need and want . All in all , it 's OK but they should have left it alone .
 I have never used Quicken prior to ordering it and it is one of the most user friendly pieces of software I have ever used . I use it to track both business and personal expenses for the Financial Planners that I work for and it has really made my job must easier . The reports that I can generate also help the planners keep a handle on what areas they are spending money in while they are trying to build their practice . I would recommend Quicken to anyone that wants to gain a better understanding of how their money is spent .
 I have used this program for years and wanted to continue using it on my new computer . I do not use the internet for downloading my checks .
 i 've been using quicken for years , and it just keeps getting better . the program is very user friendly , and i especially appreciate the option to download information from my accounts with various financial institutions . this makes tracking my expenses so easy . when it 's tax time , i simply load the data file onto a flash drive and hand it to my accountant . he is quicken savvy and can run any reports he needs , saving him time and me money !
 Do n't let the review title fool you . I like the product and have used versions of it since the late 1980 's . It is the leading product and I would not recommend any other . My pet peeve is that the Retirement Planner refuses to believe the retirement date I give as input . Therefore , it does not compute ` growth ' and starts tapping my retirement savings ` Today ' . Support says it is a data driven error and they recommend useless things like rebuilding indices . My data file passes all tests but the retirement planner produces garbage for the past three releases I have used . -LRB- It worked a few years ago -RRB- . The second useless suggestion was to start with a ` fresh ' data file . I refuse to lose over 15 years of data to fix bad Quicken code . After reading other internet sources , I am not alone in having problems with the retirement planner . A sad failing in an otherwise excellent product .
 So far I have n't seen a drastic change between the 2005 and 2006 version of Quicken Deluxe , though I just installed it today . However , I have found two features new to the 2006 version that I love . One is the ability to click on a category assigned to a transacton and immediately get a report of all prior transactions recorded for it - a really nice feature that allows you to quickly see the payments that have been made , the dates and the amounts . The other feature is the ability to attach receipts and cancelled checks to transactions . I do a lot of payments and shopping online and this is a great way to keep up with the receipts . Sometimes it 's the small things that make a difference . While users of Quicken 2005 may not find it necessary to upgrade , users or prior versions may want to take a look at the 2006 models !
 I 've been a user of Quicken software for years , upgrading most every year . This year I upgraded from the 2005 version.There are a number of enhanced features new to this year . First , the reports feature has been improved substantially , making it much easier to customize the information desired . Second , there is now the ability to attach digital images of cancelled checks to their transactions in the register . While it takes a few moments to copy each check image then paste it to the transaction , it is a great feature . With an increasing number of Quicken users opting for electronic bill pay and debit cards , the number of checks written is becomingly relatively small , so the copying and pasting is not a hassle . Third , with each category entered for a transaction , there is a drop-down report of recent expenditures in that category . This feature is helpful on getting a better grasp on spending trends.I 've tried Microsoft Money trial versions , including MS Money 2006 . MS Money does n't come close to the versatility and reliability of Quicken . With Quicken 2006 , the best is now even better !
 I was a little worried in reading some of the reviews since we had n't up gradeded since our Quicken 98 . I did back up everything in case something terrible would happen . To my amazement it copied my files with out a bit of problem . Since we are using this now for my husband 's business it was a little tricky at first . The invoices are a disappointment though since you can not alter them to different columns or add columns to the invoices . Otherwise , the program is working just great and doing what I had hope it would do .
 I have been a long time user of quicken and MS Money but always seem to gravitate back to quicken . However I have not been very happy with 02 and 04 versions of quicken . They were buggy , ran slow , had issues with downloading data.The pin vaults were a complete disaster and the investment tracking tools were below what Money offers . However I got a deal on this version and I could n't pass it up . I figured if it was not any better than forget quicken and MS will get my nod.But boy how I am impressed . The flawless upgrade procedure was nice and even though quicken has added new features its ease of use still remains . The software is even more intuitive and most users will never need to use a manual.The biggest pros however are the speed increase in just about everything . The program loads quicker , downloads are fast , even transitioning through my multiple accounts is quick . Quicken has finally gotten quick again.One last comment on the hoopla between QIF and QDF . QIF files are older outdated ways of storing data . They cause the program to run slower and have needless information . QDF files are fast and efficient , I just wonder why so many people here are complaining about a much needed upgrade . This is akin to you complaining that your new computer does n't have a floppy drive . Come on folks get real I still have not found any financial institution -LRB- Bank , Credit Cards , Investment houses , etc -RRB- that does n't support the better file format.I highly endorse this upgrade !
 It 's interesting how people can see such a positive as a negative . The fact that Quicken no longer supports QIF is excellent because it 's going to force the remaining institutions that no longer support it , to provide the much easier to use Direct Connect or the less easy -LRB- but still preferable to QIF -RRB- Web Connect .
 I have updated from Quicken Premier 2005 . I am very please with the resoults , if I had known what was in this program I would have updated earlier . Quicken Premier H&B has many new ideas .
 I 'm a first time Quicken user . You need to know a few things if you are just getting started.First , this is financial software , and it is only as honest as you let it be.Secondly , read the manual . If this is your first time , you will need some basic accounting concepts in order to make this tool work for you.If you 're like me , you probably bought this to get your finances organized . I found that you have to invest up front , for several hours , your time , to get everything up and going . Use the features it offers , the way they intended it to be used , and you will find it quite easy.Using quicken will not solve money problems . It will help you find out where your problems really are and how to solve them yourself .
 I had a lot of hesitation in migrating my current version of Quicken 2003 Home and Business to Quicken 2006 Home and Business . You never know what can happen but my primary financial institution is making the switch and it is a required change for continuing to use their online services . I have to say that I was relieved that I have had no troubles with the upgrade and all of my existing online integrations with other financial institutions also continue to work as before .
 I have used several previous versions of Quicken , 98 Standard and 2000 and 2003 Home and Business . I thought 2003 was more style than substance , and 2006 simply continues that trend . Very little functionality has been added in the last few years , just prettier menus.Still , it works . I agree that the invoice formatting options are limited , but Intuit really wants you to use QuickBooks for that , anyway . As for the QIF file import problem , simply create an Asset account and call it `` QIF Import '' or whatever . Download the QIF file manually and import it to that account -LRB- allowed for an asset account -RRB- , then cut and paste the transactions into the proper account . You may even be able to set up the asset account for direct download . A pain , I know , but it beats entering the data by hand.At any rate , Quicken Premier Home & Business 2006 functions as well as the other recent versions . It just requires a little finesse to work around Intuit 's artificial , revenue generating obstructions .
 I needed to upgrade from Quicken 5 ; went to Quicken 10 and it was just too difficult to use . So I hunted for Quicken 6 as I understood the older versions . The product arrived before promised , was in perfect condition and I thank the seller for his prompt service . As a small business owner , I didnt ' need all the bells and whistles of the newest version .
 i have a small construction buissnes and it is just perfect for it easy to learn easy to enter information and to see it . im happy
 My previous financial software upgrades were from Quicken 99 to Quicken 2002 and then to Quicken 2004 Premier Home & Business only a few years ago . However this Quicken Premier H&B ; version 2006 upgrade was the easiest I have done so far . After putting the CD in the drive and clicking `` install '' it found the older 2004 version on my Windows XP system it told me that it needed to remove the older version . I said `` yes '' and it automatically removed the old and installed the new without any problems and then proceeded at my request to back up and convert my older data files . If you are familiar with Quicken Premier H&B ; 2004 or 2005 then you will be familiar with this Quicken 2006 interface because it looks and feels mostly the same . However at the same time everything in this newest version also seems much more refined since they seem to have fixed many little annoyances and yet added some clever features that make the experience of using the it even more easy to use . As your read about these differences on the Quicken web site or on the retail box I can tell you that you may not fully appreciate these improvements until you begin using the new version `` hands on '' . Even the online automatic download and account update features seems to run smoother and faster . Intuit has listened to many customer requests by adding things such as being able to attach a document image to your registry entries , the ability to expand to full screen mode by pressing F11 on the keyboard , the inclusion of more choices for your advanced reports , and the ability to export report data to a `` PDF '' or `` Microsoft Excel '' file format.For users of Quicken before version 2004 you will want to back up all your previous version 's data files onto a removable media or disk and make sure you have the original installation disks from your previous version since you will want to make sure that you like the newer 2004 through 2006 interface . Users of versions 2004 or earlier who rely on the QIF file format for your financial institution downloads should realize that QIF data files are no longer fully supported in this version -LRB- or in version 2005 -RRB- as working data files . This is an extremely important point to make so I will repeat once again that you absolutely need to make sure that you completely back up those data files on a removable CD , zip , floppies , etc. so that you could go back to your older Quicken if you really needed to later on . On a positive note Quicken version 2006 does however allow you to import and export your data as QIF data files but you will have to convert and keep those files in the newer `` QDF '' format before you can use them in this new version 2006 . For Quicken users who do not rely on the older QIF files you will appreciate the reliability and simplification of the newest Quicken file formats . Whether you use `` Web Connect '' or the more automated `` Direct Connect '' methods the newer file download format seems more secure , more automated , and more trouble free . Many download bugs that were prevalent in previous versions seem to have been fixed . I did have to do some manual editing for a few minor accounts where the online downloading feature had stopped working in version 2004 but after some simple online settings changes those same accounts were now suddenly working perfectly in version 2006 . PROS
 Electronic Arts Grand Slam Bridge is a terrific way to keep up your Bridge skills . Contrary to the first review , I have been enjoying it for years on XP . It could be a malfunction in that particular disc .
 My Dad had the original version of Grand Slam Bridge on an old computer that probably was equipped with either Windows 98 or XP . He thinks it is the best bridge game ever!Two years ago , I bought him a laptop that is equipped with Windows 7 , and we could not find an updated version of Grand Slam Bridge that would work with Windows 7 . He 's been in withdrawal ever since.Does anyone know if Grand Slam Bridge II works with Windows 7 ? If so , I will gladly buy it . My Dad is seriously ill , and this is one of the few pastimes he is still able to enjoy.Thanks,sconner6927@yahoo.com
 First lets not compare apples and oranges . I 've used Money since it first came out but I think Quicken is a much more comprehensive application . Heck -- they 've been around a lot longer than Money . There 's even a guide for it -- that more than I can say for Money . Unfortunately , the program is not for your casual user . For example , if you use the converter to convert money files , it can complicate/mess-up your categories in Quicken . Quicken comes with its own set of categories and the converter puts them on top of the existing ones creating confusion . In some cases it does n't even attach them to the correct category . That means you have to clean it up yourself . I know because I 've been working on it for the past two days and I 'm still not satified with the results . I even bought the 482 page guide to help me in the process . Each program has its pros and cons . Quicken has much better report/charts/graphs . That 's why I 'm trying to change over . If you 're just starting and do n't have a lot of historical information I would swap to Quicken . On the other hand , if you have a lot historical information -LRB- at least 4 + years -RRB- like loans , credit cards , etc. . I would n't make the switch . A lot of things can go wrong and you 'll spend hours trying to figure out what happened . Do n't buy this software if you 're not willing to spend hours trying to learn it .
 I 've been using Money 2002 since it came with my laptop . I decided to upgrade to Quicken 2006 Premier and it 's awesome . In typical microsoft fashion , I found Money to be quirky , hard to navigate and the general interface to be not pleasing.I have seen some people post complaints about switching from Money to Quicken , but I had no problems and switched 2 checking accounts , a savings account and a retirement account in 15 minutes . The only reason for me to keep money is for a record of old transactions.As good as this program is , do n't pay $ 80 . Google it and you can find it for less than $ 40 ; less than $ 30 if you do a little research .
 I was n't very happy at being forced from Quicken 2003 by the sunset provisions . But with the $ 30 rebate for Turbo Tax and Quicken purchased together I was able to get a good bottom line price for an upgrade to Quicken 2006 Premier . Now I 'm delighted with the asset allocation feature of Premier . As a believer in asset allocation of one 's investment portfolio I was finding it extremely difficult to mechanize in practice . A single mutual fund frequently includes several asset classes in various proportions . Quicken automatically looks this information up for you , along with all your individual stocks . In addition , Quicken allowed me to easily enter the asset class breakdown for my savings plan at work . Now I have a complete view of my investment allocations and can make appropriate adjustments going forward . As a DIY'er I do n't think I could have solved this problem by myself without resorting to the on-going expense of a financial planner . This upgrade was the best $ 30 I 've ever spent .
 So far , what I 've seen in the other reviews about Quicken is that they 've chosen the wrong edition or they want an `` it will do everything '' program . Never have the leading money managers been an all-encompassing product and I do n't think they represent themselves as such.First off , pick the version of Quicken that best meets your needs . I 've been using Quicken since it 's first release - before the Windows editions . Yes , it is more feature rich than Money and it has been for most of the releases published . Second , one of the reviews says there 's no way to deny specific items from recording into your register when you download and match up transactions . There is a `` Deny '' and I 've been using it.If you 're just starting out with financial management software , you might have to do some adjustments to the way you administer what you have been doing manually . But the payoff is great once you get everything organized and entered . I like the ability to run reports on different areas I 've spent money to help identify where I can cut expenses and not make the same mistakes again.Spend a few minutes thinking about your needs for managing your finances and find the version of Quicken that fits the best . There is no such program that does everything you could imagine , and Quicken has proven over time to be the number one personal finance manager .
 First , I 've used Quicken since the DOS days on my XT , so I 'm a longtime fan.Still , I have to wonder about this being the `` latest version '' . I 've just installed the 2006 Premier to upgrade from 2003 Premier , and the online update function is still grinding away over my broadband connection . It ran for the better part of the evening yesterday before failing with a checksum error on the download . The update is running again this morning . After an hour it 's 12 % complete.Intuit should at the very least break these updates into smaller pieces .
 It 's a great product , but I 'm not sure it really benefits anyone to upgrade to it from fairly recent versions .
 I recently upgraded to 2006 Premier from 2004 Premier . I am very happy with the new features and the as-usual ease of use . The budgeting tools that are available are sure to help anyone set up a budget that works . Quicken is one program that I honestly do n't mind shelling out money for . I keep track of all finances and investments using this program and the budgeting tools are going to help me save money in the end . Way better than MS Money .
 Great integration with my online investments and bank accounts . I really never liked Quicken or Money in the old days . I can not imagine being without this program .
 Product gave me enough advanced features to upgrade from my previous 2003 version and the -LSB- ... -RSB- upgrade rebate made my decision easy .
 I had used money for years . I had heard the stories about quicken and was scared to try it . I had been using money 2004 and was not happy , so I got the courage to try quicken 2006 . It is much easier to use than money . Unlike money , eveything on quicken is easy to get to and easy to use . And unlike money , you do not have to pay to use some of its services . I will be with quicken for a long time !
 Ok , enough with useless reviews . Yes , Quicken is a complex product - for those lacking common sense , do n't bother to use it . There 's that old saying , it 's not the tools - it 's the carpenter.Sorry , now the review . I have been using Quicken since 97 and use it to do EVERYTHING . I have n't written a check to pay a bill since about 98 when I started to use Quicken to pay bills . I use it for all my investments , credit cards , loans , budget , college savings , you name it . I was at release 03 till I finally purchased this upgrade -LRB- like others , I did n't see the need to buy each years release . Even for a power user , there was not enough changes or improvements to justify the cost . -RRB- I did n't have any problems converting to the newer format -LRB- from 03 -RRB- and the features since then seem to make the upgrade worth it . If you are using 03 , or earlier , and use Quicken to the extent that I do -LRB- for everything involving $ , investments , etc -RRB- you should consider this upgrade . I was n't sure if I would upgrade this year and after using it and seeing some of the newer features , I 'm satisfied with it.Now that I am at the most current release , I suspect it 'll be another 3 or 4 years before I write this review again after I decide once again to upgrade ...
 This is great -- much better than Money that I replaced as Money requires a password on the passport system and if you forget you get lost in the sponge of their system . Would recommend the upgrade to Premier as it has better features-investments etc and it is only $ 10 . It is a great program but of course it has a few guitches as they all do but this seems to be one of the best-at least that is what I feel until it mucks up .
 Just installed Quicken Premier 2006 last night , and so far I can say it was definitely worth the upgrade . I think Intuit did an excellent job of streamlining the reporting functions . Just much easier to navigate and figure out what data you want to view . The feature within the register of viewing payment summaries of different merchants and categories is also very nice.As I have not yet set up my investments -LRB- a project for this weekend -RRB- I can not accurately comment on this portion of the program.In summary , the overall functionality of the program is pretty much the same , so if you like your existing setup in Quicken then perhaps you do n't need to upgrade . But for me personally I 've always thought the interface in previous versions of Quicken was a little busy , and so this upgrade to what I consider to be a much cleaner , more streamlined interface was worth it for me.And by the way , I was able to find a full version of this product -LRB- CD only , no box or manual -RRB- online for $ 23 ... which was a bargain too good to pass up .
 I have been using the 2006 Premier purchased in late 2006 . As you might expect you must install the disk mushware and then register the product . Then you get to the `` update check '' where my dial-up must download for hours the latest edition available for what was paid for . I do not know the history of Intuit , but I think it is comparable to the biggies in that the proliferation of product is no reflection on the evolution of quality . I mean I 've trained my WIN95 machine to do things and would never dare to update fearing the demolition of the system.Quicken does some things very well . I have only one preferred stock in my portfolio so no problem . I could never set up a corporate bond in microsoft and Quicken maintains the tradition . You must sort of push the transactions along manually . Quicken has a `` Help '' . In addition , I purchased 2 books that allegedly fill the chasm of no support . Forget it . One book in its umpteenth edition apparently assumes the knowledge of the previous tomes . I think the umpteenth and one edition will review the currant updates and promises.Quicken is a great help for portfolio management and I know people using the accounting software for a long time . My biggest beef is the inability to print a list of translations . When monitoring an account over a year with hundreds of various transactions . looking at a few through a narrow window is nonsense . The list of accounts does not go away no matter what you want to do . When looking at my checking account transactions , I doubt that 5 % of the entire screen is work space for me . Like ` My Yahoo ' the company promos can not go away . Carefully consider that Yahoo is FREE .
 Easy to install , easy to use -LRB- as most Quicken products are -RRB- . Too expensive for a year old version . Limitations with running separate files on the same PC that I 'm still working on.Bottomline
 This product has been improved in a number of ways . One is improved reports . There are many other improvments which enable you to easily obtain information , e.g. , seeing the average payments of a bill by placing your mouse over an icon . This program gives you about all the information you can imagine regarding your money and investments .
 Quicken just keeps improving its product . The addition to attaching electronic checks and bills is a wonderful addition to the software . It can be a little bulky and time-consuming , but when you look at having everything about a transaction right at your fingertips , it 's well worth the time and effort.I have upgraded every year for the past 9 years , and I have never regretted upgrading . This year is no different . Well worth the money .
 I loved this product . It worked great on my G3 iBook . I used it with my Garmin GPS . The maps printed out excellent . Great for hunters , campers and anyone exploring outtdoors .
 Very good software . Provides excellent tool for managing personal finances .
 Of late I have been skipping years between Mac Quicken upgrades , and even doing that , find relatively little changed each time . Perhaps that is why Intuit is happy to force stragglers forward by restricting online banking features to recent releases -LRB- although as software developer myself , I do understand the support and maintenance arguments as well -RRB- . The 2006 release continues in this vein , but I do feel it was a worthwhile investment on its own merits.My credit union has paid the `` Mac tax '' Intuit requires in order for their online banking features to interoperate with Quicken , so I am lucky enough to be able to use them . And they work very well . The one-step-update and downloaded transaction windows look nicer and are more responsive compared to the 2004 version , and have some useful new features . For example , the downloaded transactions window 's dropdown menu for choosing an online account now provides a visual indication of which accounts contain new transactions . This saves a lot of time in conjunction with one-step updates.The new flexibility in scheduling calendar-based transactions is useful too . There were things -LRB- like my direct-deposit paychecks -RRB- which previously could n't automatically be assigned the right dates . Now they can , and it was easy to fix them.I 'm less impressed with the much hyped `` backup to . Mac '' feature , however . It 's perhaps helpful for people who lack a backup strategy for all their important documents -LRB- such as the Backup program which comes with . Mac -RRB- , but it pales by comparison with what it could and should be
 I have had a great time learning to use this product , but because it is such a comprehensive product it is a little much for beginners . But if you get the dumbies guide to go with it , it is totally do able ! And totally helpful !
 If you want to get your financial life in order Quicken for Mac 2006 is a great tool . Quicken for Mac 2006 appears to be even more convenient if you are comfortable going online using high-speed internet access to perform your financial transactions . I currently do not have high-speed internet access at home - a situation that is being corrected - so I am unable to review some of the timesaving internet features of Quicken for Mac 2006 . However , the features that I did work with performed well , and I would buy Quicken for Mac 2006 even without the high-speed internet access.I really appreciate instructions or user manuals that come with any tech items I buy . I readily admit I tend to neglect reading the manuals until I hit a snag , but at that point the manual finds a special place in my heart . So it was with some trepidation that I read the Quicken box and installed Quicken for Mac 2006 without a hard copy user manual sitting next to me . As this review was my first time ever dealing with Quicken , I quickly needed some information in order to begin organizing my financial life . I clicked on the `` Help '' menu and there were three options
 I 've been using -LRB- and beta-ed -RRB- Quicken 2006 for all my financial chores and it works well . I went from having a pile of financial account envelopes and being clueless as to what my stocks were worth to knowing to the penny what my overall financial picture is.Quicken is really a picture-painter ; it takes all the various info and organizes it in one place . It takes your checkbook , savings account and credit card and lets you track how expenses build and where the money is going.The central idea is a checkbook register ; you grab your transactions from the credit card company , categorize them -LRB- including for taxes -RRB- and add them to the file once a week to once a month.Like all picture painting , it takes a while to get a complete one
 This is a good program and I compare it to the Windows version . In general it is relatively easy to use but practice helps -LRB- intuition often fails -RRB- . I have not explored every capability but have all the common ones . I do not like the split process ; the Windows version -LRB- 2004 -RRB- is easier to adjust or cancel .
 I upgraded from Version 2003 for Mac . This does n't seem to be a significant upgrade and everything seems to work fine . The transactions download window is an improvement .
 I love this product ! Works well with my various financial institutions . I am able to track my spending and include other important personal information in the program . It is easy to use and is great for anyone that is just starting out on their own and wishes to plan for the future .
 I updated from Quicken 2003 -- felt it was about time . The R2 version came on CD . I was immediately sorry
 The program works fine and the delivery was very quick . I am pleased with the product and the service .
 We have been using Quicken since 1993 to track our personal income , expenses and investments . Currently using Quicken 2006 . The application is very stable -LRB- never had a crash -RRB- and free of bugs . Each revision has added many useful tools . The learning curve is not too steep but , as with any application that does a lot , one has to expect to acquire knowledge of its use . We highly recommend it .
 Although I have used Quicken since 1998 , I am in the habit of skipping the annual update routine until I see enough new features to make the purchase worthwhile ; thus , I did not get Q2005 , but have been impressed with the enhancements -LRB- especially the online improvements -RRB- over Q2004 . Q2006 installed and has run flawlessly on Tiger -LRB- 10.4.2 -RRB- ; the rebate and Amazon gift card were nice perks , too .
 I ca n't believe this Encyclopedia is so inexpensive . It is truly excellent . I bought this for my 4th grader and it has a ton of stuff to help students . There are tools to help with report writing , a `` How to study '' cd , `` sticky notes '' you can use to put notes into articles , an integrated dictionary ... Well , you can read the list of features in the product description.I really like that this encyclopedia is so easy to use . I like it much better than Encarta . The articles seem better , with more information than Encarta , too . The installation lets you copy the entire contents of disk 1 to hard drive -LRB- ~ 700mb -RRB- . After that , you only have to insert the second encyclopedia disk if you select something that requires it.The `` Surf the ages '' feature is pretty cool . You get a webpage of news from assorted dates in history . I think my son will have a lot of fun with this since he is a history buff . There is also a monthly info summary -LRB- ca n't remember the exact name -RRB- , but it gives you a single page with a lot of information relating to all kinds of stuff.My son is doing a report on Thomas Edison for school . I looked him up and got a timeline of his life , a lengthy article on him with all kinds of references to areas of science and technology he influenced.I then downloaded article updates off the web . There was one about recent Supreme Court rulings related to Affirmative Action . I followed that link , started reading the article and then followed another link into an entire history of african-americans . There is a wealth of information in this encyclopedia and it is very easy to access . If you have kids , this is the encyclopedia to buy . The ability to easily cross-reference topics and follow links to get more in-depth info on any topic is awesome .
 I really like this computer game because it uses parts-to-whole instruction - it introduces each chess piece separately with an interesting strategy game that teaches how it moves.Kids have to master the strategy games for each piece before they are given a chance to play with a full board.But more important than MY impressions are those of my kids - 6 and 8 , boy and girl , - who just LOVE this game and cheer each other on . I am thrilled to have them captivated by a `` thinking '' game . They have generalized their interest in chess to a real board too - they do not just play the game on the computer.Another note - while I personally enjoy the graphics , they are not sophisticated or realistic , but more like illustrations in a children 's book.Definitely worth the money .
 This program has a slightly forced story line , but that does n't get in the way of a wonderful multimedia learning experience . You do n't need to know anything about the game to start , but you will be able to play as a competent beginner by the end . A good chess program is built-in for kids to play , even after they 've completed all of the lessons . The mini-games -LRB- that teach principles of movement and tactics -RRB- are creative and fun . My daughters keep playing them , even after they learned how to play the proper game . I bought this for my 8 year old daughter , but the mini-games are fun enough that her 4 year old sister likes to play them ! The later lessons are good continuing and repeating tactics practice . Between the fun mini-games and later practices , this CD can has high replay even after completing all the sections.Works as it should on OS/X -LRB- not a bogus Windows port -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 product is well designed.my 4 and 6 year-old boys both love it , although it 's really better for ages 5,6,7 , and up.they play silly , fun games -LRB- involving smashing toilets or sumo wrestling , for example -RRB- that cleverly teach them basic chess moves and their consequences . i think they can also play ` real ' chess games , but my kids have n't tried out that part yet.i like the fact that it has quality music , graphics , and intelligent games without violence or characters with bad attitudes .
 I have two kids , 7 and 9 y.o. , they both loved the game and played it completely . The game helped them also learn chess in a very fun way . Worked great on Mac with OS X Leopard 10.6.2 . I buy a lot of educational software , and this is one of the best I 've seen so far , although it aims specifically on chess , it does it very well.I also recommend theNo Stress Chessfor kids to learn to play chess .
 This game is well designed , bright , colorful and attractive . It captured and continues to captivate its 7-year old user - he loves the game-like challenges and learns and hones the fundamentals of chess along the way , on his terms . The fairy-tale characters are likable and credible and guide the student nicely through the mazes of the fairy tale story and the real game of chess . They use proper and correct English . Most speak American , one speaks a highly cultured but pleasant and unstilted form of British . As students acquire skills the program rewards them with access to new games and with periodic promotions ; and as they accomplish specific tasks they are sometimes celebrated for them - complete with music and flowers . Kids just love challenges and positive feedback - and this program excels at both .
 It 's a great game . The kids are learning . And they love it ! We 've got all sorts of cousins and friends kids and everybody loves this games ! I think chess is great for helping kids see things a few steps ahead . So for a kid who may have trouble with planning or thinking sequentially I think chess could potentially really help . First you have to teach them to move the pieces around and accept the rules and this game is great for that . It definitely teaches strategy in a way kids can remember . It gives them words to describe strategies and act them out -LRB- on the board and in the yard ! -RRB- I specifically got this with an autistic kid in mind and it has been GREAT for him but everybody loves it ! I highly recommend the board game `` No Stress Chess '' as well . These two go great together . As I 'm telling the kids , the great thing about chess is that it is played and respected throughout the world so you will never want for a partner.Oh yes , and it runs great with no problems on the pentium Macbook with OS 10.5 . We will be buying the sequel very soon .
 I purchased Fritz and Chesster for my 7 year old son , hoping that he would get a break from Pokemon . Within a week , he was a chess fan ! And one morning , my 5 years old daughter who was watching my son practicing with sumo wrestlers the whole time , invited me for a chess match . She had all pieces set up correctly , and she proceeded to teach me how each piece moves ! Very accessible training tool .
 My sons -LRB- ages 9 and 5 -RRB- have loved this ! Some times they ask me to help , but mostly they have played on their own . Works on my Mac just fine !
 i was sent the wrong version -LRB- windows instead of mac -RRB- - but the box did say it was mac version . when i phoned customer service i was expecting the run-around . instead , i got a lady named `` jen '' -LRB- foreign accent -RRB- that was extremely helpful and polite !! she promptly requested another be sent , and that amazon check inside to make sure that it 's the correct version prior to shipping , and sent a return address label to my e-mail address so i would not have to pay for return shipping . i was rather on the fuming side prior to speaking to `` jen '' - so thankful that i received her on my customer service call !!
 The delivery was on time and the quality was as I was expecting , I also downloaded the application and used the included code to activate it .
 Do not be discouraged by the other fools ' reviews . XP does use product activation , but you do not have to worry about Bill Gates dropping down your chimney and invading your privacy . It is only a precaution to cut down on piracy -LRB- although there are still numerous ways around it -RRB- . I am currently running Windows XP Professional , and love it . It is true that Office XP is not that much different than 2000 , or 97 for that matter , but I would recommend it to somebody who does n't have Office at all.As for those people who think that Microsoft is an oppressive monopoly , why not use something else ? I also run RedHat Linux and BeOS , they are both extremely capable operating systems . RedHat is packaged with StarOffice which is a very robust office suite . The reason why you do n't choose non-Microsoft products is because , bottom line , they make the best software . Nothing comes close to the compatibility and functionality of the new Microsoft products . XP is just the beginning of more great products from Microsoft .
 The Applications in Office XP have some great new upgrades , but what really won it over for me were the new menus and the lack of the Office Asstant . YAY NO MORE PAPER CLIP : -RRB-
 I decided to give OfficeXP a short review , particularly because it deserves much better then an average 2.5 stars rating - as the previous reviewer said , the OfficeXP is the best office suite you can currently get . While this package is not a bargain , it beats any competition by the huge margin.I noticed improvements over the older versions of MS Office at several places - while the improvements may be minor to some people , the fact that the product runs without a glitch is enough for me to justify the purchase . Everything is very intuitive & straightforward , and without cumbersome handling and abundant variety of errors encountered in non-MS products.If you want to get frustrated , do everything twice as long with numerous glitches appearing usually at the least convenient moments -LRB- like when you need to have something urgently done , save your work to the file , etc. -RRB- , get free Open Office or pay moderate fee for Star Office 6.0 ; if you want to work fast and effortlessly since the first minute following the ultra-smooth installation , do yourself a favor and purchase OfficeXP ; if you 're not in a hurry , you may want to wait for Office 2003 , which should be out soon . -LRB- Note
 I recently purchased the above item from `` Fun2sell '' using Amazon.com.I was most impressed not only with the product but the integrity of the seller , Patrick.The product was excellent , the service fast , the seller professional and courteous.I would not hesitate to use your service again.Thank you.Sincerely , Diane Smith
 There is no other product which compares to the Microsoft Office suite . `` Microsoft Office XP Standard '' is the place to to get started . And it is the place you 'll probably stay.You do need Word and Excel , and occassionally , PowerPoint . Learn basic word processing and spreadsheet usage . Shine in meetings with PowerPoint.It lacks Access , but most people do n't need the database strength of it , and will survive nicely with just Excel.For e-mailing documents and files to coworkers , you can be confident they 'll easily open Office files ... there is a good chance they use it themselves.Outlook is one of those highly underrated , but enormously useful applications to help you organize your contacts , schedule and tasks easily . You can use it as an e-mail reader as well , though that feature has been vulnerable to viruses.Word is a huge program which can do far more than you 'll need , but it will allow you versaility and simplicity that WordPerfect has yet to pull off.Excel is a basic spreadsheet with incredible math functionality . I do n't need most of the math tools , other than minor budgets and such . I find it handy for tracking my poetry submissions ; I can see which magazine I sent which piece to when , and how and when they replied.PowerPoint makes those cool slideshows with the text that can be animated on the screen . With the templates , you can look good without requiring a graphic design degree.I fully recommend `` Microsoft Office XP Standard . '' It is the business and home office standard . You need it , it is easy to learn , and the price is right.Anthony Trendl
 I was so happy to find this old version of Micro Soft since my computer is older . It is perfect because I use it for preparing my taxes for our Accountant .
 I am compelled the write this review only because so many have been so cold . I have used Lotus , Word Perfect and Office XP . I can honestly say that Microsoft offers a superior product . Without getting into boring details , it is fair to say that no office suite offers greater acceptability and versatility than Office XP . It is the standard by which all other office suites are judged . There can be no question about this.Many will criticize XP Office for not being as good a value as their competitors . To this comment , I reply , that you get what you pay for in any office suite . Like it or not , Microsoft is king.XP has some cool new features . The `` detect and repair '' feature creates a mini-restore program within XP Office . The variable Office Assistant makes Clippy vacant or replaced by a new face . Mostly , I like the improved integration between Outlook , Word and Excel . Then again , I just use the program . Hey , is ` nt that the point.If I still had 2000 , I might wait for Office XML to be released later this year . Then again , I have been using XP for over a year now and have no regrets . Yeah , I 'll probably upgrade again and pay some ridiculous upgrade price when XML is released . I guess I just like using the best office suite available .
 When I saw the cost of this , my jaw dropped . I did n't think it would cost so much for Word , PowerPoint , FrontPage and Excel.I went to the university bookstore at my school to see if I could get any kind of discount on it . Thank goodness Indiana University has a contract with Microsoft!About the program now that I 've complained about the cost enough ... WORDThis is the program I use the most because for being a word processing program , it is very versatile . I can write term papers and what not with it , but I can also credit news letters complete with graphics . I have also used it to create invoices with neat graphics.FRONTPAGEI know HTML -LRB- one of the languages webpage makers write webpages in -RRB- , so I pretty much only use this program when I 'm trying out something new , like frams . I have also used it to figure out HTML codes for colors , frames , and tables . I had a college instructor who used it to do her entire webpage and it looked pretty good.EXCELI used Excel to keep track of the money I was spending on gas for 6 months , how many miles I was traveling , where I was traveling , and the cost of gas . I know it sounds like of nerdy , but it really helped me save some money on gas , knowing exactly where to stop when I was on a trip . I also has how many miles I was putting on my car in that 6 months -LRB- 10,000 + miles -RRB- , which explained the wear and tear.POWERPOINTI am just beginning to learn this . I did n't realize what a valuable program PowerPoint was until people in some of my college classes gave presentations with it . Man , my poster board presentation was nothing compared to theirs . It is actually a pretty easy program to learn , but the ` little extras ' like the animation and extra graphics can take a bit of time.OUTLOOKI use this program to check my school e-mail because I have AOL at home . I like not having to go to the university 's website , navigating my way to the mail page , signing it , and going through at least one more link , just to get to my e-mail . This program goes straight to my mailbox with no links , no navigating.ACCESSWhen I tried to use access to create a database of my CDs , I had a lot of problems . It is probably the only program in this software suite that I think is a total waste of disc space . I have had to use it before , but for me , I can just use Excel to make lists , it is much easier to use.I am really glad that I have Microsoft Office . It has made school a lot easier . I can e-mail documents to my school account , download them , and know they will work with the school software . That saves me from having to reformat the assignment whenever I want to work on it at school .
 Microsoft Office XP Standard offers four essential tools that allows the user to create professional looking documents , resumes , letters etc. . It also has powerful tools for mail merge , document recovery -LRB- so if a blue screen attack happens it will recover your document -RRB- . It also has a speech recoginition technology , which you have to train before you can actually start telling it what to do . Microsoft Excel , is a very essential program that makes adding up and analyzing numbers very easy , you are able to create chart 's with your numbers for formal presentation . Microsoft Excel has become like a industry standard spreadsheet program so that at least should make you think about buying this suite . It also contains features for publishing your data on the web . Microsoft Outlook is a great e-mail program or PIM that has everything in one place , you are able to have multiple accounts without having to sign in multiple times separately into different e-mail services , Outlooks scheduling features are truly amazing when it comes to organizing your life . Microsoft PowerPoint is a great program for creating presentations , with its fantastic effects , PowerPoint 2002 , especially is worth the buy , you will have a lot of fun with this product alone ! Over all the new features in Office XP it self will make it a great buy for first time users , things such as task pane which allows users to work more faster . It would have been nice to add Microsoft Access , which is a great database program but , you have to look to the Professional edition of Office XP for that program . If the price of the program scares you and you do n't have the money and only want essential tools look to Microsoft Works Suite 2002 , a great set of integrated tools , which offers the complete version of Microsoft Word and a spreadsheet , database etc at a -LSB- lowe -RSB- price , ... check out the review !
 i strongly disliked the interface and the total re work of office 2007 . i guess when u have an old comfortable pair of shoes ... thats why i sought out this xp version . less complicated
 This is a very exciting game but very hard to win . I have n't won yet but so far it has been very enjoyable . Youhave 3 worlds , Lego Island , Castle Island , and Adventure Island . Do n't give the Brickster pizza , or he 'll get out !
 My Son -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- and I really got into this game . This had a lot of places to see and after a while , he got a sense where things were spatically . I did have to play a few of the levels at first but then he was willing to try it and copy what I did.It does take a while to load but you do n't switch a lot of areas after you get past the first set of puzzles -LRB- which lets you off the island into a new area -RRB- . You end up in a Knight 's Kingdom world , Johnny Thunder character in a Lost World Jungle/Dinosaur place and finally a short jaunt into space.I wish there was a Island 3 . BTW , Island 1 is terrible ...
 I really enjoyed the game `` Lego Island Two '' . I bought the first game about a year ago and have waited patiently for this to come out . My wait was not in vain . The joust with the Dark Knight was difficult , but I beat him and enjoyed doing so . I think this is an excellent game with good graphics . It was worth the wait .
 I have the normal Lego Island , and if you have captured the brickster once or twice on that computer game , this should be the cd for you . The characters look TOTALLY different on Lego Island 2 compared to Lego Island . If you are a cd-maniac , this is your kind of cd .
 If you 've played Lego Island 1 and liked it wait till ' you play this one ! Interact with 56 Lego Island citizens and deliver pizza too.Extremely good graphics -LRB- though somtimes slow -RRB- and great gameplay!Also , this game takes up 650 MB of disk space so be sure to have some extra space on your hard drive.A very good game !
 This game has much better graphics and you have more freedom of movement than the original , but as for the gameplay , it is not something you want to play over and over again . While in the game , you have an objective at any given time , and whenever you talk to someone , they tell you your objective and point towards it . In other words , you really have to complete the objective unless you just want to go swimming or something . The freedoms and graphics may have not been that great in the original LEGO Island , but the gameplay is much better , and you can choose what missions you want to do when you feel like doing them . If you can , rent it or something and beat it in the 2 days it took me and then give it back , since I dont think it was worth the $ ... i paid for it .
 It 's Graphics Are Awe some The Game Play Is Great Its the best .
 This game is one of the best lego games yet ! It 's so fun even if you 're not in a mission . The graphics rock although the loading is a bit slow but it 's worth it ! But when I bought my game , one level was messed up and I needed to buy another one . I would 've gave it a 5 but it did n't work . Overall , it 's still fun !
 I was a bit skeptical on buying Lego Island 2 . The screenshots of the game did n't looked too thrilling . After many months of deciding , and with not much good PC games out in the market these days , I bought Lego Island 2 out of pure boredom and curiousity . Since then , I have not regret my decision to do so . It was PURE FUN.I have never played any Lego PC games before . and let me say this , on my computer , Lego Island 2 looked fantastic . For fans of Lego blocks planning to buy this game , you wo n't be disappointed . Every single object in the game looks and sounds like the actual plastic blocks.In Lego Island 2 , you play as the skateboarding pizza delivery boy , Pepper . Armed with his trusty skateboard , he has to save Lego Island from deconstruction caused by the evil Brickster who stole the magical Constructopedia . Along the way , you will get to travel to Knight 's Island , Adventure Island and Ogel , in order to rescue Lego Island . Many cut scenes will tell the story -LRB- which is your typical kiddy corny story , and to be honest , the cut scenes are some of the best I 've ever seen.Exploration is vast and fun . For any adventure gamers or youngsters who like exploring , Lego Island 2 is like a giant chocolate dessert for you . Vast areas to explore and with vehicles such as the glider , a petrodactyl , police car , a kinght 's horse , a bi plane -LRB- the list goes on and on and on ... -RRB- , makes exploring Lego Island , and the places to come , a pure joy . By hitting the ` Enter ' key , players can customize , to their own liking , the vehicles or any plant or decoration in the game.Lego Island 2 is filled with ` Sub-Quest ' . From fishing to parachuting and racing to fancy skateboarding , every ` Sub-Quest ' presented in the game is highly enjoyable to play.Lego Island 2 boost up to over 56 characters to interact with , and let 's say these characters are very helpful ! No walkthrough is needed for this games as by talking to the characters twice , the characters will POINTS you in the correct direction . A first I 've since in Action/Adventure games.However , a game like this does not come without flaws . Sometimes , especially in SOME ` Sub-Quest ' games , the controls are highly frustrating and to make matters worse , the quest itself is very challenging . An example from the game is where the player has to joust with another knight . The player has to continously hit the ` left '' right ' button at the same time , which is very difficult , quickily in order to win the quest . It took any tries to win the quest and after that , my fingers ached.Overall , Lego Island 2 is like a virtual carnival . There are lots of rides and games to play with and for those of you who think Lego Island 2 is another boring kiddy game , think again . My 21-year Old cousin who is a fan of sports games and like me , is skeptical of this game at first , is now already addicted to this game.A great present to anyone who just wants to have fun !
 My friends really like this game . You are living on an island and there 's a bad guy named the Brickster he makes robots come and you have to shoot them with pizzas and explore the island to find missing pages from the instructopedia.You have to travel to the desert , jungle , castles and space to stop the Brickster . And there are a lot of sub-games to play.I like the sub-games the most .
 We saw this game at the Legoland in San Diego and my son really liked it a lot . So next I ` needed ' to buy a copy for him.Nice game - no violence !!!
 Adventure continue as you try to serve pizza , drive cars , helicoptors , drive boats and so much more . More adventure than before .
 Microsoft Publisher 2002 contains new features for users such as the Microsoft Office Word-Art , which I think is a plus . It was so difficult in previous versions of Publisher to insert Text Art so that 's one major benefit from the program . It has the familiar Task Pane which makes integration across all the Office -LRB- XP -RRB- applications work seamlessly . You get ton 's Clip Art that are very unique so that Publications can look different and fancy . You also get more design templates for better variety and individuality in your publications , so that 's another added bonus . It 's cheaper than most high-end desk top publishers such as PageMaker or Quark Xpress . So if you are a person who does simple projects such as creating Post Cards , News Letters Publisher I think will come in very handy for those types of Projects . ... I think Microsoft Publisher is worth the buy . And it 's better for first users of desktop publishing . Some experienced users might experience some problems with publications created in previous versions of Publisher but , it 's not a major problem . Older files do convert thou , you just have remember if you are going to save a file as a previous version , you have to select file type . One of the main things is that it get 's the job done and thats what we all want to do , right !
 Publisher 2002 is a pretty good product . I have n't had any of the prolems that some other people have had.It runs great on my machine never crashed once . It has some really good templates from menus to flyers to paper airplanes . and it is pretty simple to use once to get a little used to it . But stay away from the bundle with the photo editior included because the photo editior has almost no functionality
 While most people will tell you that Microsoft bit the big one on their latest release of productivity programs -LRB- the Office XP suite -RRB- , I personally feel that they 've done ok . While the 2002 series does n't differ too much from its predecessors , Publisher includes , what I think to be , a very important feature . Stability . There is not a sole on this earth that can deny the reliablity and stability of XP . Whether we talk about Windows XP , Office XP , or Microsoft ANYTHING 2002 ; I dare you to try to make if crash . Good luck . For those of you in corporations , ask your employees what the most irritating part of their day is . You 'll undoubtedly get the response , `` When my tools crash . '' While Microsoft might have changed minor settings in Publisher to make it slightly annoying for the few , you ca n't go wrong with the increased reliablity of the product . So suck it up , shut up , and enjoy it .
 As much as I hate to admit that Microsoft has done a good job , I have to on this one . The improved interface makes it so much easier to use . Users of old versions of Publisher will be pleasantly surprised that this one is definitely worth the money for the upgrade . If you have never used a desktop publishing program before , check this one out , you will not be disappointed ! I am running an entire small printing business from this program alone ! The only reason I have n't given 5 stars is because I still want to be able to create text boxes in shapes -LRB- round , triangle , etc -RRB- instead of square and rectangle .
 This product was very price-worthy , was easy to install , and has performed perfectly since I bought it . It is doing exactly what I hoped , and more . The product itself was in excellent condition .
 I always thought that Publisher 2000 was easy to use . This upgrade is even easier . Even someone who has never used Publisher before can make outstanding postcards , flyers , newsletters , and publications . What a EXCELLENT Product !
 The Publisher 2002 software is very easy to use . You just put in your info and then it does the rest for you .
 THIS IS A GOOD PRODUCT . I HAVE PUBLISHER 2000 AND I LIKE TO ADDED FEATURES AND THE NEW TEMPLETES . REALY WORTH THE MONEY ! MICROSOFT HAS DONE IT AGAIN WITH REALLY GREAT FEATURES AND VALUE .
 Okay , so I admit that Microsoft Publisher 2002 is an outstanding program but there 's not that much wrong with it . It does n't deserve to get one or two star reviews becuause it is a lot better than that . I use Microsoft Publisher 2002 quite a lot . For an English project we had to make a magazine , and I did most of the stuff on that . It is easy to use and great for a lot of things . The templates are good but I prefer to make my own . This comes with a lot of computers but if yours does n't have it it is still worth it to buy it if you have the money . It is not essential but it 's a pretty good product to have and it can be useful for a lot of things . There are very few things that I am not happy about with Microsoft Publisher 2002 . A good buy , but not a must-have .
 MS Publisher 2002 is a big improvement over it 's previous versions . I like the fact that you can drag any of the tools that you use a lot free of the toolbar . The trick is finding them but they are all there . The addition of the print preview option is a big help especially when printing business cards and other card for that matter . The one problem with it is that it has a devil of a time using MS Word to edit your work in . Granted it could be that it works better with Office XP then Office 2000 but I for one do n't need a lot of the new stuff MS added to XP
 I 've used almost every version of MS FrontPage . It is simply the easiest to learn and use . I 've tried various packages , but none have the features I need . I have numerous websites , one of which is close to 150 pages , and I love using FrontPage . The includes , photo galleries , and other features make this worthwhile .
 This is a great product by Microsoft . I must say it 's not worth the 159.99 upgrade from Fronpage 2000 , if you own a previous version.You can add in animated buttons , animation , loads of cool things to spice up your images , and loads more . More than 50 amazing theme backgrounds and 12 awesome templates . Make a custom threaded -LRB- or non threaded , your choice -RRB- in less than 3 minutes!Other reviewers who claim Frontpage is bad because it needs server extensions just have n't explored the world wide web . Go to microsoft.com and download a free web server . Then just download the server extensions for that server , also from microsoft.com . Not too hard , is it?Remember NO editors out there can be used without ANY computer experience . You should know some basic HTML , then your prayers are answered.I used to use Shami 's HTML-kit , but you had to write all the code yourself . Macromedia Homesite and Macromedia Dreamweaver ... hmmm , I 've tried them both . Homesite was pretty much the same as the FREE html-kit . You had to write the code ! And Dreamweaver has a terrible environment for beginners and intermediate web developers alike.Frontpage is tops !!
 For the novice web page designer , this tool does it all . The templates are well thought out and easy to navigate and modify . Once the FrontPage extentions have been loaded into your domain , publishing is easy . FrontPage can be registered and used in more powerful IDE 's such as IBM 's WebSphere . The speech recognition tool is a plus as well . For the money , it 's hard to find any complaints .
 I read some of these reviews and I must say that 2002 is so deep I think I feel into a hole . As far as the software being difficult , I spent considerable time in the library with some great books . I also bought some books , visual being the best and worked with the software . I took my first order for a web site while I was still learning and let me tell you forms just beat the living hell out of me . What I did was to look at some of the preformed pages of front page and looked at the html andlearned how to use tables with forms and learned even more.I use front page every day with my ebay items and it is a very professional presentation.What a wonderful powerful program . I literally have no problem with this program . I do n't use the microsoft templates anymore as I make my own using microsoft photodraw v2.Someday I guess , as I get better I will take some courses in dreamweaver , which I understand is difficult . But Microsoft Front Page 2002 was a piece of software that I was able to challanage myself . Truthfully it is maybe 100 hours of learning and practice , but it is well worth it.Good job Microsoft , hey , did I say that ? In the end if you buy this and think it will be an easy learn , forget it . It is web design . Difficulty is moderate , but you must focus and practice to learn this software.Take command and get and learn front page , find a good host and boom you are in with a professional website for your business .
 I 've been using FrontPage through several versions . I have never had the difficulties some users have had . FrontPage CAN be uploaded with an FTP program , in fact , this is the way I prefer to use it . It is terrific for beginners and intermediate users . Despite what you may have heard , it 's code is NOT WEIRD anymore . It has n't been for several vesions . And the only time FrontPage changes your code is if you do n't know how to enter it into FrontPage . It does change the FORMATTING of your code , but if you are using FrontPage to do the pages , that should not matter to you at all . It definitely has more power than most website developers need , especially small companies and user 's homepages . As a professional in this area , I rarely use FrontPage or Dreamweaver anymore , but both are excellent products . I would never create a page of complicated tables without using one or the other though . A WYSIWYG editor makes tables MUCH FASTER than using HTML , and there 's no chance of forgetting a tag . In short , it 's easy to master and does the job many users will want it to do .
 I have read many reviews saying Microsoft FrontPage 2002 is for beginners . I admit Dreamweaver is more advanced but you can make a pretty professional looking site in this . All you need are a few graphics and you can make sites you 've never dreamed of doing in about thirty minutes . Once you get to know it , you will discover that this is an amazing program . I already knew HTML before I started , but it took me days to make sites , but with this you can easily make them by just dragging the table , setting the margin , choosing the font , creating hyperlinks and typing . I love Front Page because it makes the job of making a website so much easier . Thank You !
 I have used Frontpage for years , and I must admit it is a great website design program for the non-professional . A couple years ago I started my own website design business and turned to Macromedia Dreamweaver . Although the learning curve is quite harder than Frontpage , Dreamweaver is much more powerful . I would recomend Frontpage to non-Professionals , but if you happen to be a professional , then choose Dreamweaver . Although it 's more expensive , its worth the money . I have to say that they are both excelent products .
 One word - powerful ! It truly amazes me how many tools you have to create , control and grow YOUR OWN Web site ! 1 . -LRB- Management -RRB- Get a better understanding how visitors find and use your site . Get the lowdown on your site 's performance with enhanced reports . Easy to use forms make it simple to collect information from your Web site visitors .2 . -LRB- Control -RRB- You can apply XML formatting automatically to make HTML code compliant and publishing has never been easier . ASP and HTML source code preservation . Custom link bars offer more flexibility in setting up how your pages link with each other . Microsoft script editor helps you write and debug ASP and script code . CSS , DHTML and optional hyperlink underlining enhance your formatting .3 . -LRB- Create -RRB- New and improved customizable themes , add depth to your Web site with Automatic Web Content , edit in your favorite work environment by pasting what you want and where you want it . You can create your own photo gallery and stand out from the crowd with enhanced drawing tools .4 . -LRB- Productivity -RRB- Add sophisticated technology to your site without having to program . Easily add e-commerce functionality to your Web site .5 . -LRB- Teamwork -RRB- Instantly create a team Web site based on SharePoint services which help you set up a Intranet site in minutes.I am amazed of all the work I can do with this program . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I am currently running 8 websites all with Front page server extensions , and all completely designed with front page . Since every one of my sites require weekly if not daily changes I ca n't find an easier , faster , and more user friendly piece of software . My significant other majored in I.T. in college and I continue to laugh at what she has to go through to do something I can do in two clicks . It seems to me the bitter sweet reality is if you want to pay someone a few hundred bucks to spell out ASP for you or write Java scripts and HTML by hand , go ahead . I 'll pay the price to ole Bill Gates and run with this any day . I simply do n't have time to learn the other stuff , -LRB- Dreamweaver , Flash , Director etc. -RRB- and I sure do n't want to pay someone else to do it . It 's like a car . I do n't care how it works as long as it works . And FRONTPAGE works extremely well for me .
 This is not a major upgrade of the Frontpage series , but alot of nice bug fixes that make this upgrade worth getting.Frontpage really shines in the corporate Intranet and Extranet development realms but at the same time offers features that allow home users to get professional looking results with a minimal amount of effort.Both FrontPage and DreamWeaver are both fine products , but it 's FrontPage that comes out way ahead with serious web development . Coding Active Server Pages -LRB- ASP -RRB- , JavaScript , VBScript or XML ? This is the development tool you want .
 You 'll enjoy the ease of working with FrontPage while editing and building your web site . It looks and feels like a cross between Windows Explorer and Microsoft Word . Very logically laid out and the Help section is very detailed . Before buying , make sure the company that hosts your site has the FrontPage 2002 extensions installed . This application just keeps getting better and better .
 I 've been using FrontPage 2002 for a couple of months now and I love it.I have n't had any problems making my site cross-browser compatible and I have tested in it all the major browsers , including Opera.I like the web component functions , it makes adding things like DHTML effects and changes on demand quite simple . The insert form function makes adding forms for emails and guestooks a breeze.It 's also nice to just use one program for designing and uploading my files.The main drawback I can see is locating a host that allows FrontPage extensions , but with some research this can be accomplished and not at a high price for hosting .
 I learned HTML by hand . As with any editor it 's good to know your coding so you can clean up any errors , or add whatever newbies you want . FP makes my work go a whole lot faster and easier . I design websites for several companies and non-profit organizations . I would be at it 24/7 . Is the price reasonable ? No , not really , but I 've tried a lot of editors and there is no comparison . I 'd rather pay a few dollars more and get what I need then to wind up with some off the wall cracker jack editor that makes you wonder why you do n't just do it all by hand .
 I 'm no computer guru , but Microsoft 's FrontPage program is easy enough that you do n't even have to know how to write HTML . I imagine it is n't the best website builder , but for the price , it does a creditible job .
 For the non-web-heads , for those who do n't have the time to eat , drink and sleep HTML code , for those who have a life - Frontpage 2002 is an excellent choice for quick and easy web page construction.I have extensive experience in graphic design but have neither the time nor interest to learn HTML . With Frontpage , I not only got two now popular sites running but I 'm getting freelance offers to do small business sites for other people.Granted , this is not a software for professionals . As a graphic designer , you could n't make me use Microsoft Publisher at gunpoint . I 'd use professional softwares such as Quark or Pagemaker . So I understand the `` disgust '' for this product by hard core designers . But I say again , it 's not for them . They 'd be happier if they stop trying to use it . It 's for the rest of us , the average folks in the world . I love it . It let 's me do quickly and easily what I do best
 This is a program for novice web site developers with no formal HTML programming experience . It will produce a product that is excellent for home or personal use , but only adequate for business use . The bells and whistles that spell polish and sophistication just are n't there . It is simple to use . So far , the only glitches I have discovered are relatively inoffensive or can be worked around . For example , do n't expect much from the automatic formatting of the table of contents page . If the table you get does n't resemble the table in your mind , there 's no apparent way to fix it.In particular , note that the FrontPage 2002 extensions necessary to make WYS on your computer WYG on a server may not be loaded on the free or for-hire server you choose . After tons of IMs , emails , and letters , it finally developed that they were n't loaded on my ISP 's servers and wo n't be until , maybe , the first quarter of 2002 . This is n't unusual , so compare and contrast servers before you buy the software . Otherwise , pick up FrontPage 2000 on the discount table.The manual that comes with the software is inadequate . Buy FrontPage 2002 for Dummies or a comparable guide .
 As a first time web creator , FRONTPAGE 2002 helped me get my website up and running very quickly . Having used other Microsoft products at home and at the office -LRB- i.e. Word , Excel -RRB- , most of the buttons and commands were very familiar to me , and will probably be for anyone who buys it.FRONTPAGE wo n't teach you concepts of web design or help you design a page that will translate into all the different screen resolutions and browsers out there - learning that , for me , came later . I had to simply get my web page UP.I was a BEGINNER at web design , and shelling out $ 400 for DREAMWEAVER did n't seem practical -LRB- or affordable -RRB- . I must admit that having learned a lot about web pages , I 'm thinking about DREAMWEAVER now!FRONTPAGE allowed me to realize my ideas quickly and easily . The WYSIWYG interface -LRB- `` What You See Is What You Get '' -RRB- is invaluable to people like me who hardly knew any HTML tags , and did n't understand the difference between Netscape or Internet Explorer.I pubish my web using yahoo as a host , and the interface between the server and FRONTPAGE is very easy . I click `` publish '' and the files load . Very simple.I really do n't have a lot of complaints about FRONTPAGE . Now that I 've become more functional as a webmaster , I am starting to understand HTML code and scripts - sometimes I do n't even use the WYSIWYG screen , I click on the HTML screen and work `` behind the scenes '' . I reccommend FRONTPAGE for any beginners out there . It 's an intuitive , easy to use program that does n't cost an arm and a leg to get into.Good luck , future webmasters !
 I must say that Front Page 2002 is a dream program compared to the 2000 version . I had some very weird things happen with 2000 such as its not publishing to the web on the index page unless I also saved it in Notepad . All the bugs are gone in 2002 plus it is much easier to use . I use it for everything , rarely using Word , Office and so forth . My two major tools for editing and writing are Front Page and super Notepad instead . I am going to learn Dreamweaver next term at the college where I teach because I am finally ready to move on and learn more about professional web design . Besides , I can now read and write html so I am not as utterly dependent on Front Page as I once was . If you do n't know any html coding , the basis of all web pages , Front Page is the program for you . I also do all my image editing in Photoshop so do n't even need that function in Front Page . Dreamweaver is the industry standard instead of Front Page yet Front Page is the ordinary user 's program of choice . The reason for this is that you can know very little about computers and still make a website with Front Page . It even made publishing websites idiot proof by using Front Page Server extensions with many web host providers . Thus , one can totally skip learning ftp protocol by using Front Page server extensions instead . If someone wants to go professionally into web page design , this is not the product , Dreamweaver is . People who already are professionals in the computer industry or in web design tell me they do n't like Front Page . I think the reason is that since they do n't need -LRB- or want -RRB- Front Page to do their work for them , they desire a program which gives them a much freer hand . For the average computer user though , that is all pie in the sky , beyond their reach , and Front Page 2002 will more than do the job for them .
 I am a reluctant user of MS products . Who really wants to give them more money ? But there are few better web editors than this . With this version , FrontPage has surpassed Homesite ; but DreamWeaver is still better -- probably the only better web development application.PROS * Preserves true HTML coding -- old versions of FrontPage did not do this * Great project management
 Most people think you need years of schooling to put together a fully functioning web site . That 's where FrontPage comes in along with all of its wizards and extensive knowledge base on-line . I started out using GeoCities and Homestead to get my first sites up and running quickley but since you need to be online to use their web site authoring software the phone line can be tied up for long periods of time . FrontPage eliminates that and you get some very useful and cool tools to play around with . This version will let those who want or need to play around the HTML code to do so . There are so many things you can do with FrontPage it 's unreal . And for beginners it 's nearly perfect . I have purchased several books that dig deep into what you never knew you could do with this program it has surprised me and I 've been using it for 4 years . Each year Microsoft manages to add some new functions for each new version , though I wish some could be a free download . It 's one of those titles you can have more fun with then you ever thought possible from a business oriented piece of software .
 Yes , Great tool is here . FrontPage 2002 will definately change the way we see web site , as with this powerful software one can design site with dynamic contents like news headlines or weather forecasts , with the help of automatic Web content from Microsoft MSN , MSNBC , Expedia , and bCentral . Even if you are new to any web designing tool , take my word for Microsoft FrontPage 2002 . The software is easier then Microsoft Word and very powerful too.FrontPage 2002 has 34 new features then earlier version 2000 . To name a few like PowerPoint type Drawing tool , Automatic Web Content , Discussion Board , Dynamic Online Serveys , CSS formating , and Web components like Photo Gallery , Link Bars , Top 10 Lists , List Views from SharePoint Team Services , Save to Database , and Automatic Web Content like headlines , stock ticker , and maps. , Inline Frames via HTML 4-based support , Single Page Publishing , Background Publishing , Document Library , and above all you can add e-commerce functionality to your site with this version . With FrontPage 2002 you can design dynamic web site without knowing ` P ' of ` Programming ' till E-commerce level !!!!!!! As always like all other Microsoft Product , FrontPage 2002 is for 90 percent peoples ' 95 percent requirement ...
 This was a used book I purchased . It was in excellent condition and arrived on time . Another great purchase from Amazon .
 I USE FP SINCE V. 97 AND NEVER USED IT ON A MS SERVER . FP IS THE BETTER EDITOR EVER MADE , SINCE YOU KNOW HOW TO CONFIGURE IT , IN ORDER TO NOT GET UNEEDED RESULTS . AFTER THIS , IT 'S A BREEZE . PRODUTIVITY IS THE KEY . YOU MOVE A IMAGE ARCHIVE FROM ONE FOLDER TO ANOTHER AND ALL THE LINKS RELATED TO THAT IMAGE WILL CHANGE TOGETHER . THE SAME WITH ALL DOCUMENTS . SO WHY CHANGE MANUALY ALL THE LINKS OR USE THIRD PARTY CGI PROGRAMS TO DO THE SAME ? THANKS TO FP EXTENSIONS COMPLETE WORKS THAT SOMETIMES TAKES A WEEK , CAN BE MADE IN 2 TO 3 DAYS . CAN GOLIVE , DREAMWEAVER , PAGEMAKER , HOTDOG , HOTMETAL OR ANY OTHER EDITOR DOES THE SAME ? IN REAL TIME ON THE WEB ? SORRY I THINK THEY 'RE NOT !
 I do n't find this version much different from the last . But either way I like them both very much!The only thing I do n't like about this version as opposed to the last is that hyperlinking takes longer ... for some reason the file list takes 2 - 3x 's longer than before ... Oh well ...
 I think that Microsoft 's Frontpage 2002 book and cd roms is really great for those who are just starting out creating a website . And i think people should buy this book and cd 's because it helps you not only design a website but create a website and reading the book will help you as well to also using the cd 's tools for your website you 'll be up on the internet in no timeflat.This book and cd 's i would suggest to anyone who wants a website to setup easy . And have fun too
 FP 2002 is a good product , but you may need a little education on how to use it effectively . The help features are a little vague and the HTML is a little messy but all in all it 's a good product for the price . Good for novice and intermediate users but advanced users might want to seek a more robust editor .
 Easiest to use , can pass work on to novices when busy.All features I used are compatible with Windows 8
 I used this product to set up my web site and highly recommend it . If you work with Microsoft Word , this product will be very easy to use .
 After learning some HTML on my own , and struggling to set up my first Web page , I came to appreciate FrontPage 98 . Later , I upgraded to FrontPage 2002 . Microsoft had a winner in this affordable , easy-to-use Web page design tool.I use it exlusively to do all of my Web site design these days . It has a few quirks , and is not always as intuitive as I think that it should be , but , hey -- it sure beats doing markup manually!I like it !
 I am a big fan of Microsoft FP . This program is great , and so easy to use . I am not a whiz on the computer at all , but this software sure makes me look like I am ! I love it !
 This is a great product by Microsoft . I must say it 's not worth the -LSB- money -RSB- upgrade from Fronpage 2000 , if you own a previous version.You can add in animated buttons , animation , loads of cool things to spice up your images , and loads more . More than 50 amazing theme backgrounds and 12 awesome templates . Make a custom threaded -LRB- or non threaded , your choice -RRB- message board in less than 3 minutes!Other reviewers who claim Frontpage is bad because it needs server extensions just have n't explored the world wide web . Go to microsoft.com and download a free web server . Then just download the server extensions for that server , also from microsoft.com . Not too hard , is it?Remember NO editors out there can be used without ANY computer experience . You should know some basic HTML , then your prayers are answered.I used to use Shami 's HTML-kit , but you had to write all the code yourself . Macromedia Homesite and Macromedia Dreamweaver ... hmmm , I 've tried them both . Homesite was pretty much the same as the FREE html-kit . You had to write the code ! And Dreamweaver has a terrible environment for beginners and intermediate web developers alike.Frontpage is tops !!
 I have very little HTML experience and not much more in the webmaster department . I have tried previous versions of FrontPage and this one is by far the best . I was able to produce a professional looking web site in just under a month . The tools are fairly intuitive and the learning curve has been quick . I feel like I 've got a powerhouse of a program that 's actually under my control.Hard core developers seem to have a lot of criticism for this product , but it 's great for beginners . I would recommend it for anyone who is a beginner to intermediate web developer .
 I 've been trying out the Frontpage 2002 beta for a month . I was impressed with some new image features . Making it easier to post images , and work with the resolution all in the Frontpage program itself , saves time . Newer wizards with DAP -LRB- data access pages -RRB- allow you to make useful internet , or intranet sites . Granted Dreamweaver is a great program , Microsoft has come out with a worthwhile upgrade , or new investment .
 Easy to learn , incredibly intuitive , and perfect for the DIY webmaster . Granted , if you do n't know any HTML at all , your pages will look very generic . But once you do a little homework and figure out how to make tables to organize your layout , you will probably never need anything else to make killer websites ! I created djresource.com , chuckfresh.com , tommieandjohnnie.com , brevardmarketing.com and several others with nothing more than FrontPage , and these sites rival anything you can produce with any other expensive or free software package . If your time is better spent being creative and earning a comfortable living rather than writing senseless complex HTML code that no one could care less about , get your hands on this software . I 'd give it six stars if I could !
 FrontPage 2002 is the best version of FrontPage that I have used so far , and I have used FrontPage since it was first released . FrontPage finally works seamlessly with Office , particularly Office XP . The Picture Gallery creation feature is nice because it eliminates the laborious task of setting up thumbnail graphics and aligning the page . The user only has three configurations of the Photo Gallery , more would be nice , but it works for now . FrontPage 2002 works particularly well in a team development environment , because is support the `` check-in , check-out '' of documents much like SharePoint and SourceSafe , which only allows one person to work on any piece of code -LRB- or page -RRB- at a time . The User Name of the last person who saved the page is also stored . If you are looking for a good WYSIWYG Web Page Editor that is without a steep learning curve , FrontPage 2002 is a good choice .
 Microsoft Frontpage 2002 is an ideal software package for the beginning web page & web site creator . Unlike most Web page software , Microsoft allows the user to create web pages and web sites by using wizards in lieu of having to actually know HTML . Just type text , insert photos and Frontpage does the rest . Upload to the WWW web site and a way one goes . However , for the complex web site or web page creator , Frontpage is lacking in high level HTML coding and web site contruction . Dreamweaver with Macromedia Flash would be the prefered software package .
 The latest upgrade to Microsoft 's FrontPage web authoring tool is ... Well , pretty darn good . I know that there are FP detractors out there who say , `` I do n't like FP it messes with my code ! '' . This latest version messes with it less although quite frankly Frontpage is not aimed at whining code junkies . It does a great job of allowing entry level to intermediate web designers to get their sites up and running in a minimum of time . Those people who already hate this utility will not like it any better after using ' 02 . Dreamweaver would probably be a better -LRB- although much more expensive -RRB- choice for them . But if you want extreme ease of use and a very shallow learning curve this is for you .
 This is a very good book . If you need help with Front Page 2002 -LRB- FP2002 -RRB- then this is thee book for you . It is completely an ingenius book . The author -LRB- s -RRB- did a supperb job on this . This is not for a BRAND NEW web designer , it can get technical . But get it , learn it , and live it .
 This program is outstanding ! I 've been using FP2000 and recently ran into an error message when trying to open the root web directly from the web host server . The error said that my web `` was on a protected drive '' . I could update the site using `` Publish Web '' . That became my work-around . I upgraded to FP2002 and was able to open the root web instantly . The photo gallery templates are a nice addition . There are more additional features I have n't discovered yet.I have n't used any of the other wysiwyg editors and do n't plan to . I am quite satisfied with FP .
 I 've used almost every version of MS FrontPage . It is simply the easiest to learn and use . I 've tried various packages , but none have the features I need . I have numerous websites , one of which is close to 150 pages , and I love using FrontPage . The includes , photo galleries , and other features make this worthwhile .
 By far , the fastest , easiest , most comprehensive web authoring tool I 've ever used . Great for those who do n't have time to goof around with code when trying to run a business.Those negative reviews about not-perfect code are basically the users who do n't get it . Importing from Word ? Of course that 's cumbersome , you 're not writing letters , you 're designing web pages ! That 's like trying to write a book with Notepad . The WYSIWYG interface is flawless and gets the job done , fast , with no hassles.One more thing , multiple account management is easy if you READ THE DIRECTIONS !
 Microsoft Office FrontPage 2002 delivers on its title 's promise -- it is a real solution for creating and managing Web sites . Although I began using FrontPage only from this version , and in 2007 -- when Expression Web and SharePoint Designer have already `` hit the road '' -- is still is a great program . First and formost , you do n't have to perform the tedious problem of coding HTML -LRB- HyperText Markup Language -RRB- -- instead you can enter what you want the browser to display , like in Microsoft Word . Then , you can easily add hit counters and other Web components . As a `` special edition '' , my copy included some bCentral eCommerce Web components , that make managing a business Web site easy as pie . Therefore , I doubt the popular belief that you ca n't manage a business Web site with FrontPage . Next , adding scripts and other Office documents is easy -- you do n't have `` call '' the script from the server -- actually , you do n't even need a server to do this at all ! Instead , you can add or edit scripts in the HTML view , in Microsoft Script Editior , or in Visual Basic Editor . Finally , publishing Web sites is easy with FrontPage -- you do n't have to publish everything , but instead , you can simply choose what you want to publish . I probably will be upgrading to neither Expression Web nor SharePoint Designer . But I certainly will upgrade to Microsoft Office FrontPage 2003 sooner or later . Microsoft says that Expression Web is for professionals , and SharePoint Designer is for businesses , and that FrontPage is good for neither of these . But as I found out , FrontPage is good for both .
 I am impressed with the team-based capabilities of FrontPage 2002 . The software provides for the easy sharing of files between team members . It even provides a task module where team assignments can be made and reviewed.The product interfaces neatly with Microsoft Office XP . I have had very few problems cutting and pasting files from the Office Suite to FrontPage and vice versa.I am an old dog with conservative tastes . I can not speak to the quality of the code the product provides , but I can tell you this . I picked up the nuisances of this product easily -- with some help from Jim Buyens ' `` Microsoft FrontPage
 Frontpage 2002 is the easiest of all website builders . it is very professional in it 's layout and not confusing or cluttered like the other `` super '' designers . You do not have to read thousands of pages to learn Frontpage . The sites are very professional looking with the ability to import 3rd party templates to change styles if you are not capeable of doing this yourself . I have been using Frontpage for 4 years now , and the 2002 version is by far the easiest and best . Do not use earlier versions of Frontpage if you want to keep up with the latest in web design technology.Try it ... you will like it .
 I 've been designing websites for ... 4 years now . I started with notepad . Even though you produce low-quality websites at an alarmingly slow pace , it 's a good learning experience . It 's how I learned HTML.Needless to say , I 've done some `` stepping '' up since then . I 've tried all the greats
 FrontPage 2002 is a great what-you-see-is-what-you-get -LRB- WYSIWYG -RRB- HTML editor , and maintains enough power that interested individuals can still write the actual HTML code . If you have ever used Office , you will be able to learn most of FrontPage 2002 's features with relative ease . FrontPage Server Extensions are required to be on the server hosting your page for some of the more advanced features , but many hosts are beginning to add these extensions as their use increases . If all you 'll be doing is adding content to a page , you should have no problems using FrontPage on any servers . FrontPage is an extremely powerful software package that costs a lot less than most other equivalent products . As a piece of the Office XP product line , FrontPage 2002 will be as easy and as powerful as other products you are using , and will integrate itself with those other products . If you need to put part , or even a whole , word document on a page FrontPage will do that with ease . You can also include Excel data , and other types of office documents . If you have not yet purchased an HTML editor , get FrontPage and save yourself a lot of hassle and money with other brands . If you have already begun that hassle , end it now with FrontPage 2002 . A WORD OF CAUTION : Users of Microsoft Windows 95 and prior will NOT be able to use FrontPage 2002 , or any other Office XP product ... Take a look at FrontPage 2000 for this OS .
 I first started using FrontPage with the 98 version and then upgraded to 2000 not to long after that . So far all the versions of FrontPage I have used have been great . Macromedia 's Dreamweaver is good for people who are more experienced but is also a lot more expensive . I like Dreamweaver but FrontPage is a much better buy than any version of Dreamweaver or any other web page designing programs I have used . If you are a beginner-intermediate and do n't want to spend too much but still want a good quality program this is for you .
 As a Business Web Site Developer specializing in small and medium business , our company has found the FrontPage platform to be easiest to teach for `` self administrators . '' The largest problem we have had in recent years is developing sites with database capabilities affordably . FrontPage has finally set up an interface which allows users to set up simple databases . In addition , media players and more custom features should make sites much more creative . The main problem areas are Shared Borders may get lost so keep a copy of them on another page , the Index page sometimes disappears so you need to reinitiate from the browser to find it . The inline frame is a nicer solution than the traditional framed pages ; however , you need to keep in mind the viewable space . Finally , some of the features require FrontPage 2002 Server Extensions . For some this may be hard to find a provider for but they are out there.Although FrontPage does have some big bugs , the value , especially in the database area makes it a good upgrade .
 I 've been using FP 98 since it came out . I did n't feel the need to upgrade until my office upgraded to Office 2000 -LRB- to include FP 2000 -RRB- . I really liked the improvements of FP 2000 over FP 98 . So I purchased FP 2002 . The interface of FP 2002 is much like FP 2000 . There are a lot of kewl things added in FP 2002 but there are a few annoying things .1 -RRB- Hyperlinks -- now I have to wait while FP scans my entire 40GB HD looking for all possible files I `` might '' want to hyperlink to . This can take as much as 5 seconds -LRB- I have a lot of files -RRB- .2 -RRB- FP 2002 is a resource hog ! I have 250MB of memory -LRB- running WinME -RRB- and if I have Netscape and Eudora -LRB- e-mail -RRB- up , I will often get `` Out of resource '' messages .3 -RRB- FP 2002 has an annoying habit of restructuring old code , even code done with FP 98 ! I tried using the method of preserving original code -LRB- used in FP 2000 -RRB- but that did n't work . I had to rebuild several pages from scratch .4 -RRB- The `` default '' new page has a lot of crap on it that I do n't want . Jeeze ! Give me a bleeding blank page .5 -RRB- Just because FP says the font you are using is a certain font does n't mean that Netscape will see it as such.With all these problems , you 'd think I 'd rate it lower but the good has -LRB- so far -RRB- out-weighed the bad mentioned above .
 The additional features -LRB- like line art and the photo gallery templates -RRB- are just the icing on the cake . The real benefit to me was a bug fix.I could n't open the root web of my new site using FP2000 like my host provider recommends . I kept getting an error message that the site was on a protected drive . I purchased the upgrade and discovered that FP2002 had no trouble opening the root web.I have not used any other WYSIWYG editors . FP2002 does the job !
 took me a while to get the hang of it but once I did I enjoyed it . Some things are different like you have to do links manual for the most part . The first time you choose to make a link it asks if you want a email or Web Site link after that it stays with that choice so you have to make links manual .
 ... . The new FrontPage is much improved and has many new features for dynamic content and has great look and feel . It actually comes very close to DreamWeaver and is even better in some areas . The best thing is that now you can easily include automatically updated Web Content on your page , like News and Weather . And if you need dynamic , database-content , you can use CodeCharge with FrontPage , which creates much cleaner database-connected sites than DreamWeaver UltraDev .
 You can do a lot more with version 2002 than with previous versions , but if you do n't have a Web Hosting with FrontPage Extensions 2002 running , it wo n't worth the money you spend on this new version . Stick with a previous version . But if you manage to find a good webhosting service wich supports fpe2002 , the you 're set for a nice treat . Good luck finding one , though , because there are n't many .
 Yes , Great tool is here . You must upgrade to this version from FrontPage 2000 . New FrontPage 2002 will definately change the way we see web site , as with this powerful software one can design site with dynamic contents like news headlines or weather forecasts , with the help of automatic Web content from Microsoft MSN , MSNBC , Expedia , and bCentral . Even if you are new to any web designing tool , take my word for Microsoft FrontPage 2002 . The software is easier then Microsoft Word and very powerful too.FrontPage 2002 has 34 new features then earlier version 2000 . To name a few like PowerPoint type Drawing tool , Automatic Web Content , Discussion Board , Dynamic Online Serveys , CSS formating , and Web components like Photo Gallery , Link Bars , Top 10 Lists , List Views from SharePoint Team Services , Save to Database , and Automatic Web Content like headlines , stock ticker , and maps. , Inline Frames via HTML 4-based support , Single Page Publishing , Background Publishing , Document Library , and above all you can add e-commerce functionality to your site with this version . With FrontPage 2002 you can design dynamic web site without knowing ` P ' of ` Programming ' till E-commerce level !!!!!!! As always like all other Microsoft Product , FrontPage 2002 is for 90 percent peoples ' 95 percent requirement ...
 I 've used every version of Front Page since 97 in my web development business . Miscrosoft keeps adding nice bells and whistles to the tool , and I keep using it more than I used to . Normally , I use it in conjunction with Dreamweaver . Both can do things the other ca n't do , and Dreamweaver has stopped ruining my Front Page code . The big surprise for me was that MS totally blew some of the DHTML functions in 2002 , so I am forced to use 2000 , which I keep on another computer , for those functions . The work-arounds are a pain . Not bad overall tho .
 The problems I see other people having are because they do n't know other ways of doing things -LRB- like using the keyboard for copying and pasting and who knows why they are n't logging directly into the site and making real-time changes for just one page -RRB- . The other programs mentioned are not always compatible with other browsers . FrontPage had this problem but as website publishers ourselves , we have n't had a single problem with the HTML compatibility that FP provides . As far as FP competing with other programs ... if you do n't think that it competes you do n't know how to use it.I agree with the long wait times and the server extensions seem to go corrupt more than usual once you do get them installed . The forms could have more functions and the themes are so problem forming that we do not even use them . FP is also no longer available for MACs ; this could lead to HTML compatibility problems in the future just like there were in the past .
 hallo.I 'm a full of hearts and flowers , so I 'd like to become happy.I hope every boby can happy with me.Thank you very much .
 I really like this product more then frontpage 98 , its more user friendly . and I like the new component for photo gallery .
 I have used FrontPage since it first came out and have a love/hate relation with it . It made design easy but writes bad , incompatible code . FP2000 fixed a lot of this but the user interface was redesigned and is now terrible . FP2002 fixes the things they got wrong in the earlier versions and is now what is should have been already . I will definately upgrade , since the site management capabilities are great and there are new features definitely worth having . But as far as what is best , I give Dreamweaver top ratings . The suite of tools from Macromedia -LRB- Dreamweaver , UltraDev , Fireworks , Flash , and Freehand -RRB- is superb and ca n't be beat .
 Honestly , I 'm not interested in learning HTML , and I wanted to create a simple website for my Youth Group and like I said I did not want learn any web programming . So what was I going to do ? I always had FrontPage on my computer since Office 2000 . I always heard rumors that FrontPage was not an appropriate choice for web creation and management . Yes and No in some respects , if you really want to create a professional website with all the bells and whistles for coporate purposes or some other professional type of reason go ahead and purchase Adobe GOLIVE or DREAMWAEVER . For those who are creating simple websites either for non-profit -LRB- like me -RRB- or just a personal website I honestly think FrontPage is most suitable , easy to learn and use , no need to learn code , it has templates to get you started right away . One major dis-advantage is the code FrontPage produces is very slow , but it get 's the job done at a slow rate . If you hate Microsoft 's products or you think that they are buggy and too monopolistic try this alternative , Macromedia HOMESITE , that 's if you want learn programming .
 I am a reluctant user of MS products . Who really wants to give them more money ? But there are few better web editors than this . With this version , FrontPage has surpassed Homesite ; but DreamWeaver is still better -- probably the only better web development application.PROS * Preserves true HTML coding -- old versions of FrontPage did not do this * Great project management
 While there are some appealing tweaks , none measure up to the hefty price tag . If you 've got Office 2000 , do something meaningful with your money - you can afford to wait on this . Corporate users might want to jump into XP for it 's workgroup-related enhancements , but home users are n't going to be too thrilled .
 I am very happy with my purchase and it works great , would buy from again !
 Never have I come across a collection of applications that are so useful and well-integrated . The price might seem steep , but if you can afford it , it 's well worth its price .
 I went from Windows 98 2nd Edition to loading Windows XP . It makes one heck of a diference . The start-up time is about 30-60 seconds , as oposed to the 5 minutes and over it would take 98 to load for me . The promise of plug and play that was advertised in 98 is now actually available in XP . Stability is much improved also . I can let my machine run for a weekand a half now before it even hicups . It is a far cry from a perfect operating system , but it is the best attempt Microsoft has made in a long time , and it is leaps and bounds over their last couple . The tools that are included are very handy and extremly user friendly . The new look takes a little getting used to -LRB- it is somewhat bubbly -RRB- , but the classic look is but a click away . Be prepared to upgrade some of your periferals though . Microsoft 's new stance of supporting older products is somewhat bully-like . I had to upgrade to a new joystick for some of my games because their very own original Sidewinder Force Feedback is not supported in XP . This was pretty minor though , it was old technology .
 Having reviewed the beta of this product i must say that this Office is one of the best . Used in Win2k/ME and the new win XP . the transpareny is great . New features in all the applications making powerpoint even easier to use . though the beta of Office XP was a memory hog i think the final should be excellent but 128mb ram is definately needed and as ram is cheap why not get 256mb ram : -RRB-
 Well well well ... i bought Office XP Professional for a tenner ... and i was well chuffed at first . installed it , and everything worked really fine . i did n't activate it , but i just turned off my computer till the next night . THEN , when i tried to load XP , it just automatically restarted . Would n't load XP ! So i formatted my HDD , and then -LRB- with very shaky fingers -RRB- re-installed it , and activated it , then it worked proper . the point is , do n't install this software if you have an unknown problem , or conflicting devices on your conputer.Down to the software . . It has Frontpage , Word , Excel , Access , Powerpoint and Outlook . The last office i had was 97 small business edition and that was completely ... , i definately needed it . all the programs work really well . they 've got Speech Recognition -LRB- which i hate because it slows my computer by 60 % :-LRB- . I think the progs are just office2000 tweaked , and you ca n't install it on two computers . if u cant ... Overall , a really useful bunch of programs , and definately worth -LSB- the money -RSB- ! -LRB- not sure of the market price -RRB-
 I have to agree with Jared . As one of the beta testers , it does require memory , but the payoff in the design of the software is great . There are new templates and a multitude of other useful tools incorporated in this software .
 I have been using Windows X-P since the final release . The Beta I hated but I like the final version fine . The upgrade from Windows 2000 Professional is not really necessary for everyone . For those doing a lot of graphic and motion pictures , it is certainly worth the upgrade . I have had no freezing , or crashes with it .
 I have always used the standard version of Microsoft Office until now , I love Microsoft Office XP Professional !! Great program and would recommend it over the standard version any day.Jaime Whitewww.jpassistants.com
 Although this product is n't released until May 31 , 2001 , I am fortunate enough to have obtained a copy of MS Office XP Professional through my company . This is absolutely the best Office interface ever created . I upgraded from MS Office 2000 , and XP is substantially better . The ease of use is astounding . Some minor improvements include the spelling/grammar check . Office 2000 and previous versions had spelling/grammar checks that over-did it , but this version does not tend to that . Many more improvements , but too many to list . Definitely purchase this program .
 I want to play an online geme and the administater of the game think that the reason that it keeps booting me out is because of the fire wall that are installed in windows xp I would really like to play this game online so I was wodering if thier is any way to get around the fire walls or to make them inactive when I want to play on the game the game is Americas Army . That might nopt even be the problem though the error that I keep get is somthing about OS : Window xp 5.1 -LRB- build :2600 -RRB- CPU
 This is great software but the price is too high when you consider there is software available for free that will acomplish the same or simaler things . www.openoffice.org
 I bought the College Student version of MS Office Professional , which was $ ... less than this one . I was pleased with all the programs this had -LRB- with the exception of not having Front Page , which is a great program itself -RRB- , and I think that the version that includes Front Page and Project with a free mouse is the best option if you want it all . However , if you are a student or teacher , check your local bookstore or a website that offers software to students so you can pay less for MS Office XP Professional . However , if you want to pay way less for Office XP , but do n't plan on upgrading for a while , get the Standard version that is sold in most businesses like Wal-Mart . Compared to Office 2000 , this version is a little slower to operate , yet , it does have some improvements . I like the Task Pane on Office XP . It may be included on Office 2000 , I do n't remember , but it is very convenient . Also , I like that on Front Page XP -LRB- which I purchased separately for $ ... , thanks MS ! -RRB- you can change fonts easier . Also , you have one button access to putting your page on a blank internet page.I am pretty pleased . Not only that it is easy to use , I know that is what my school uses , and it also works VERY WELL with Apple Works .
 Office 2003 ! I LOVED Office XP until I started Beta-testing MS Ofice 2003 . XP is a killer work-horse , bug-FREE -LRB- except FP 2002 -RRB- and integrates beautifully . I have nothing bad to say about it except it ai n't 2003 . If you have n't been using it you have missed out , but wait until the end of October to buy 2003 ... Unless MS introduces something to trash it , the Office 2003 Suite is an enterprise level Office Suite priced for the home user.BTW if you buy Office XP from Aug 28 to launch supposedly you can upgrade for free to 2003 .
 Great transaction , I only needed this set to bridge the gap betwen sutdent version and 2007 program full version.Van Elmore
 I am very pleased with the product I received . It works Great . I will definitely reorder .
 This is an excellent product designed with the professional user in mind . I was required to purchase this professional version for a class that I am taking . Otherwise , I believe the Standard version would be sufficient for most people . I would have given it five stars , but the price is a bit steep . If the price does n't scare you , then you can not go wrong with this package . Also , get a decent microphone if you want to use the speech recognition feature .
 I was very pleased with the program I received . It was everything I had hoped it would be even though it did not have the original case . Everything worked fine . I would definitely order from this vendor again .
 I received my product ahead of the scheduled time and in good condition . A good place to shop .
 Very good product . Just a little on the expensive side .
 This is the biggest change in Office since 1997 . With the new `` smart tags '' cuts your work in half ! A `` smart tag '' recognizes what you are doing by reading the text . Increased security in Access provides a safer more relaxed work place ; it helps by using 128-bit security ! First comes Word . My most favorable upgrade is being able to combine multiple documents and put them all into one ! Collaborative ! The voice response feature is n't that great , it needs to be worked on a bit for feature office products . But it still works and saves major time . Next comes Outlook , I think the best new feature is color-coated colander dates , when you set a date it is now in color , rather than having them all in black and white and squinting my eyes to see what the freaking day 's appointments are . Then comes PowerPoint , one of my personal favorite office programs . The best thing refined is the smoother , animations that give you a better feel while doing your presentation . Now comes Excel . This also contains the `` smart tags '' . But thing I found was that you could now look up stock prices on the Internet ... woooo.The system requirements as usual for any office products are large . I am running on a P3 650 , 128 sdram , and a 8.4 gig drive . 245 MB of available hard disk space and zn additional 115 MB is required on the hard disk where the operating system is installed . So as you can see it takes a lot of power to operate these innovative tools , its a well worth investment . It 'll be interesting to see how Windows XP and Office XP work together !
 First I want to say that I bought this cd from comusave . Just wanted you to know that this company is quick to ship and reliable to do business with.I rated this product a 5 star for its excel and powerpoint program . I found out one thing . OfficeXP Professional and Windows XP office suite do not like each other and I solved this problem of installation by first removing all the office suite from my computer then load the Microsoft Office XP Professional on it . Worked like a charm ! So for all you out there that migh be having a conflict in software you might try what I did . Thanks Mary Oyerly
 Okay , so here 's a 2-minute synopsis of what earned it a 5 for me . I seem to spend half my life doing email , so let 's start with Outlook -LRB- ! -RRB-
 The answer depends on your relationship with previous versions of Office or whatever office suite you use . if you 're sick of running through drop-down menus to find the commands you need , Task Panes may help . But some experienced users may conclude that Task Panes take up too much screen real estate doing things that the users already know how to accomplish . Smart Tags are great way to fine-tune Office 's automatic corrections and add some new functions , but they also may perform some actions you wish they had n't and may distract the user . In short , if you have a difficult time getting your current office suite to do what you want , Office XP may be a big help . But if you 've already mastered the drop-down menus and configuration tweaks that you need in order to work efficiently , XP 's new suitewide features probably are n't worth spending.The answer to the upgrade question also depends on what you do with Office . If you spend most of your time in any application - especially Excel where I found few changes for the good - you probably wo n't gain much by switching . On the other hand , if you find yourself constantly jumping from Outlook to Word to PowerPoint and using them all to their fullest , the improvements will probably make the upgrade worthwhile . Users already running Office 2000 can wait another year or two before they upgrade , by that time you will see the neccessity of the features in Office XP !
 Now I have to work now that I have it . It has some nice qualities . Some things are impossible without it .
 Always seeing information about Microsoft and reading the articles about the power of the software , I wanted to have a package for my own.Finally , I found the package for me at a great price.Product came in a timely manner and was everything I expected . Much happy exploring ahead for me in the future .
 I lost my copy of Micro Soft XP and needed a replacement to reboot my PC . This fit the bill .
 I like this product because it works great with my XP SP2 . Do n't go to SP3 if you do n't have to .
 installed successfully on a netbook Eee PC 1005HA running Windows XP without any errors . Started up Word and that was also successful .
 Exactly what I needed to get older Desktop -LSB- Tower -RSB- Computer up and running with MS Word and Excel capabilities . All 3 CDs excellent condition , and priced below $ 50 .
 First , count me among the people pleased with the fact that Microsoft Office - and , in particular , Word - has become the de facto standard for document creation . Does anyone remember what life was like before ... when we all wasted copius amounts of time sending and re-sending each other incompatible documents ? Why anyone would yearn for those days is beyond me.Feature-wise , I agree that the programs that comprise Office suffer by trying to be all things to all people . In the excellent book ` Microsoft Secrets , ' I recall reading that extensive user testing revealed that the typical user of Word only made use of around 10 % of its capabilities . So , in general , you 're paying for a lot of bloat that you 'll never access and never care about.The problem with being Microsoft , of course , is that you 've got to appeal to a * very * broad audience . That 's because the 10 % I use may be completely different than someone else 's 10 % . So , with that in mind , let me tell you about two great things in XP version of Word that I make use of on a continuous basis that you ought to know about.First , there 's the ` Track Changes ' capabilities . Yes , this has always been present to some degree , but it got a major overhaul in XP . Now , when you turn the ` Track Changes ' mechanisms on , Word shrinks the size of the entire text of the document -LRB- temporarily -RRB- and reflects all add , change and delete activity in an extensive right-hand margin . What this does for you is that you get all your tracking , while maintaining the flow and readability of the proposed new version of the overall document . You really have to see this in action to appreciate just how much this improves the process.The other feature to point out is the sheer power and scope of Word XP 's multi-language capabilities . I write many documents in Spanish and I am frankly blown-away by my ability to set the ` Language ' spellcheck option to any a number of regional Spanish settings -LRB- e.g. , Mexico , Colombia , Argentina , to name just a few of the many options -RRB- . Then , as I 'm writing , Word catches every little nuance for me - it checks all the many verb forms , even when attaching direct and/or indirect pronouns . Every skipped or misplaced accent is flagged for my attention . In short , using Word XP can dramatically improve your secondary language skills.I 'll talk about PowerPoint briefly - over the years , Microsoft has made it easier to manipulate and put together compelling presentations . In earlier versions , I always felt like I was locked into not much more than bulletized lists . Now , working in combination with Microsoft 's built-in Design Gallery Live -LRB- and aided immeasurably by Google 's Image search -RRB- , you can piece together compelling visual scenarios * exactly * as you envision them , with no encumbrance from PowerPoint.One final point is that you should always pair any Office product with a copy of Adobe Acrobat -LRB- the PDF * writer * , not just the reader -RRB- . With Acrobat , you can remove any hint of incompatibility with anyone in the world , regardless of desktop platform , version , etc. . Just convert any of your Word , PowerPoint or Excel files into a PDF and you 've guaranteed yourself unfettered readability throughout the planet .
 I 've been an office user ever since version 5.1 ; using this office suite at work and at home . I ca n't understand where all the complaining is coming from ... Microsoft Excel Works better than Lotus 123 , Microsoft Word works better than WordPerfect ever did and Microsoft Access is the best personal database system available . Plus it comes with a bunch of other tools that are very useful . I 've never had trouble installing and maintaining this program suite and you can always turn off the office assistant.This is the easiest program suite to use . I do have to agree with some critics about the pricing and registration scheme for this product . Hopefully Microsoft will change their minds and find a better way to stop piracy . Bottom line
 This is by far the best office suite ever developed , and has been for years . Relative cost is largely irrelevant if what you do all day is work on documents , spreadsheets , simple databases , e-mail , etc. and you want the best environment available . There is no comparable alternative.Star Office is adequate if you are a programmer with minimal needs who has to work on a Unix platform .
 Here are some of my initial observations
 This new office package is the best yet . Its new user friendly interface gives a more pleasent EXperance . The package is designed brillantly and the activate product removes any softwhere theft problems . Dont listen to the people who hate microsoft , this is the best office yet .
 All I can say is I have had Win 3.1 , Win 95 and Win 98 then went to this upgrade . This is the best Windows yet ... very stable and well very stable ... it handles crashing programs very well and Windows does NOT crash , I have had WIN XP 2 months now and had it crash 1 time , ok let me repeat 1 time , where it could not recover . I HIGHLY recommend this item and I am very glad I upgraded to it . The most stable Windows ever . Sure I had to pay for it , but still , it is very stable ... I highly recommend it , for the home or the professional version . Best windows eve .
 I have always kept up with the latest versions of Office as they became available but when I had a chance to try out Office XP as a Corporate Preview I jumped . This version now has the ability to save your work if the program crashes `` WOW '' . I sometimes write long letters and would get very fustrated when loosing them . It also has Voice Reconition built in and with the Smart Tag function you do n't have to jump back and forth between programs to sync information . I am sure that there is more great things to explore and find with this program but trust me that with just those functions alone that XP is really worth the price .
 It would appear that most people who wrote comments complaining about the new XP 's registration feature do not really understand software licensing . I think that it 's incredible shrewd for Microsoft to incorporate the technology to decrease on pirating . This will eventually lead to cheaper software for people who actually buy rather than borrow or pirate softwares . Each program should only be loaded on a single computer anyway ! The program has powerful enhancements , but for the average user who uses only 10 % of the features , Office 97 is probably suffice , but for business , there are indespensible enhancements to increase productivity . Buy a tutorial book and enjoy it 's power !
 If you are a user of any Office Suite product you should consider Microsoft Office Professional XP Edition . Microsoft has made great leaps and bounds with this upgrade . I love the new look in Outlook . Setup is a breese , even if you use this on your home PC .
 Bought this for me Mum to go with her birthday laptop . Her emails and photo attachments seem to be getting thru OK , so I guess the books works .
 Office XP is a great upgrade to Office 2000 , I have a preview of it now . I am not impressed with the speech recognition but I like typing better anyway . Other speech recognition pacakages are better . Overall it is excelent and worth the upgrade .
 This is the best Office yet . Best of all Clippy is gone . I am very happy because clippy was anoying . Now it has a better help section . It has Front Page , Word , Excel , Access , and Power Point . I highly recomend buying this even if you have Office 2000 . It is a lot better . This is a must have for all PC users .
 Yes , Office XP performs all the tricks so that any document , presentation and/or spread sheet looks like a million dollars but how many times is Microsoft going to slap a label on a product and declare it to be a major improvement?The features found in Office XP are almost a clone to the previous Office suite 's . Yes , you can now hold 24 items in your clipboard and that is indeed something but is n't that a nifty trick that could have been added as a download ? The task panes , etc. look nice but nobody in the work world is going to use them . Also , you need a full screen when you are seriously working and some of Office XP 's innovations reduce the work area.If you are happy with the Office suite you are currently using , keep it and ignore this upgrade . There are no improvements big or small that justify the cost . Yes , it has the best programs going but it is difficult to install and after you finally get it on your system you are left with - a clone of the Office Suite you were previously using .
 This upgrade is particulary useless if you have an Office 2000 product . The design has been updated and ` smoothed ' over . The only draw-back to this product is the fact that Word still auto-formats like usual , without the writers consent . If you are in the market for an upgrade over a pre-2000 office product this is for you . Would a 2000 Office owner get his/her 's money worth in buying this , no .
 Honestly , I think you should wait a year or two before you upgrade most of the new features are not really relevant to consumers , but are aimed more at businesses . I do n't know if they are shipping Office XP with Service release 1 , but I think most users who would like to uprgade should at least wait until it is being shipped with the bug fixes . The applications look beautiful . They are easy to use of course , but if you are just typing documents , sending e-mail , adding numbers things like that stick with Office 2000 . Because in these rough times you do n't want to waste money on something you are actually getting over and over and over again . I 'm not saying it 's the same applications but for users who are doing simple things in Office it really does not make sense to buy something that is packed up with 90 % of features you are not using . Just have a little patience and wait the year or two by that time Microsoft will be releasing Office XP 2005 , and trust me they are , I read in an interview , where the Microsoft Office Team manager said the next version of Office XP will be based more on collaboration and services . I am making sure you do n't make any regrets , buying this product .
 Microsoft has made its Office applications a bit easier to use and significantly more stable in Office XP . I welcome these enhancements because I 'm a heavy user of Word and Excel . Occasional and light users of Office products would probably not find these enhancements worth the upgrade.I 'm jazzed about Office 's new Task Panes , which are -LRB- to me -RRB- the primary usability enhancement . I 'm a heavy user of find-and-replace . In previous versions of Word , the Replace dialog box was always in the way , covering up text . In Word 2002 , this feature appears instead in the task pane , which slides out from the right edge of the window . Instead of covering up the text , it shrinks the text area a little bit . Also , in previous versions of PowerPoint , if you wanted to see how different presentation designs looked on your presentation , you had to open a dialog box , choose a design , apply it , close the dialog box , open the dialog box , choose a design , apply it , close the dialog box , ad nauseam . In PowerPoint 2002 , the presentation designs appear in the task pane , avoiding the pesky closing and reopening of a dialog box.I 'm encouraged that Office XP seems to crash less than previous versions . When it does crash , it seems to do a better job of recovering your work . Also , it politely tells you when it 's going to crash , automatically restarts , and gives you a choice of versions of your document -LRB- including checkpoint saves -RRB- to open .
 With Powerpoint XP you can now have multiple design templates within the same presentation and the new default slide view makes it easier than ever to make great custom presentations . For those who , like I do , depend on Powerpoint for their presentations , these aspects alone are worth the price of the new Office XP . A small downside I found in this version is that when you go to blank white screen the pen does n't work . This is unfortunate since I would use a blank screen and pen -LRB- in Office 2000 Powerpoint -RRB- to draw illustrations .
 Office XP is a great improvement over version of Office prior to 2000 . Smart tags help to bring key features out that once were hidden from view , making it much easier to be productive in Office . Great improvements have been made in Access 2002 which is now much easier to use than its predecessor was , even easy enough that a novice user could figure out how to setup a basic database with little problem . PowerPoint 2002 also features some nice new transitions and other `` bells and whistles '' to help make your presentation look more professional . For those of you who may have created Binder files , in previous versions of Office , this feature is no longer available , however an unbind feature comes with Office XP . The downside that I have heard much about is the dreaded Product Activation . If you work within your license to use Office , you should never have any problems . My computer gets worked pretty hard , and I often have to reinstall Windows . Needless to say , Office has to be reactivated . Never once has MS staff refused to activate my product . This `` torment '' is really more dreaded than most users will ever find it to actually be . Be more productive with a copy of Office XP today !
 Microsoft XP Pro , is remarkably amazing . The features on it , are so delightful to the modern consumer . Microsoft accomplished its mission in making a Windows package that is 100 % user friendly.Sounds great does n't it?Yes , and no . I am a huge fan of Microsoft XP Pro , I love being able to navigate through Windows with ease , and I like how everything is no longer complex , but really really easy.What I do n't like is the security issues . Not , that I believe that it 's wrong or right , but the digital security on Windows XP Pro is strict . Everything you install has to be digitally signed by Windows , meaning you the user will have endless nightmares trying to find drivers upon drivers , that match the Windows XP Logo . Even then , there still seems to be conflicts with Windows.My recommendation is that Windows XP Professional , is just that , keep it to the Pros . If you want to buy Windows XP , save money and time by investing in Windows XP Home Edition , even then there are digital signature problems , but less than you would have with XP Pro.On a larger scale , if all else fails stick with Windows 2000 . Windows ME was rushed , and was a huge flop for the consumer ; it was rushed onto the market leaving holes and flaws within itself . Windows XP had more time invested than ME , but for PC gamers , this purchase can result in massive headaches.Just be careful what you wish for .
 Do n't listen to the people who hate Microsoft . Their opinions are biased from the start.I 'm a Office 97 user that upgraded to Office XP . XP is easier to use , especially if 50 to 75 percent of your job is creating , modifying or sharing documents .
 Hello Application Purchaser , I received my Microsoft Office XP Professional from Amazon.com with excellent packaging and quick delivery , really , no lie . The product installed flawlessly retaining all of my previous Office settings while uninstalling my existing Office programs . Quite a feat . All of the applications have a new professional flat look with button response which make computing look and feel closer to what it is intended to be . I look forward to trying the voice recognition and web integration features . So far I rate this product a 4 stars only because I have n't looked at the free supplied Microsoft Interactive Training yet.Best , Robert Computer Drafting Service
 Do yourself a Favor , and Upgrade from Windows 2000 . Install `` Microsoft Office XP Professional Upgrade , by Microsoft , '' and watch 98 % of your computer woes vanish before your eyes ! Do the Updates , and watch the remaining 2 % disappear , without a trace.I did a Format C : , installed Windows 2000 , Upgraded to XP Professional & the PC is running Smooth . The Internet runs more smoothly than I have EVER seen , before . The package comes with a Firewall . Games run very , very smoothly . The computer is so quiet , you barely realize you are even online.I had a hard time getting standard software to run on Windows ME , but XP makes everything EASY , and makes it a joy to work on the PC . No more headaches . No more searching for patches on the internet.This package has it all . I work in IT and do troubleshooting all day . Now , I do not have to come home and work on MY PC , as well . XP is the answer to most of your PC problems . This software will more than pay for itself , within weeks -LRB- or minutes , if you are as frustrated with your O.S. as I was -RRB- . Everything flows and runs with Great Ease . Just pick-up a `` Windows XP For Dummies '' -LRB- ISBN # 0764508938 -RRB- book and you will soon be raving to all your friends and co-workers to Upgrade to XP , ASAP . * Note
 I 've been a fan of the `` Office Philosophy '' as long as I 've known of it . It 's almost like software communism . One set of application to satisfy any and all of your needs , for both personal and professional environments . Everybody 's got it , which , instead of meaning that it 's `` trendy , '' it means that it 's nothing less than practical.It bridges the idea of operating system platforms . You know what I mean
 XP Professional carries the basic office into a far more integrated structure of flipping data , graphics , and presentations from one format to another without any Office family squabbles . No system is perfect , but this beats out the clunker systems from the `` competitors ''
 ABOUT ME ... MOST USED
 This is a very good program for the money . My customers use it in my vitamin store . It does need some updating . Once again , ca n't beat it for the money .
 This is a great plug in . I am a well known drummer . On my demos I like to program my own beats with my keyboard . That way I can get the parts exactly as I like them and how I will play them when I get to do the songs live . I have always been frustrated by the midi loops that are available in Garageband and other programs because they are too tight and do not really sound as if someone is playing them . There are audio loops that sound like a real drummer but most of the time the parts are not exactly to my liking and the sounds are too processed or not processed in a way that I would like . This plug in lets me do midi loops , puts a human feel to them , allows me to modify the sounds of the loops any way I want and has great sounds right out of the box , all for under $ 70 . This product is highly recommended for any drummer who is making demos and for anyone else who does n't play drums and want some great loops and some great sounds .
 Hello , I 've been dealing with recording software since the Commodore 64 , I 've pass for many situations with many different software and hardware , but nothhing like trying to install EZ Drummer in Windows 7 . I have to call an expert to help me , finally we made it and the sound is amazing , I think it 's a very good software for the money . In the other hand , I 'd installed in other computer with Windows XP and it was a piece of cake , very simple and easy ... Highly recommended ... But take your time and some patience to go trough the installation and registering process .
 First off , I would like to say wow ! This program does exactly what it is designed to do very well ! It has really opened up my options for recording . The drums sound and more importantly FEEL authentic . The install process was painless , if you ca n't follow these instructions then I doubt you have the capability to record drum tracks anyway . For windows 7 users simply install the disc , go to the website and input your serial number and download the updates . Then when you start it up -LRB- whether its the standalone program or in your DAW -RRB- it will give you all the information you need to authenticate your machine on the site . Super easy , I promise !
 I have been using drum machines -LRB- literally the old hardware ones in the beginning -RRB- . Started off with a dr-505 and then an alesis -LRB- Forgot the model number -RRB- and for the past decade have used various samplers and session drummer 2 recently . They all suffered from the same problems and I just lived with them , because I did not have a lot of money to spend . My main problem was doing drumm rolls or sixteenth note high hats always sounded machine-y . With this kit everything sounds incredible , so much soo that I can even fool myself into thinking a real drummer is playing it . I got this with the Metal Expansion and I love it , I really love it.Here is an example of what I did with it the first night I got it
 I 'm in a New York based metal band , we gig every few weeks , and we write a lot of music on our macs . We love EZDrummer . We all have Garageband installed -LRB- and I have Digital Performer and Pro Tools which I 've used for decades , but I just like the ease of use of GB for song demos -RRB- , we have EZ installed , and we share our files in Dropbox . Our drummer is an excellent musician and a real stickler for drum sounds -LRB- as are most of us -RRB- and he loves the sound of EZ drummer and loves how easy it is to make great sounding recordings just by playing on his midi kit at home.We 're writing tons of music and EZ drummer is a big part of making that fast , simple , and streamlined , and it sounds frikkin great .
 I have to admit . I was one of the stupid people that could n't figure out how it worked . I had no previous knowledge on VSTs or plugin so I had to do a little of research to figure it out . It seems to me that this is kind of common sense for a lot of people so not a whole lot of information is out there . Anyway , I use a mac under garageband is located under the instrument list under the plug in dropdown menu . Choose this program and now click on manual -LRB- edit -RRB- and the window with the program comes up -LRB- sorry I do n't have the program opened -RRB- . Anyway good quality drums , very realistic sounds . It eats up quite a bit of memory if you use more than one track . 250MB per track so just becareful when dropping drum sounds as too many tracks can useup all your memory and cause the program to crash . The only thing I do n't like is the 2/2 and 1/2 fills . they have to be trim cause they drop as 4/4 beats leaving two or three beats blank . That 's no big deal but could be cumbersome .
 Decent plug-in drumer sampler . Had some trouble getting two of the parts to work correctly , but sounds good and overall works fine . Have since found other plug-ins I like better , but this one is good for the price .
 I 'm a songwriter/guitar player and this software makes my practices and songwriting much more inspiring . I highly recommend it ... just pace yourself on buying all the other drum kits :-RRB- Have fun .
 Product works well with cubase.fairly seamless operation.Getting the software downloaded is a bit of a pain as many others have expressed , but other than that ezdrummer is a welcome adition to my library .
 For recording I personally want a live drummer , but do n't have the equipment to make that happen yet , EZ drummer has very solid samples of a pop/rock drum kit that can fit in almost any genre . Ca n't beat it for the price , and thus far no one but my professional recording friends have even known it was n't live . But make no mistake , there is a fairly extensive list of loops already programmed in there to use if you are n't drum savvy but to get that real drummer feel and sound you will have to punch in the midi yourself and custom it up , but the time is worth it for the end product .
 Easy install , u just have to download the updates @ toontracks site after u register . great interface easy to use . recently upgraded to superior for all the mixing options . everything works seamlessly . i have the Meatalheads , Cocktail , Drumkit from Hell for EZ and NY avatar for superior . Gon na get the metal foundry next and im set . Also , get EZ Mix while ur at it . loads of preset plugins for any recording situation . saves alot alot of plugin memory when mixing .
 This software exceeded my expectations . I highly recommend this as a `` must have '' for creative music production . Since drum tracks are the foundation of of any contemporary music production , this software will ensure that you can move through the production process with ease and confidence that your track starts out the right elements . Amazing quality and more -LRB- way -RRB- affordable than anything in its class .
 Works like it 's supposed to work and that 's all I really ask . user friendly and that 's always a plus for me
 I purchased this to use with my Pinteck drums and a Roland TD10 module and solo drummer . I am very satisfied with the product .
 Product does what it claims . Great drum sounds and so far , easy to use . I just started working with it and I 'm sure there 's more to learn but so far I 'm very pleased
 So i read all the reviews for this and i read the one and two star ones about people not being able to get it to work properly . But i got it to work properly very easy ! I have an old laptop with only 4 Gigs of memory with a couple music programs including Guitar Pro 6 , Tux Guitar , and Sony Acid Pro . When i first got this program and installed it that required the internet to go do all this funky registration process which was kinda a pain . But after it was all installed i tried using Sony Acid Pro with midi tracks from Guitar Pro and then going on using the Plug-in for EZDrummer . But like one of the lower reviews i read , it kept crashing . Which at first i was really upset because i thought that i did n't have enough memory on my laptop and that i just wasted 70ish bucks . But i did a little searching on the Toontracks website and found there free program specifically used for running EZdrummer as a standalone product called SOLO . I went through the whole download this and that crap with them and once i got it opened , EZdrummer was there and working great ! ... As a standalone product which the most you can do is touch the drums with your mouse and it makes a noise . Not very practical ... But what i ended up doing is going into the grooves section and going into My Midi Tracks -LRB- or whatever its called -RRB- and double clicked which brought you to the folder screen in the designated file with another midi track all ready in there called dummy . I went searching through my Midi 's and grabbed one and copied it over to the folder . I clicked out of the folder once it was successfully put into it . Then BAM ! IT WORKED !!! It works perfectly and sounds amazing!So i guess if your someone like me who uses Tux Guitar or Guitar Pro to create drum tracks to solo projects and do n't have a studio with mics and drum sets , musically talented drummers , or is not talented on the drums , then doing it this way will work and has worked for me and sounds amazing !
 I use this product for my drum sequences directly from my DAW -LRB- Sonar 64-bit -RRB- and I had no problems integrating with it . This product does what it 's supposed to do
 Just received the product yesterday , after a few hours attempting installation , I got it up and running on my laptop and desktop . I highly recommend this patch for windows 7 , -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 ; after installation and restart ... they work perfectly.The product itself works exactly as it should ; I also installed the Jazz add on . I highly recommend this for anyone wanting a drum machine , added drums and any kind of music accompaniment . Great product Toontrack !! Even better at the $ 70 price range and $ 30 for the Jazz add on .
 I have Cubase 4 , Reason3 , Drum addition to Reason . I am using this with Alesis DM5 electronic drum set . Cubase and Reason do n't come close to how real and full sounding the EZDrummer sets sound . I am really appreciating this product .
 For a working musician this software is a must have in ur arsenal . It makes ur life easy n cheaper than hiring a professional drummer . Though this is professionaly recorded I rate it 5 *****
 EZdrummer is absolutely incredible ! The sounds are amazing , the interface intuitive and simple , and it 's easy on my computer hardware . I 'm already saving up for a new electronic drum kit to trigger this bad boy , and I 've got my eye on a few of the other kits that Toontrack offers.Buy EZdrummer . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I would reccomend this product to anyone who is into writing there own music.It is easy to install and very easy to operate in your prefered DAW program -LRB- I am using sony acid pro 6 which is also very user friendly -RRB- . So if your serious about writing music and you need a drummer then get this because it kicks -LSB- ... -RSB- !!!!!!!!!!
 Bought EZ Drummer on sale for under a hundred and that to me is a fair deal . The sounds are great and if you use them to replace the sound of an electronic kit or in your recordings , it will really make your stuff pop . Especially the cymbals . 4/5 because I wish it had more kits - maybe even a smattering of the older DFH sounds would be a nice bonus . I have a feeling though when BFD Nano hits Q2 ' 10 , this product will take a hit at it 's current price . This is really $ 79 to $ 99 software but no more .
 I 'm a bit baffled by some of the reviews here . I got EZDrummer recently and I 'm very happy with it so far . Let me clear up a few things :1 -RRB- It 's a virtual instrument -LRB- says so right on the name -RRB- . Apparently some people do n't understand what that means . What that means is that you plug it into your favorite `` main '' sequencer program -LRB- FL Studio , Cubase , Mixcraft , whatever -RRB- and use it from there . Actually , EZ Drummer * does * come with a stand-alone program as well , but it 's mainly a virtual instrument . Complaining that you need to buy a sequencer to use it is like complaining that you need to have a computer or an operating system , or a disk drive , or a power outlet . Duh ! That 's it 's nature , and it 's well understood .2 -RRB- The licensing is not * that * bad . Here 's what it is
 I have several drum programs -LRB- Session Drummer Three , Studio Drummer , and Stylus RMX among others -RRB- and EZDrummer is pretty decent . It is not great because you get nowhere near the control you get with something like Stylus . The base package has a reasonable but not very robust number of kits and midi patterns . I think it is more an entry point to get you to buy expansion packs . That is fine as far as it goes . It is at least easy to get things going once you install and start to use the package , especially if you have used this type of software before . Now ... the intallation issues . If you follow the instructions I am going to give you you will not have any problems . Otherwise , your mileage may vary ! For the record , I am on Windows 7 64 bit Professional . Here goes ... 1 -RRB- Get onto ToonTrack.com and immediately create an account for yourself . Use your account to register your copy of the software . Note that I said to do this FIRST , BEFORE you even try to install anything . Stay on this web site because you have to be on it to activate the software . Registration and activation are two separate things . Activation is a PER COMPUTER thing .2 -RRB- Now that you have an account and have registered your product , you can go to the download section for support and get the latest patches for EZDrummer , the Cocktail Lounge kits package , and the standalone application . It is very important to get BOTH the 32 bit AND 64 bit update patches for EZDrummer . You do NOT have to get the downloadable copy of the EZDrummer software . It wo n't help you . It is actually at least as out of date as the 2 year old software on the DVD it ships with . Yes ... this is a complete disgrace and should not be this way ! It will want to put this program in the Program Files -LRB- x86 -RRB- directory . Do n't worry about this for now because eventually when you get around to the 64 bit patch you have the option to move the application and VST to a better location . Hang tight and follow the steps ! 3 -RRB- Install all the software on the DVD but DO NOT try to launch it standalone or use it in your DAW at this point .4 -RRB- Use the zipped patch files you downloaded to update the drum kit and the standalone application . There is just one patch for each so nothing to worry about there .5 -RRB- Now ... this is important . You have to FIRST use the 32 bit patch to update EZDrummer to the current version of the 32 bit application . Do this and afterwards ... once again ... DO NOT try to launch the application standalone or in your DAW .6 -RRB- Finally , use the 64 bit patch installer to update the application to a 64 bit app and VST . This patch installer gives you the option to put the VST in a more intelligent place so you can see it in your DAW 's default VST folder if you want .7 -RRB- After this you can launch the standalone version of the program or try to load it into your DAW . It will ask you to enter the activation code and will provide you with the computer code . The computer code is what you enter on the ToonTrack web site . It then uses this to generate your activation code . Once you get it you paste it into the window in the VST and the it is now ready to rock and roll -LRB- or jazz or samba ... -RRB- Hopefully this set of steps helps people avoid a lot of grief . ToonTrack really have to get their act together to put a coherent installer together and update the software .
 Hands down the best drummer I 've worked with . Shows up on time , has no ego , and has no psycho girlfriend to deal with . Oh and did I mention that it sounds amazing?I love this software . I 've had it for two weeks and fell so in love with how easy it is to use that I just ordered all the expansion packs.I was trying to use Session Drummer2 that came bundled with Sonar 7 . It was awful . Took me two recording sessions to figure out that it would be forever useless . I now use EZdrummer exclusivley.There is no end to what you can do with this software . Drag and drop and then edit the clip if needed . Just go to toontracks website and check out the video . If your not sold then get a real drummer.But if your like me and you live in an apartment and you are tired of using drum machines that sound , well machine like . Then this is for you.As for the whole registering it thing , it ai n't that bad . In fact it was no harder then when I loaded up Sonar and had to go thru registering that .
 I 'm giving EZ Drummer 4 stars for the CONTENT . But not forthe `` ease of installation '' ... . what a pain in the neck.The files on the DVD are dated 2009 - and are NOT compatiblewith any current Windows 7 installations out of the box ! Aftermany attempts to install , on a brand new fresh install of Win764-bit , it just kept bombing out in the installation . So Iwent to the Toontrack web site - they do n't have an email anywhere , only a forum -LRB- which is pretty sparse -RRB- and a `` support '' wizard.After filling in the wizard -LRB- which you can only do after youregister at their site -RRB- , I did find the error I 'm getting - Windowserror 1308 . The FAQ here states basically `` the files on the DVD arereally outdated so you need to download the current version fromyour Toontrack account '' ... . it 's a 700MB DOWNLOAD ! It 's not a hugeissue or deal breaker , but I just wanted to warn others to not evenbother with the DVD . Chuck it in the bin.I just do n't understand why they are shipping 2.5 year old softwarethat is n't compatible with current operating systems . Pretty low class.The drums ? Awesome ! Once you get past the bizarre installation ritual , the plug-in is excellent . Works very well with REAPER DAW software .
 I own the following Virtual drummer plug-ins
 Ok first off , the drums sound great but there are a few things to keep in mind if your looking at this software for the first time.This is a virtual instrument NOT a DAW so if you just need to use the pre made grooves that come with it fine . If you want to create your own drum tracks you WILL need to buy other software to do that , so far most of the free DAW programs do n't play well with this one.This software does come with a program that allows you to play EZdrummer as a standalone but aside from the mixer controls and beat per minute adjustment you wont be editing the tracks.The groove styles available are : Pop/rockFunk/rockMotownBalladBaiaoSambaThese are available in many different timings with fills for each style.Now for the bad partIf you 're running Vista 64 bit -LRB- and I 'm assuming Windows 7 -RRB- the disk is useless , the serial number on the CD case is what you really need , here 's how it goes : Go to the toontrack websitecreate an accounttype in the serial number -LRB- but do n't authorize it until you finish everything else , read on -RRB- now download the newer version of EZdrummer , Toontrack solo and all the patches for themnow install EZdrummer from the download , patch it -LRB- pay attention to the instruction with the patch it 's kinda weird if you running the 64 bit version -RRB- finish updating everything else then authorize it.I can understand that the disk comes with an out of date version of the software but when you download it straight from the site I think it is messed up that you still have to turn around and immediately patch the stuff.Bottom line
 The software itself -LRB- sound/interface -RRB-
 I spent months downloading all kinds of demos for other software and most were decent , but EZ Drummer stood out from the crowd for me . I 've used it for so many things that I 've grown accustom to not having a real drummer.I still prefer a real drummer , but it 's very difficult for me to duplicate the results I get from EZ Drummer by trying to record an acoustic kit in my apartment.I use EZ Drummer inside Reaper and the results are nothing shy of amazing . The variety of kit options , the massive library of patterns and the ease in which you just drag and drop from EZ Drummer to the Reaper track and disco!It 's fantastic for working on arrangements without having to limit myself to rehearsals in order to get a feel for how the arrangements developing . I can put together a demo that sounds better than a lot of studio albums that I hear being released these days and present it to the band for their input.I still prefer the real thing for the finished product , but EZ Drummer allows me to do so much more than I was ever able to do before.The expansion packs make EZ Drummer a nearly never ending resource for rhythmic inspiration.I 'm not sure how it would work out for hip-hop or similar styles as there are plenty of other options for those styles of music . EZ Drummer is more suited to mimic a session drummer that never gets tired and plays the track perfect every time.The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is for very small things that most people wo n't even notice . I 'm a software developer by trade so I get really nit picky about the details.I would not hesitate to suggest this software for anyone who could benefit from having the next best thing to a real drummer to work with . If you can find a better value for the price , I 'm all ears .
 It 's a bit hard to program at first , but once u get used to it this is a great starting program . I use the axiom 25 to control the drums and i can record in real time . The sounds are incredible
 Great product I do n't know a ton about music but this software makes it easy for me to run through beats to find something that matches my song . Planning on getting the drumkit from hell also . Great price on amazon as well
 This is a great program ! The user interface is easy and drum patterns are easy to find and use . Grab a pattern you like , drag it into your DAW , then tweak to your hearts content . It really is `` EZ '' for musicians who need to track drums without a real drummer this is a must have . I use it with apples GarageBand and Logic Express and it integrates easily . As a metalhead at heart I also purchased the drum kit from Hell expansion pack to go with it . Could n't be happier . The drums sound great and are easy to tweak . The available expansion packs for all kinds of genres make it really versatile too . Thumbs up , big time .
 Toontrack 's EZ Drummer is a lifesaver , ideal for those who write their own songs , but do n't have access to a real drum kit.After install , I was up and running and ready to add some decent sounding drum tracks to my songs . Very easy drag and drop format and plenty of grooves to choose from . You can create a song anywhere from rock , pop , punk , and more , or you can even create beats yourself . Works great with Sony Acid Music Studio for me.It took me no time to create my first song . After a couple of hours recording some guitar and bass tracks , I just had to fill in the blanks with EZdrummer . It took me no more than five hours to have a decent sounding demo to share with friends -LRB- and that 's with multiple guitar/bass takes , rehearsing , mixing , and more . . -RRB- As other reviewers have commented , there are a fairly limited number of drums and cymbals to choose from , but to get the full effect of the product , purchasing an expansion pack is highly recommended.Set up is easy enough - however , you do need to register the product before use . Easy enough , and it only takes a minute . Just copy a couple of codes and fill out some contact info and you 'll be good to go.A great product at a FANTASTIC price on Amazon , and an especially great deal on shipping with Prime .
 I upgraded to this from the BFD Lite that came with my Pro Tools 8LE . This was much easier to use -LRB- I 'm pretty much a luddite singer/songwriter , if I can get it working , you can -RRB- and has TA DA ! ride cymbals , which for some reason BFD Lite did n't ! I can imagine there are more robust engines out there if you 're doing some heavy , heavy editing -LRB- i.e. ruining the music industry even further -RRB- , but to do what I 'm doing , which is demo work for American Ritual , it 's perfect . My drummer hates the concept of drum machines , and he was blown away by my latest demo 's drum sounds . He was shocked and probably a little scared , LOL!Grab it!KellVocalist for American Ritual
 EZdrummer from Toontrack is great . It was easy to register and install and has been great for me . I have also picked up EZdrummer Electronic expansion pack while on sale here at Amazon.com for $ 40 . The loops are easy to use , and I also have mapped them with my Yamaha DTXplorer and put down my own beats as well . Great quality sounds for laying down beats in garageband 09 . After much debate between EZdrummer and BFD , I went with this and have been very happy with my decision so far .
 This could very well be the best software-based drum plug-in in existence . It sounds too good to be believed . Each drum/cymbal must have been sampled at least 10 times at different velocities to get this type of realism . You also have a varying selection of drums to choose from and each individual drum and symbol can be switched . The slider board is fantastic as well ; the room reverbs this program uses are amazing.Both the Rock and Cocktail drum kits sound fantastic and the expansion packs I 've used so far -LRB- Nashville , DFH , and Vintage -RRB- are equally indispensible.I 'm literally stunned by how well this product sounds . It 's that good .
 I am very impressed with this product . The drums do sound as realistic as the advertisements claim . This has been worth every penny for me . Make sure you have a good MIDI Sequencer for your computer that you know how to use or is easy to learn . You do have to wait a few minutes every time you open the plugin for the sounds to load into your RAM , but once it 's loaded it works fine . This is a good buy !
 A breeze to install on my mac mini , simple to use with Garageband . The bad reviews here are bizarre , written by inept people who either ca n't handle the install or have a buggy PC or OS . I was up and running 5 minutes after I tore off the shrink wrap from the packaging.There 's plenty of specs/details/videos on the interwebs about this software , go do some research , see if you like it . It 's way better than the drum kits that come with Garageband and there 's plenty of kits to expand with . I got the Vintage Rock kit and I love it - almost as much as I love pizza , which I will marry some day . I like a cheese pizza . Some call it `` plain '' but with the right blend of sauce , cheese and crust , there 's nothing plain about it - it 's somewhat complex , much like myself . We are a perfect match , pizza and me . We go together like shoo bop shoo wadda wadda yipitty boom de boom . I 'm not exclusively a thin crust guy , sometimes I dig something a bit thick or an all out deep dish.The only weak point in this pizza I mean software is that you ca n't do a cymbal swell . Apparently , it 's the same with all these virtual kits , regardless of brand , but it would be nice if someone -LRB- toontrack -RRB- would address it by including a `` side stick '' attack on the crashes . If you try to do a cymbal swell , you hear the initial stick-on-cymbal `` ting '' with each attack , so it 's kind of a `` ting-ting-ting-ting '' sound instead of `` bwooooosssshhhhh . '' I 'm sure I can find a bwoosh loop without a ting-ting . Bwoosh loop - no ting-ting . Do I get a fortune cookie with that?Pizza time!Ohhh , myyyy loooove ... my darlin ' ... I hun-ger for ... . your crust ...
 I love my copy of Greeting Card Factory 4 . I recently used it for invitations for my son 's birthday party . They turned out better then I expected . They looked as if they were professionally done . The party was a big hit
 I got this to encourage my dyslexic daughter to do more writing . She enjoys playing with it . She does n't think of it as an `` educational toy , '' which is good , yet I think she is getting in a lot of good writing practice . It works well -LRB- we have it on a Mac -RRB- and it has a lot of cool features , like a password-protected journal and a feature that will read back what you have written . You can even add sound effects . I 'm glad we got it .
 This is a good program , my daughter got board with it more quickly then I would have thought but we still pull it out when she has something to write for school . Nice printable boarders and pictures for the text boxes .
 Appropriate for younger children or children at lower level of cognitive development . Bought it for middle school language learners . In general , they enjoy it . Easy to navigate .
 I 've tried to use Act and Outlook to help my sales and marketing efforts . I 'm now using Maximizer 7 and it 's by far the best . Unlimited user-definable fields , contacts , and notes are just of a few benefits . I capture over 100 custom demographics and other info about each of my clients and create form letters , emails , tracking reports , and more . This is the best contact manager / customer relationship management -LRB- CRM -RRB- program in its class .
 I found this software , actually the `` Maximizer 8 '' after sending back Act 2005 which was , without doubt , one of the worst software upgrades I 've ever tried . Maximizer is actually much more user friendly and has many more user defined fields . It has a built in phone dialer , word processor and all of the features of Act plus more . It was simple to import my Act database and it 's much faster than 2005 or version 6.0 . You can make your own layout , has lots of user defined pull-down menus and short cuts that save time.Never heard of this program before a couple days ago , but ca n't say enough about it thus far .
 My company has been using maximizer for over 7 years and it is very much indispensible to our business . Currently we are using Maximizer 7 and is without a doubt the most valuable software we have ever purchased.Good news - exceptionally good at managing very large client lists , allows for custom templates -LRB- saves oodles of time -RRB- , fast program , allows unlimited custom user defined fields , you can intergrate seemlessly with Outlook and keeps a record of emails , simple to install , fairly easy to learn , easy to upgrade.Bad news - limited ability to sort your records -LRB- ie ca n't sort according to your custom user defined fields such as file # -RRB- , word processor -LRB- Maximizer Editor -RRB- is weak , program shuts down sometimes , copying & pasting pictures or spreadsheets with MS products -LRB- Word , Excel -RRB- is not easy , backing up properly involves first backing up within Maximizer then backing up your server so that 's time wasted , if you change the dates for a user define field task the program does n't seem to erase the original date and reminds you on that date as well as the correct date.Overall - some significant limitations , but you will not find better client management value for your money .
 When listing this product , I could n't resist but see what an interactive storybook was like . To my pleasant surprise it not only provides you with some interaction through other activities but actually read this book to you like in a fashion that would really aid in reading and encourage books.It opens the book and you can chose the `` read this book to me '' feature . It looks just like the regular Little Golden Book on the screen . It opens and the words are just as they are in the paper book -LRB- a big plus I think -RRB- and highlights the words as it reads . It flips pages just like a paper book.This is a good find ! I will be posting the same review on the similar interactive books .
 After quickly completing the challenges in Rollerocaster Tycoon 3 and the Soaked ! Expansion pack , I was excited to find the Wild ! Expansion pack that offered many more new features . After all of the challenges are completed , I look forward to creating custom scenarios to enjoy over and over again .
 The amount of off the wall choices this game gives you is very nice . The amount of customization is astounding . The custom stalls and signs is a very nice touch . The scenarios are nice , more then Soaked but still not enough . Sandbox mode is still very fun . Overall , this game is a good buy for the price and is the best Tycoon game out there .
 I own all 3 expansions and together they give a little bit extra to RCT3 's score . I think the orginal RCT3 was a huge step up from the Rollercoaster Tycoon and RCT2 . I loved the original Roller Coaster Tycoon and whats great about Rollercoaster Tycoon 3 is that there is no need to reinstall Rollercoaster Tycoon . RCT 3 has great graphics , almost real looking peeps -LRB- as they are called in the game -RRB- , great buisness simulator , and terrific rollercoaster building as well as building other rides . In Thrillville you do n't have any flexability to design your own rollercoaster track or to think about where to put it . I love buisness simulators . Yes I am a sucker when i see the name Tycoon lol . Rollercoaster Tycoon definatley gets a trophy for being the first to use Tycoon in its name and yes there have been some awful games using the tycoon name.Some people scoff at the idea of zoos at amusement parks but in 2008 think about it
 This is a great series of theme park simulation games !! I love the new feature of being able to add animals and animal themed rides to your park , but there are a few cons to this . 1 . The animals ca n't walk on hills or any kind of slope ! The ground has to be perfectly flat for them to walk on it . 2 . The animal houses are huge ! The small herbivore house is bigger than the carnivore house ! 3 . The animals are completely oblivious to their surroundings ! They do n't care what kind of trees or rocks are in their exhibit . Despite all these cons , it still is a great game . Some of the new rides are really cool , like the giant ferris wheel -LRB- it can hold most of your park if its the first thing you put in in sandbox mode -RRB- and the new thrill rides . All in all , it is a really cool expansion pack , much better than soaked .
 I love this game . It is very fun cuz ther is 9 new scenarios 8 new coasters . And the coaster cam . graphics are great and ther is the animal safaris ther is gorillas leopards lions and more !!!! . and say hi to more characters a new staff member and a v.i.p. member !! . The game play is good makeing roller coasters is fun in this game . You can make small zoos to . And the peeps are smart for game peeps . This game has a sand box wear you make parks with un limited money and a career mode . So stop wanting a expansion pack with your roller coaster tycoon game and by this game . P.s. if you want to no more make a coment .
 I LOVE ALL OF THE TYCOON GAMES . In this 1 you can make animal safaris and new coasters like a track that splitts and new flat rides . you can ride the rides to . I love to make roller coasters and if you like to make them to get this game you will LOVE IT JUST LIKE I DID . And the game has good game play and it is not hard . So i think this is a good and FUN GAME !!!!!!!!! so get it now .
 Great add-on to a great game . Lots of fun and the kids love it also !
 Great detail on animals and what they can do ! Great game !
 I decided to buy this expansion a year maybe after it first came out , and truly , I regret waiting ! The idea of a safari park is a bit unusual , but I believe that it was handled pretty well by `` Wild ! '' . Really , it 's a cool and unique little idea to mix Zoo Tycoon and Roller Coaster Tycoon , but a lot of people see it as ridiculous . It is ridiculous , but in a good way . A creative way.I 'll stop here before I start drolling.In short , I give this game ... expansion pack ... a good five stars . After all , it rekindled my love for Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and the additional stuff really does improve the base game . That 's just my opinion .5 Stars !
 RCT keeps coming out with better graphics and more fun ! Each park is challanging in the variations offered . An absolute good time that makes it hard to stop playing .
 This is a great expansion for RCT 3 . You get to add animals and animal shelters for your guests to look at . They are very easy to set up and understand how to use.I only give it 4 stars because you do n't get much . You get animal stuff and some rides . At least it 's only $ 20 . Definitely buy it if you have RCT 3 .
 When imagining an expansion pack for a theme park game like Rollercoaster Tycoon , my mind does not immediately go to zoo animals and the like ; however , just as the water park additions of Soaked ! added a new and fun dimension to the game , the zoo additions of Wild ! create new challenges and add a greater sense of variety to RCT3 . The scenarios added give an additional 10-20 hours of gameplay , and the new scenery and features augment an already fine-tuned game . It 's just a great deal of fun and a great buy !
 I had originally installed RCT3 on my computer a year ago , and followed the instructions for getting the latest updates . The game was a blast -LRB- I 'm a fan of RCT1 and 2 -RRB- , and so I thought it time to get the expansions . I installed Soaked and Wild -LRB- in that order -RRB- , and suddently the game would n't work anymore ! I got an error that I had installed things in the wrong order -LRB- which is not true -RRB- , and it sent me back to the Wild installation disk to no avail . I tried downloading and installing patches from Atari , but things just got worse . As a last resort , I uninstalled EVERYTHING , and reinstalled from scratch RCT3 , then Soaked , then Wild . Now it all works fine -LRB- my save games are still there ! -RRB- , and the game is great once again!I think the reason I had trouble , is that I `` updated '' my RCT3 BEFORE installing the expansions , and that messes everything up . I just wish Atari would have handled this situation better . I definitely recommend the expansions -LRB- tons of cool stuff ! -RRB- , just keep in mind you may have to do a full reinstall to get them to work .
 I bought the gold edition at the store and I felt like I was missing out on a lot of expansion material . Bought this and I can say I am happy with the additional content . I do recommend this but you have to get both expansion packs , you ca n't just have one . I recommend this to any one of all ages who are fans of Rollercoaster Tycoon .
 I 've been a fan of Roller Coaster Tycoon since I was in high school , and I 've enjoyed each expansion set they have put out . This one is the best ! I love the addition of animals , and I will always love the idea of building my own zoo with an amusement park .
 I have been playing Roller Coaster Tycoon 3
 i did not recieve the first game you sent out . when i called you sent a second one by ups . i got it and my son loves it and he play it all the time . it was a gift for my son so i ca n't actually rate it for myself .
 To Improve a better display on your computer , -LRB- I thought this was great ! -RRB- buy a dell computer that provides extra memory space , and new display improvements , -LRB- if your computer 's screen is not big enough to play certain games , -RRB- more Sound devices , better backgrounds and apperances from the properties menu , has more space to store screensavers , background , and you can fit much more active desktop items than a IBM Laptop.it also improves speed with certain computers , and does not need a local network.it needs a wireless network , which can also be used for billboardsin RCT3 Wild ! and it also stores enough space to add pics for all billboards in RCT3 Wild !
 I love this game . I am so addicted that I can play for 8 hrs on the weekend . I 'm always coming up with new parks and new ideas . I 've only had 2 problems with wild exp . pack . First one is it freezes and second everything kept blinking on and off . I reinstalled it and it works now except the freezing still occurs . -LRB- I added this pack to my RCT3 gold-soaked edition . -RRB-
 Yes , you may think this is a very good expansion pack , but unfortunatly , it 's not ! Here are my complaints . . TONS of installation errors , especially if you install RCT3
 first why in the world do people compare it with zoo tycoon 2 ? this is so much fun i love it graphics ar so coooooooooooool !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it seems so realistic .
 Great Expansion pack , worth the 20 bucks , and yeah its only 20 not 25 sk29009 and whoever cant pay 20 dollars for somethin needs to get outta mommys basement and get a job .
 I played it at my friends house and Im thinking about getting it but ... Does it erase all your previous games that you saved ??? Help ME !!!!!! , UNDECITED
 In the Original RCT3 , there was no waterpark option and you could not build tunnels.In the Soaked ! Expansion pack , both of these additions were realized , but the tunneling had limitations that made it almost unbearable.Finally , the Wild ! Expansion pack comes along and creates a well-rounded video game that is both enjoyable and easy to use . The tunneling this time is automatic and is virtually void of drawbacks . The ability to now add animal exhibits to your park is great , and the new Challenges that come along with that are great . The best part of this expansion pack however , is the wide variety of new flat rides and the new scenery options . Both of these should 've been included in the original version , but for some reason -LRB- probably money-making related -RRB- they were not . Regardless , the game now features flat rides such as the S&S ; Skyswatter and a handful of new coaster types . Unfortunately , the coastrs are n't real types of rollercoasters , but protoypes based off of `` actual designs . '' Some of them are very cool , but they are often difficult to get the hang of because they are all different from the typical coaster layout . After a while though , you should adapt and enjoy these additions . I am with the other reviewer on this one , 2 expansion packs seem a little too much especially when they are priced so high and packed with such little content . However , if you have some money to spend and you are a fan of the series , plop some down on this item . You will undoubtedly find something to enjoy about it .
 I played this game when it was in Beta . It adds a bunch of Flat Rides to the game which is awesome . It adds some new coaster types too . It makes the experience a little better . The animals are a really cool edition to the game . For all of us east coasters , if you want to make a Six Flags
 Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 has been an enjoyable series at our house . Both my boys and I love playing the game . We had gotten the `` Gold '' version at Christmas which included the main game and the Soaked expansion pack . However , after that game got to be such a big hit with everyone , we ordered the Wild expansion pack . The animals in this are n't nearly as good or rich as those found in Microsoft 's Zoo Tycoon series -LRB- 1 or 2 -RRB- , but Zoo Tycoon does n't have roller coasters , midway rides and water parks to go along with it . The elephant ride that goes through the animal exhibits has been a hit -LRB- the camera view even jiggles like you 're really on a elephant -RRB- . The new coaster types included in Wild are good too , such as the Split and Multidimensional .
 I love Wild !!!!! This expansion pack not only gives you extra roller coasters , scenery , rides and what not . It lets you put animals in the park ! This is an awesome feature and gives you the tools to make parks that you never thought were possible . I have been waiting for them to come out with this expansion pack ever since Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 was released when I was 7 !! The game also comes with a slew of new levels and great features such as the ability to create water and laser shows . -LRB- I personally Lovvve the laser shows -RRB- . You can also create your own lion and tiger shows -LRB- Yeah that 's right just like Zoo Tycoon -RRB- . My favorite expansion is the animals . Just as in Zoo Tycoon , you have to create cages for them -LRB- If you do n't , you have to go out and shoot them with a tranquilizer gun yourself -RRB- If you abuse your animals , a helicopter will come and take them away . You can also create rides going through the cages such as the safari jeeps . You can see through the animal 's eyes just like the coaster cam , but this is the animal cam . -LRB- You can even see the animals go poop lol !! . -RRB- Buy it now !
 RCT3 Wild ! is quite an original idea , considering how many other terrible games have tried to copy Zoo Tycoon . I can safely say this is not one of them . You can build roller coasters right into animal exhibits . You ca n't exactly create the ` zoo of your dreams , ' but you can create the ultimate theme park ! Great buy !
 This is a very nice game just make sure your computer can handle the graphics otherwise it 'll run slow and become boring . Thank goodness for our laptop . My daughter loves to ride the coasters that she designs and because she loves Zoo Tycoon as well she is in Tycoon heaven with this one .
 The game has got it all now that Wild has been added . The only problem i have with any of the RCT games is in night time mode . My computer tends to slow signifigantly because there is so much going on . But i do n't care - I 'm having way too much fun . i somedays spend 3 - 6 hrs . just building parks . I 'm thoroughly addicted .
 I originally had the rollercoaster tycoon 3 gold game , which was the rct soaked expansion along with the base game . When I was looking through the internet I found this expansion pack . I decided to get it and it is still working brilliantly
 The Old Ones are coming back and their cult is returning in this remarkably entertaining action-RTS game . The premise is that a mysterious cult is somehow involved with a virulent plague spreading across the United States . Out of the legendary city of Arkham in New England , at the same time , a group of eight ex-soldiers and cops are getting their own treatment which bestows special powers on them . As the plague spreads , and the country is decimated , there are other survivors who stumble across the secret of Project Nemesis and the raise the supersoldiers from their slumber , research the enemy and plan a response . Some weapon specialists even fight alongside along with other survivors who join the band upon rescue in various missions.While Abomination 's creators compare it to X-Com they 're really very different games . X-Com is turnbased and has a detailed strategic-political-research layer in place over the tactical battles . You 've also got the Project Nemesis soldier with their special abilities in Abomination who , essentially , play a bit like fragile superheroes -LRB- they can die but you can play through without them as long as you 've got some recruits to do missions -RRB- without garish costumes . What they do have in common is a connecting series of randomly generated missions through which you drive your team and hope to keep them alive , gathering useful equipment and gaining experience to improve their skills.The art and sound/music in Abomination is very good , aside from the pixellated and poorly animated character sprites , and holds up quite well on a contemporary machine . It plays just fine without modification on my Windows XP box . Missions are short , by and large , which keeps you playing through them at an addict 's brisk pace to be rewarded with the list of salavaged goods , experience for your men , and a driving industrial soundtrack that somehow manages the feat of never getting old.This is n't a game without issues . The interface and AI settings for your squaddies can take some getting used to and you might find yourself befuddled by what they do unless you take the time to understand all the various AI settings and how they interact . It 's not very intuitive . And this is n't a tactical game for folks who like to pour over maps with plenty of time to polish up the-perfect-strategy-muahaha . This is real time but with timed-pausable order issuing . You 'll often be reacting as fast as you can even with the game paused so you do n't use up your pause timer quota . Employing hotkeys , while not a must , can be a big help . Very often I 'll find myself finding a relatively secure spot with cover and decent fields of fire and then use a scout -LRB- someone fast moving and set to not fire on the enemy -RRB- to lure the enemy into an ambush . Depending on the mission and what soldiers/gear you have readily available this is n't a one size fits all solution but it is a common theme in the game . Cover , evasion , surprise and concentrating firepower . These are critical and the other guy is n't waiting for you to sort things out in your own , sweet , time.Unlike X-Com you are given missions to do , sometimes several , and simply select and equip the squad before going in . And , unlike X-Com , there are a variety of missions . Rescue , search and destroy , sabotage , and even assassination missions for lone stealthy characters . Again , these are random so you 're often going to be using a subpar team due to casualties or green skills to deal with an unexpected mission-type and , within the mission , trying to adjust to movements or situations you had n't anticipated . However , as with all random generators , there will be a degree of redundancy . Unlike with many other such games , the real-time feel of the combat keeps you focused on the action rather than must feeling like you 've done it all before . The evolving nature of the threat changes foes and mission-types fairly briskly depending on the campaign setting -LRB- short , nomal , extended -RRB- you select.There 's also a very robust file system that unlocks information about the opposition as you progress . You also use this to access data on your team and equipment , as well as ordering replacement recruits and inventory management.This game has many strong and weak points . On balance it probably only deserves three stars . However , this is my review , and I 've enjoyed it enough to be playing on and off since the game came out in '99 so it gets 4 stars from me.Two other fine reviews are at avault and wargamer that cover the pros and the cons better than I could.It 's unlikely anyone will ever see this review . This is a very old game , fairly obscure , and there are only a few copies available -LRB- assuming the listings are even accurate - could be unavailable soon if not by the time you read this -RRB- . Still , there 's nothing else like this out there and it 's plenty addictive given the shortcomings I 've mentioned .
 If you have at least a beginner 's knowledge of spoken Arabic , this delightful language program is for you.Spin the wheel and choose your game-in Arabic , of course !! Fast-moving and addictive , you move from one game to the next , increasing your vocabulary and understanding of the language.This program does not focus on the Arabic alphabet ; if you find the Arabic letters intimidating at all-this will work for you .
 I am a frequent traveller to London . When I get there I always use the Underground . This program is a great help getting around .
 This is a great product . I love the fluidity of the adobe products and how they all compatible with each other .
 This is a great game to help your child -LRB- 3-5 -RRB- learn how to use computers . It 's easy , Elmo explains exactly what to do , and it has lots of colorful fun graphics . My daughter was mousing and clicking around like a pro w/i one day . Keeps them occupied when you need a few minutes to get something done and is a great alternative to watching videos because they 're learning and thinking while they play .
 This is a fun game it starts out easy and then gets harder as you go . It also teaches you about the environment .
 All i can say is great . Lots of fun ! My kids love it
 When starting a new business we purchased Select Phone , our business grew so fast it was unreal , we tried to do fliers on doors and it was a ton of work but with Select Phone we were able to target areas and mail the fliers , we turned a small buiness -LRB- landscaping and lawn care -RRB- into a 50,000 . a year business the 1st year all due to the fliers we mailed out . People toss stuff placed on their door so when mailed they get attention and at least read by the homeowners . We used a program to design post card size mailers in bright colors and we with the help of Select Phone helping us obtain addresses we got a great responce , try it what have you got to lose.Thanks so much , Jill Kruep
 Beyond TV 3 is a great DVR program . I use this program to pause and record Live TV and all the cool things that TiVO does without the monthly fees . Plus , at the Snapstream website , you can download updates to the software for free and if you want , you can download Beta versions of Beyond TV and experiment with it . The current release supports more than 1 TV tuner cards and 2 are enabled for free so you can record a show and watch a different one at the same time.Remote recording is great and I can schedule any recording that I want from any internet connected computer . Even better , I can stream Live TV and my recorded shows to just about any internet connected computer . Snapstream provides the TV / Program guide for free and is integrated nicely . The listings update automatically and you can search for programs well into the next week . Superfast setup to record an entire season of General Hospital or The Amazing Race.After just a few short weeks , you will have hours upon hours of shows recorded and you will be a true TV junkie . With a 250 GB hard drive , at the highest quality setting , I can record about 80 hours of MPEG-2 quality TV . Play with the quality settings and I can record more than 300 hours in very good quality . Do you know how many shows that is?You can also ShowSqueeze a recorded show which is Beyond TV 's ability to compress a large file -LRB- 3 GB 1 hour show -RRB- to a smaller -LRB- 1 GB 1 hour show -RRB- without losing quality . SmartSkip goes through your recorded shows and marks where the commercials are so you can skip through them easily . VERY HANDY!Even though my wife and I simply refer to it as TiVO , it 's not and is wayyyyyy better . Give it a try . It works flawlessly with my DirecTV satellite system . Good support by Snapstream and has good user forums and knowledge bases.Buy it . Bond with your TV .
 Although it seemed to install OK , I could n't get it to record for my life . I uninstalled and reinstalled twice . After lots of fooling around with the configuration I finally was able to record!This thing is absolutely great . One of the first things you come to appreciate is the free online TV guide . With the guide I can find my show easily and then tell it to record all new episodes . It then skips old episodes and will even follow the show when it moves from one night to another -LRB- i.e. goes from Wednesday night @ 7pm to Thursday @ 8pm -RRB- . Try that with your VCR!Recordings can take up a ton of disk space - about 2.4 gig per hour . Beyond TV has an option where it will shrink the disk space required after the show completes . You can tell it to do the shrinking during non prime-time so it does n't interfere with your usual work . Net effect is about 1/4 of the space is needed -LRB- .7 gig versus 2.4 gig -RRB- and I ca n't detect any quality difference !
 Beyond TV offers software that easily and conveniently records your favorite TV and cable shows.Several features make this software a keeper . The programming guide updates automtically , allowing the user to pick any programs for recording . A built-in search function assists when looking for that favoite show . In addition , when you 're away from home , Beyond TV and your computer will record exactly what you programmed.Just make sure you 're not using RealPlayer or Window Media when Beyond TV is recording . In some cases , we 've found , the Beyond TV software stops recording.Overall , an A + + + . Finally , perhaps the best feature , you can skip commercials .
 It is so easy to record your favorate shows . With a product called mpeg-vcr , you can edit commericals out in seconds . Then burn to dvd . Way better than tivo , and no monthly fees !
 Overall I give Beyond TV3 a 5 star rating because of all valuable tools it has given my computer . There are some limitations I have to work with , but they maybe a result of my lack of knowledge and/or required hardware . The computer I am using this program with has the following components
 Version 4 is better then version 3 . you can upgrade for free ! which is what i did . but over works great , using it on an ATI TV Wonder PRO .
 I love this software - has been upgraded several times and using the latest version now , with a Happauge HD tuner card in the computer . Works just about flawlessly as TV and recorder .
 Maximum PC was not kidding when they called Beyond TV 3 `` Better than Tivo ! '' I have been running this software on a computer I built with rather average specs for about 2 years . I use is as a DVR and a DVR only . There is no mouse or keyboard , just a TV connected with s-video and another of snapstreams products , the firefly remote . People are always impressed with it when they see it , it 's very stable and never crashes . the recording quality looks much better than that of TiVo and the features are , in most cases , far superior . I recoment the product A + + !!!
 This is a solid program . Record tv shows.I wo n't repeat what others have said about what all it can do so I will jump to why I gave it 4 stars.Beyond TV does not record in anyother format other then MPEG-2 . You can choose the quality of the file but you can not change MPEG video or audio formats . This makes the process of using popular DVD making programs like Vegas DVD architect , Nero , and Roxio Re-encode/transcode when making DVDs -LRB- witch takes a long time with slow processors -RRB- . In most cases you will find the video format -LRB- 720x480 NTSC 29.975 fps -RRB- ok . The audio format will cause programs to re-encode/transcode . So if you want to just record and watch shows this is a very good program . If you want to record and make DVDs then your better off finding something else .
 I have used the first version of this software for some time now . I recently received the new version 2.0 through the mail . I am quite happy with it ! The application is still simple to use and easy to understand even for the novice.It has some great features :1 . tons of text effects2 . over 1,200 frames and boarders3 . 600 + photo effects4 . the ability to clone5 . over 2,500 different photo projects6 . slide shows with music on your DVD player7 . Palm pilot software
 I do n't know anything about the rebate deal that someone complained about . I do n't understand how that review helps anyone - talking about the rebate . But to each his own.Listen , I have used this software on every single one of my photos in the past year . And I have gotten NOTHING but highest compliments on the photos . This is honest to God 's truth !! I have a page on a very very popular website about dogs , and everyone has complimented the photos - everyone who has seen my page . So photo explosion and nova are n't THAT bad , huh?You can do just about anything with your photos . I have had this for a year or more maybe - time flies when you are having fun . And it is every bit as fun as it was the day I bought it . What 's more ? I keep learning new things every time I use it . I use this to make calendars , labels , crafts , iron ons , make gag sheets like magazine covers , id name tags , body switches , the list is endless of what you can do in the project area.As far as the photo part , WOW !! The list is endless there as well . You can morph , put stars -LRB- bright sparkling ones -RRB- bubbles , adjust transparencies , even put a very realistic spotlight on the picture and choose the colors of it . You can antique the photos , - make it part black and white / part color . I just LOVE Photo Explosion.So , why do I give it four stars then ? Not because it is n't incredible , but just in hopes that Photo Explosion will use that to put more props in . I am a prop lover . And there are a lot . But for a prop addict like myself , I want MORE !!!! LOL!You know , I just do n't like when people post reviews while they are emotional from ONE bad experience . I do n't think that is fair to them . And I love this product . It really is worth it . Several people have asked where I make my pictures and I proudly tell them Photo Explosion . I came here to buy one for a friend in Scotland actually . And just had to make sure that you heard about the software and not about some resentful rebate confusion review . Have fun !!! You will LOVE IT ! I promise !!!!!!
 I thought it was excellent software . Very easy to use and great for whatever project you need to do .
 This software is so easy to use . It does n't have ALL of the uses that some software has but for the small time photo nut , this is perfect . It has a great array of frames . Very useful .
 Great program for the beginner and advanced , very user friendly . Lots of options and choices . I highly reccomend it .
 I 've been using this program for 6 years . I got the upgrade and hate it and went back to the old version . I have been able to do very professional effects with my photos . I started out taking photos of my children and now I 'm building up a photography business doing mainly family photos and children . I usually use spotlights , warm , dark , sharpening , artistic , tints , and edging with color fill to enhance my photos along with cropping . It did take me a while to figure it out and I still probably do n't use all of the features it offers , but I use what works best for me . I was thinking of upgrading to Adobe Lightroom , but I 'm unsure if it 's worth the money when I 've been having good results with this . It 's compatible with Window 7 even though it says that is is n't , but I have concerns about if it will consistently be compatible with computer upgrades . I could n't do anything with the 4.0 upgrade , so I would n't recemmend that . It was a big waste of money . However , I can do a lot with the 2.0 and have had multiple compliments and other photographers have asked me what effects program I use .
 I have owned this product for many years and love it !! I owned the previous rendition of the product and after using it for several years discoverd there was a new upgraded version . When I contacted the manufacturer they immediately upgraded me to the new Singing Coach Unlimited -LRB- for free -RRB- . -LRB- Have owned thier products more than 5 years -RRB- . I am not a trained muscian . I just like to sing at church and in the choir . I do n't read music so I find the program very useful for verifying I am singing the correct notes . No everything does n't work perfectly . I have not been able to get it to work on Vista but it runs just fine on an XP machine . I have imported a number of songs into the program and they work great . I have even tried writing my own within the program and it seems to work I just do n't have the patience to learn what I need to know about muscic to do it properly . If you can find a midi version of the song you want on the internet you can probably import it into the program . That is what I do and if you keep at it you can get it to work . You can also write your own midi and import it as another option for getting a song into the program . I imagine a trained vocalist would not find it as useful but it works for me and I would not hesitate to recommend it to a friend who likes to sing .
 I love to sing but realize that I 'm really not that good . I bought this item and am having loads of fun with it . I do n't know if this item will ever turn me into a singing sensation but I think my singing has improved with it . As a grown-up kid , I love the cartoons and it made the lessons more fun . I do have to jiggle the microphone sometimes in order for it to work but other than that , I am having a ball . I finally reached a 100 on one of my exercises and was totally thrilled . In my opinion , if you are serious about singing you may want to invest in a professional singing coach but if you just want to improve a little and have fun then this is totally worth it . I would buy it from Amazon though because it is cheaper . At $ 100.00 at some stores , I would not have been able to afford it ...
 I have tried several of the voice recognition types of software in both the phone and music industries . There are many nuances that play a part.The Singing Coach software is one of the best I have tried for accuracy and transition tracking . The graphical representation of the voice is the best I have seen.I did not like the classes section at all -LRB- I found it infantile -RRB- . They really could have put more time into the practice area -LRB- prepared more scales and intervals -RRB- . In the products defense , they did make it fairly easy to write your own scales and songs -LRB- time consuming -RRB- .
 We bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter-in-law . She says she feels she and her daughter are really LEARNING , and they are having endless fun doing it ! We feel it was a well-received and appreciated gift , and therefore , an excellent purchase . Thank you !
 This program had worked well for me on Windows 2000 . I never tried it on XP , having read about other users ' trials and tribulations . But , I have a new Windows 7 machine and I decided to give it a try . It works just the same as on Win2K . As others say , it 's rather juvenile in its user interface - to the point you 'd only want to use it in private if you 're over seven . But it gives you visual feedback on pitch , allowing very useful practice with a great coach .
 I love to sing . But I have never been able to carry a tune . All my life , when people heard me sing , they would wince . Friends have tried to teach me . `` Just sing this note , '' they 'd say , playing a key on the piano . It was hopeless . So I just restricted my singing to the shower , the car , and one or two VERY close friends . When I heard about this software , I almost wept . Visual feedback ! It was exactly what I needed . I just adjusted my voice until the line it was making on the screen matched the correct line.Four months after buying Singing Coach , I sang a solo at the World Science Fiction convention . And nobody was wincing . In fact , they were smiling ! Tapping their feet ! No more sitting at the back moving my mouth ! I can sing !
 This might be helpful for a few people . When I installed on a machine running XP there were frequent failures when running the program . However , there 's an easy fix that works for me - running it in Compatibility Mode for 98/Me . If you 're unfamiliar with how to do that : Right-click on the Singing Coach icon.Left-click on `` Properties `` Click the `` Compatibility '' tabClick the box to check for `` Run in Compatibility Mode for : `` Click the arrow on the right side of the blue boxClick `` Windows 98/Me `` Click OKGo run your program , hopefully it will work . It 's a wonderful program if it does.I also tried this on a machine running System 7 and could n't make it work.I do n't have a machine running Vista to try it .
 This is very cool . I am an up and coming superstar and this product rocks . Saves me a ton of money on vocal lessons and I get to have soooo much fun sounding as goods as I do .
 This was recommended at a workshop I attended . It 's what I was expecting except for the number of songs that came with it . I was expecting a larger number of titles , although I ca n't complain since there are 12 more free downloads that come with the package . Some of the lyrics are not the standard lyrics so it 's confusing for someone who knows the traditional lyrics .
 Maybe I 'm musically inept . But I wrote a MIDI file in 9/8 time and when I import it using this program , it comes out sounding all wrong . It seems it 's unable to compose or import anything in 9/8 . Can someone help me out please?Since there 's no forum for this software , I had no choice but to post here ... . Feel free to email me at JacobsJeff@gmail.comI've only owned this program for a day , so I 'm not fit to write a propper review yet . I love what I see so far , except that annoying no 9/8 thing .
 I received a brand new Singing Coach and am thrilled . The only thing still outstanding is the rebate from Singing Coach which I have still not received . Other than that I am extremely happy .
 I am very pleased with this product . It 's fun and educational .
 I bought this product for my daughter who has wanted to improve her singing skills . She wants to be an actress . It has helped not only her singing skills but also her confidence when it comes to singing . In addition to be very educational it was also alot of fun .
 As someone with no prior singing training , I found this software to be very useful and fun . I 've tried a few other items -LRB- Singing for Dummies , Idiot 's Guide to Singing , CD packages , pitch match software , etc. -RRB- . All were helpful in different ways . Singing Coach is fun in offering the chance to sing pop songs -LRB- using MIDI files -RRB- while receiving visual feedback on your abilities with pitch and timing . Singing Coach is also helpful in offering singing exercises with visual feedback . I 'd give Singing Coach 5 stars , but am annoyed with the difficulty in loading and using free MIDI files with the software , as well as annoyed with the developer 's attempt to steer the user to over-priced MIDI files . Otherwise , I am pleased with the product .
 The designers have done a very nice job . Excellent user interface -- I do n't see any `` bugs '' at all ! Extremely well designed and fun to use . No regrets . -LRB- No I do n't work for them ! -RRB- A few of the reviews have suggested this tool is more suited for beginners -- but it 's not . Here 's why :1 -RRB- You can choose from a variety of easy/med/difficult songs ; It might be pretty easy to sing `` Hot cross buns '' but not so the more challenging songs ; 2 -RRB- You can adjust the precision level to your ability , so that your pitch must be more precise to get the same `` score . '' In other words , you can make it as challenging as you want.I especially enjoyed the feature that lets you see your vocal range . -LRB- It confirmed my bass range -- So I should n't keep trying the Barry Manilow songs . -RRB- I heartily recommend this program . I am very glad I spent the money . Both fun and educational , all in one !
 I bought this so I can practice in my home and I am so glad I did . I take lessons from a really good vocal teacher and she recommended I use Singing Coach while I am at home to go along with her lessons . Very cool program and it has been a great help .
 Singing Coach Unlimited is a great product . My girlfriend tends to make fun of my singing in the car and claims I 've ruined many songs for her . Well since I bought the product , she thinks my singing has improved and I 'm no longer ruining songs for her . I enjoy the easy format that the software enables and the ability to download songs from the online store . My little sister likes the cartoon characters and finds them very entertaining . Although I 've only had the product for a few weeks , I think my singing has improved greatly . I would recommend this program for the singer in us all .
 Singing Coach Unlimited is a great product , and I give it two thumbs up . I have always grown up with music in my family and I can play my Tuba great , but when it comes to singing my wife would say I 'm no Elvis . I purchased this product to improve my singing secretly so that I could impress my wife at our anniversary . After practicing and practicing I felt and heard a dramatic change in my voice . And when I sung , `` When a man loves a woman '' to my wife I actually saw tears of joy as she had heard my newfound voice . When she asked me if I had hired a vocal coach I said no honey , I purchased singing coach unlimited and now we are both hooked on the software .
 I am an above average singer and want to take the next step to becoming a professional and found that my pitch accuracy needed some help . Problem is that I ca n't always hear when I 'm off pitch and have to depend on my husband to tell me - which is a pain when you 're a singer . I got this program for that purpose which is to train this very important part of singing . I would definitely recommend this program if you are a beginning singer - it will help with understanding the basics and pitch accuracy . If you are an intermediate singer or expert singer this can still help you - not in improving your vocal flexibility , range or tone -LRB- I recommend Brett Manning 's Singing Success CD set for that -RRB- , but if you want to improve pitch accuracy . I must say in the week that I 've had this , I think I 've improved . Yes it is a cheesy program - with lots of cheesy animated characters but it is easy to skip this stuff if it annoys you as it does me . I just wish that we could have more interesting songs on the program - the songs that already come with the program are songs like Amazing Grace and Danny Boy - which are good but get a little boring . This gives you 12 free downloads of better songs -LRB- i.e. pop etc. -RRB- but I do wish it was 20 or something like that . Would be nice if Carry a Tune had a bigger selection of songs - like I could n't find a single Jewel song ! That 's my only real gripe . I 'm pretty happy with it overall ...
 Bought this in August 2008 and I 'm very happy with it . I mostly use the song editor to create vocal exercises which I use to train with everyday . I 've never taken singing lessons -LRB- and ca n't afford them at the moment -RRB- , so this is a great way to train my voice and ears . The sing-along pitch tracking system had me singing on key in no time , at least while I 'm watching the screen . I have not had any problems running this program on Windows Vista 64-bit . The lessons are good for learning how the program works , though they are obviously geared toward kids . It 's fun to mess around on this with friends as well . For $ 20 -LRB- and I noticed the price is dropping further -RRB- , this program is WELL worth it .
 I bought the `` regular '' edition and upgraded to the unlimited . If you do n't have perfect pitch , this program helps you to know when you are on pitch . and give you exercises to help you to develop your ear and voice . Excellent for new singers .
 I was a bit sceptical when I purchased this product but was plesantly surprised to discover just how great this software is . Some other reviewers mentioned it is more geared toward children but it works great for adults too . I would recommend this product to anybody with only one little caveat , get a better headset to use with this . The headset that came with it died very quickly .
 I sing in a choir and am getting into solo performance . I 've been told I have a good voice but I ca n't always hit and hold the right pitch . I had a sense there must be software available for pitch tracking , so I did a Web search and found Singing Coach.This software is exactly what I needed . I would have been happy with the pitch tracking part alone , but the lessons are also very helpful . I get a kick out of the cartoon characters that teach the lessons . I also use the compose part to customize melody tracks for practicing when I ca n't find music on the Carry A Tune website or MIDI sources that sounds the way I want it.I think even for an experienced singer , this could be a `` quality control '' tool and it can help speed the learning of new material.Wish list :1 . Carry a Tune expands their library of songs on the website - a lot . It 's a good start but there 's a lot of missing material .2 . Let me modify downloaded MIDI melodies in Compose Mode .3 . A better , more comfortable headset with no Prop 65 warning needed , also higher mike sensitivity , and/or more mike gain in the software .4 . Maybe sell a professional version with the features above and more , I would be willing to pay $ 150 if it had these features and more.These are quibbles and not real distractions , it 's just I 'm really into this product so I 'd like to see it continue to evolve and grow .
 The Singing Coach program kind of does what it says it will do . It gives good advice about singing , it gives instant feedback about whether you 're getting the notes right , and it transposes the songs so that they 're within your particular vocal range.What it no longer does is give you the option of buying lots of other songs from their website because the website is no longer there when you click on the menu item that gets you to the website . That 's a disappointment . So the only songs I have are the public domain songs that come with the boxed program .
 I picked this product up recently and I have to say it is even better than advertised . It gies you everything it says it does and more and works great . The fact that I can see my voice on the screen is amazing and in real time no less.Thunbs up to the makers of Singing Coach !
 I am considered `` tone deaf '' the visual tracking system allows me to adjust my tone visually instead of only relying on my weakness .
 Product worked very well and reliably ... but I did not notice any big changes between the original version . It re-enforced what I had read in instructional singing books . U are able to not only hear , but see what u are singing , and as you improve , u can increase your difficuly level . I challenged myself by raising my difficulty level . I went from 50 % to 90 % . I would buy again.The biggest advantage to this product is it 's ability to train your ear . Not only hear your tones but see what u are actually singing . I took music lessons when I was younger and have a good `` ear '' , but for someone who never suffered through that experience , this will really improve your hearing -LRB- tone interpretation -RRB- .
 This is a fun singing coach and it has features that really helps . I really like that it can graph your voice and how high or low your voice is . It tracks the notes you are hitting while you sing into a computer microphone.I 'd recommend you read a good book on how to sing along with using this program : Singing for DummiesThis program touches on info like how to exercise your voice , how singing works etc. but if you 'd like lots more detail or another perspective this Singing for Dummies Book is a good one .
 The great advantage is that with this product I can now know whether I am singing in tune or not . Also , the graphics help you understand what you are doing wrong .
 I have taken professional singing lessons before , but I still found areas I can improve in using the pitch tracking features in Singing Coach . I enjoyed the lessons and the witty characters . But mainly I like to just jump in and use the cutting edge technology to watch my voice as I sing songs . With the import from midi feature you can practice any song you -LRB- or one of your friends -RRB- can play on a midi keyboard in addition to the ones Carry a Tune has on line . I wish I had used this back in high-school while practicing for competitions ! I could have practiced all the contest music while visually checking myself against the pitch tracking line.Singing Coach is very responsive ; I can even see how wide and how fast my vibrato is while I am singing . The microphone provided in the package records well and I can now use it for chatting online when I 'm not singing or working.Bravo , Singing Coach Unlimited !
 For would-be professional singers or even `` American Idol '' wannabes there are superior singing programs out there , but this sure seems to be the one that provides the most fun . This package is ideal for people who perhaps have never had a singing lesson ever and who have a hankering to improve their singing while having some fun in the process.The software adjusts to each individual 's vocal range , and the program begins with some valuable warm-up exercises . The interface employing a talking microphone , a singing squid , and the cute-and-sassy `` Carry A Tune '' female student character is clearly geared for children , but it 's certainly fine for teens and adults , as well.The lessons start VERY easy , and gradually work up to more demanding tasks about halfway through . Yes , it 's a bit hokey to begin with `` Hot Cross Buns , '' but the point here is that one must crawl before one walks or runs , and the use of very simple tunes allows singers to concentrate on getting just a few notes right before moving on to more complex note sequences.The theory behind the lessons is that by providing an onscreen guide to notes that tracks the actual frequencies associated with the singer 's voice , the student can learn to control the notes through a kind of self-adjustment feedback process . There are no miracles promised here , however , and if a person has an inborn tendency to waver or wander off key , I really doubt that the twenty lessons provided in the program will totally eradicate these problems.However , seeing where and how one has a tendency to miss notes is , in fact , helpful , and the learning process can be augmented through slowing down the inherent beats of songs . Once one masters the note changes while singing slowly , the metronome speed can be gradually increased . This is a very useful feature!What makes this package even more enjoyable is that the program doubles , essentially , as a vehicle for karaoke . One can download up to twelve free MIDI with lyrics songs from the program 's own website . These files are set up in the same way as the lesson tunes , i.e. , with words on screen and a tune/pitch guide that the singer follows as he or she sings the song . The choices of free songs is pretty limited , but fortunately , there also are links to a few MIDI karaoke resources where there are hundreds of additional songs available . These can be purchased at what I think are reasonable prices , and this way a user can establish as large a library of singalong while training files as one likes.Yes , the microphone headset provided is cheap , but it 's actually quite adequate for the task at hand -LRB- and as an environmental science teacher , let me assure people that the `` lead hazard '' warnings are a kind of pro forma thing ; only if you chew on the microphone are you likely to have any chance of experiencing ill health effects here -RRB- . The sensitivity of the microphone is not impressive , but it 's good enough for training purposes , and one can always purchase a higher-quality mike if need be.Overall , I think this program is a terrific value . It provides some real vocal training for beginners , turns itself into a kind of self-contained karaoke machine , and best of all , it 's FUN ! Highly recommended
 I 'm very enthusiastic about this product . Not only has Singing Coach Unlimited improve my awful singing , but it 's just such a fun product to use . Since I bought it , me and my friends gather at least once a week -LRB- we call it our karaoke night -RRB- and just have such an awesome time competing for the best scores . Soon I will be entering a talent show at my high school , thanks to Singing Coach I feel confident that my performance will get lots of cheers !
 Wow I never thought that I could walk into a store and buy a piece of software that got my computer to teach me how to sing . But wow one does actually exist . This is one solid piece of software that really makes a difference.I heard someone call it a `` vocal Coach in a box . '' Boy where they right on the head with that one . There is no way I could afford vocal coaching for all three of my children so this is a great subsitute.It gave them all the basic tools they need to learn about how to sing and it gives them a ton of ways of practicing and improving their skills . Lots of songs to choose from and really no end to the skills they can gain .
 I 'm an experienced amateur singer . I 've taken voice lessons , but I just was n't satisfied with my ability to sing in tune . This program has already helped me , and I 've just begun to explore it . It provides instant feedback , letting you know if you 're on the correct pitch . My only complaint is that it does not allow you to edit imported songs in Compose mode , and it does not import perfectly - a few notes did not import at the correct duration , and it does n't seem to import triplets . But it does so many other things so well , these are minor quibbles.Yes , it uses cartoon characters , but I enjoyed them . If you 've got a microphone stand up your rear end and ca n't imagine singing being fun , maybe this program is not for you .
 Wow ... This program is a testament to how really badly optimized windows really is out of the box . I have seen dramatic speed improvements . . in every area ... This product is worth every penny . It has made more of a difference than a ram upgrade to 512mb ... . I wish I had spent my money on this first . .
 I have been using this product since I discovered it in ' 03 . It definitely improves performance in many areas , including an exceptional internet optimizer and a handy forum dedicated to the program and various topics concerning computing . Customer service is # 1 and updates are fairly frequent . This is always one of the first programs I install after occasional reformatting of my PC . Definitely worth the money spent for this great product .
 I have been using XP Smoker and now XP Smoker Pro for a long time has always been trouble free and easy to use for both the novice and advanced user , I would and have recomended this program to anyone .
 I am a web developer whose livelihood is made soley on my computer 's ability to run right , run fast , every day all day if not then I dont eat . one of the Applications that help me accomplish this is XP Smoker.Ive been a fan of XP Smoker since its early days Since then I have have kept up with WareSoft and XP Smoker to its current version of 5.1 Danny Wareham is an intelligent programmer who has created in my honest opinion the Ultimate windows tweaking utility and I wouldnt feel right having a PC today that didnt have an installation of XP Smoker on it.Even if you didnt buy it for all its windows tweaks or its security settings and just got it for optimizing your internet , your money would be well spent . XP Smoker is the ONLY windows tweaking utility I have used that ACTUALLY MADE A DIFFERENCE in my internet speed and performance and I have tried them all . If your PC doesnt have XP Smoker get it quick , get it now , you will be glad you did .
 I ordered this product and it arrived promptly as well as packaging completely undamaged . Talk It Type It is a very handy product when your thoughts are coming faster than your fingers can type . Important to read all instructions and practice .
 Very well developed program for the young student of music . Can hook up your keyboard to your computer & work the lessons that way , or just use the keyboard , too . Teaches beginning tempo , rhythm , introduces the various concepts of all the differences in tempo , beat , etc. . Teaches about the grand staff , also has a `` doodle pad '' where kids can make their own music & hear it played back to them . Lots of fun !
 Harmonic Vision Music Ace 2Our eight year old son loves to play piano and keyboards , but getting him excited over learning how to read the notes on a staff or about time signatures was very tough . He just loved to play , but he did n't like working in a music theory workbook . Music Ace 2 is an interactive , thorough program that is fun for kids beginning to learn about music or even for kids that are just curious about it . The `` professor '' is your guide through about two dozen lessons and is very supportive and patient . The games that support each lesson are a lot of fun to play , and reinforce the lesson . An excellently designed program overall and well worth the price.The only drawbacks are that it is a bit dated . I purchased mine in June , 2007 , and it 's nearly identical to the one my son 's piano teacher uses . She says she purchased her Music Ace 2 in 1999 . Also , on our computer , the graphics do not display in full screen -LRB- our resolution is 1024 x 768 -RRB- and there is no way I 've found to maximimize the program to fit our screen.So , if you do n't mind an appearance that appears a bit dated , Music Ace 2 is an excellent way to get your children excited about learning music theory .
 The teacher , Maestro Max , talks and he 's encouraging and motivating.It 's animated , you hear the notes , it introduces classical scores from Verdi and others , it has engaging , challenging yet fun drills and exercises that really help in ear training , learning music theory , and more.Why ca n't other softwares and programs be more like this ? I haveMusition 3 Single User Student Edition for Windows , eMedia Earmaster 5andAuralia 3 Single User Student Edition for Windowsand they 're all boring and dull compared to this -LRB- although I kinda like Auralia because it goes to more advanced drills and exercises -RRB- But yes , why ca n't they all be fun like this one?It would be nice if Music Ace does the more advanced lessons too , like chords , intervals etc.There 's a trial/demo version for this at http://www.harmonicvision.com , try it : -RRB-
 This is by far the best product of its type that I 've ever encounted . Hours of fun and learning . It uses real music in its examples so there a bit of music appreciation in there as well . I highly recommend this product .
 Mapsend Europe installed easily and performs as expected . Downloading to the GPS was easy . A judgement on accuracy of the maps will have to wait until we return from Europe in October 2005 .
 I have quite a few greeting card programs - Printmaster -LRB- several versions -RRB- , Printshop , Announcements , American Greetings , and a few others that I can not recall right now.When I got a new computer last month , I realized that my programs needed to be updated due to printing difficulties , etc. . I began to search for the different programs to choose from.I heard quite a few bad things about Printmaster - the graphics , which I used to love so much , are said to be substandard now . The Victorian and other graphics seem to be missing.Printshop just never measured up to the old Printmasters.Announcements was OK , but antiquidated.Then I found the Greeting Factory Deluxe 4.0 . I read some good reviews on it , claiming that most people were happier with it than any other program that they ever had , including the older Printmaster , which had fantastic graphics.Although I am a graphic designer , I rarely have time to design cards for emergencies , which happen all of the time . I wanted a nice program that made good cards , but I REALLY missed the CUT AND FOLD ENVELOPES that Prinshop and Announcements used to have.I installed my Greeting Factory Deluxe this weekend and was literally shocked at the wonderful selection of cards , graphics , crafts , electronic greeting cards , projects , stationary , gift tags , and even the ability to make CD 's that you can have slide shows on your DVD player with.The cards are high class , and I especially like that they have a decent Christian selection with great verses and heartfelt sentiments - simple but pleasant.The absolute clincher for me was discovering many CUT AND FOLD ENVELOPES in the craft section.So far , I can not recommend this program highly enough . I have the new version of Printmaster coming soon , so I will see for myself how they compare and will add another review to that effect when I get the chance , however , if the reviews of it I have read are accurate , chances are that it will not hold a candle to this one .
 I have had a few greeting card programs in the past . I upgraded to xp this winter and needed a new card program for xp . I ordered one -LRB- a different brand -RRB- and did n't realize there was so few graphics and programs to choose from . A big disapointment . So I read the reviews for Greeting Card Factory Deluxe 4.0 and was impressed with the reviews and decided to order it . It had a 20.00 rebate too . I am sooooo impressed with this program and all you can do and the many different graphics you can choose . You can even create an e card and send it . I know I will enjoy this product very much . It is easy to do too . This product will be used often in my house .
 I bought this program because of what the other reviewer said . The graphics are great and it is easy and fun to use . I also have Hallmark , American Greetings , Printmaster , Print Artist and Print Shop , but I think I will be using this program the most . I like to make address labels and it has a way that you can put a different graphic on each label and print the sheet out one time.Its really a great program .
 I am so glad I purchased this program . A manual comes with it which is great since with most programs you have to figure every thing out by yourself . It does a great job burning slide shows to CDs and is a lot simpler then the programs that come with the cd burners . The cards are great and easy to edit . If it was n't for not having a UPC code , my family would think I have bought all the cards I 've made . I will diffidently not buy another Broderbund program again .
 I bought this program for my son 's birthday . When I got it home and popped it in my CD drive i found that the drive was n't reading the disc . This was a big problem ! I had invitations and a card to make ASAP ! I was MAD ! I called thier tech line and spoke with a technician . I was angry when I called , but they tech remained calm and helped me out . They got me up and going in a few minutes . As it turns out i just needed a new component for windows . I downloaded the program and i absolutly LOVE it . IT is versitiale -LRB- labels , cards , e-cards , ext. . . -RRB- and easy to use .
 This is the first card software I have purchased and will probably be the last . I ca n't imagine needing anything more to create these types of projects . The graphics are excellent and the interface is very user friendly . I did have one support question and it was answered quickly and easily with a short phone call . Phone support is of paramount importance when buying software or hardware and though Nova 's phone support is n't free , it was quick and effective . It is unlikely most people will need support with this software because it runs so smooth and nice . But it 's nice to know it 's there . I have developed the habit of sending my wife electronic cards every day and she loves them . They make her day at work a little more pleasant . I really like this software and highly recommend it .
 This is a functional greeting card creator . There are some minor issues , not being able to see the inside/back of the cards until you select them and having to figure out how to install the additional clipart is a trick with the poor instructions , but if you know anything about a computer , this software wont ' be a problem for you .
 I love being able to make my own cards . I 've gotten pretty creative with pictures and this program makes it east to do . If you buy nice paper , they look just like a Hallmark Card and there is a lot of variety in styles.The only thing I do n't like is that there is no choice for size , you have to use what the design says and sometimes I pick a design that I like but I think it would look nicer if I could do a regular 1/2 page card instead of the 1/4 size .
 I have used the same line of card software for years now . I ordered this wanting a change from my previous software . What a noticeable difference between the two . It amazes me that the creating process can differ so greatly from one piece of software to another , yet the end result is so similar -LRB- a greeting card -RRB- . I actually feel like I am in control of my projects with this software . Any and every small detail can be altered and personalized ! I was slightly confused when I first began using this , so I called Technical Support and was actually instructed me how to effectively use this program ! I am thoroughly pleased with my purchase and look forward to creating custom holiday greetings for my family and friends !
 I had some problems with the software after installing it as it did n't allow me to insert any graphics . I reported the problem to Nova , and after working with their techinical support for quite some time , they finally were able to pin point the problem and provide me with a fix . The software really works great now and I like the many features that it provides . I own a lot of graphics software and I am really impressed with the technical support provided by Nova . Some other companies do n't even have live support any more . Thanks Nova .
 Fine game but , it 's vague on the directions , so it can be a little difficult at first . No complaints except there was a small crack in the case , but not a big deal in the long run .
 The sound quality with this is incredible ! I took songs I wrote on finale 2005 -LRB- I upgraded to 2006 for $ 100 -RRB- and put them into 2006 ; it sounds SO MUCH BETTER . If you listen to it through headphones , you might as well be at a live performance ! It 's easy to notate and print -LRB- and it looks great -RRB- ! It 's well worth the money . Costumer support is nice and fixed many of my simple problems -LRB- that only had to do with my ignorance -RRB- .
 For the longest time it was very difficult to get natural sounding accels and rits in your music . Finale used to have a cryptic way of doing it . Now , you literally conduct the tempo ! Very easy to use . The way they have added the feature needs a little refinement but they are certainly on the right track . Finally , I can hear my music played back with a very musical rubato feel . Just getting `` Tempo Tap '' was worth the price of the upgrade ! The only problem with Tempo Tap is that you can not edit your tempo change graphically . You can view it as a graph but you ca n't edit it as a graph . -LRB- like most popular sequencers -RRB- Some other cool things are . . Studio View . Page View is your print shop for layout like Studio View is your sound stage for playback . Use this new view to audition Finale 's MIDI performance , `` conduct '' a tempo , adjust playback settings , and record HyperScribe transcriptions.Speedier Playback Processing . Without the need to prescan your music , a click on the Play button initiates playback with almost no hesitation.Export a measure region as a MIDI or Audio File with a new command in the Playback Settings dialog box.More MIDI Channels . SmartMusic SoftSynth playback has been expanded from 16 to 128 channels . Now choose up to eight different MIDI Out devices.Assign Each Staff a Unique Channel automatically while setting up your score . For example , you have a score with three trumpets . You want the lead trumpet on a different midi channel than the 2nd and 3rd trumpet so you can raise the volume independently and pan it differently.Spacebar-click Scrolling Playback . Finale now supports scrolling when you use the spacebar-click method to start playback . This was a big reason I upgraded . This is sooo much more convenient!Copy and Paste Measure and Entry Items Simultaneously using Finale 's new Items to Copy dialog box . You can now also choose any combination of items to clear.Embed Graphics in your Document . Graphics can now be embedded into Finaledocuments . You no longer need to move graphic files independently when sharing Finale files across computers.Composite Libraries . Save a collection of elements in the same library file for transfer to other documents.Key Signature Contextual Menu . While using the Key Signature Tool , simply right-click a measure to choose from a list of several common key signatures . Another time saver.Mass Edit Contextual Menu . While using the Mass Edit Tool , simply right-click a measure to choose from a list of Mass Edit Commands.Resize Noteheads of Specific Voices within Chords using the Resize Noteheads Plug-in . Very cool for optional notes.I have been using Finale for almost 16 years . It has come a long way . Gone are the days of it being difficult to learn . It comes with many flash tutorials files and the Makemusic forum always has helpful Finale gurus answering any question , no matter how simple or complex it is ! Most of the time people can get a response in minutes ! Very helpful when you get stuck.After you learn the basics of Finale you will love the program . I use it almost everyday and I still enjoy composing with it!Dave Moreheadtrumpet/composer/arranger -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This is the absolute best music notation software out there -- do n't let the price scare you , it 's worth every penny . It make beautiful and professional -LRB- this is what BIG music companies use -- Hal Lenoard , Warner Bros. to name a couple -RRB- sheet music . Every musician , whether you 're a teacher , student , or even a musician for a church or religious organization can use this ! You can do your own arrangements of music to FIT YOUR GROUP ! It uses a user-friendly graphic interface -- it looks just like a blank score -- you add the rest through it 's powerful entry methods .
 These `` I SPY '' CD-roms are great . We have four different ones and the kids like them all . Our youngest is 5 years old and our oldest is 14 . They all spend hours looking for items and finding treasure or getting free from the haunted house . It 's just good clean fun.These I SPY CD-roms make your perception more keen . They are great for boring holidays when you might not have time to take the kids out .
 My daughter has been playing all of the I Spy games since she was about 5 and she thinks they 're terrific . She is now 7 and still enjoys them . We parents find them plenty clever and interesting , too . As a bonus , they work seamlessly on our Mac . This is the most basic of the several I Spy games we own , and is better for younger kids ; the other games are much better . But this one is still recommended .
 This is a fun computer game . Challenging but not too difficult for this age group . It is like a treasure hunt . Very fun .
 Thank you for the quick shipping ! My children -LRB- and the both of us -RRB- were eagerly watching the mail in anticipation ! :-RRB- The software was in great condition and we 've had hours of fun with it . Thank you very mcuh!Blessings , Joseph & Merry
 I like this software very much indeed . Had no experience of ACT , so was n't expecting it to be an imitation of that.A pdf version of the manual was easy to download and even easier to read . It walked me through the basics . There were also a variety of quicktime movies on the site that showed me what to do.In addition , I found it easy to customise to my specifications.I have a small home-based business that relies on tracking a large customer base , and several different projects at once . Now I ca n't imagine how I could do without it.Very versatile , highly customisable , but immediately useful.What I 'm looking for now is something similar that I can recommend to a windows-using client .
 I have changed my mind about this software . It seemed easy and seemless transition from ACT but now that we are networked , we are running into all kinds of problems . The biggest problem is that phone support is no longer an option . You have to pay for that as well . It takes for ever to get quetions answered and , in the meantime , things just get more messed up . I know there are not many options for small MAC users and I thought this was the best option out there . But given that the structure is not intuitive and that the support is pitiful , I would look long and hard before settling on this product
 I think this is a good product , I had uses for more than 3 years .
 I have been using Microsoft Money 2003 for years and recently upgraded to Microsoft Money 2007 Deluxe . I initially tried the 90-day free trial from the Microsoft website . The download and installation only took a few minutes and the data transfer only took seconds.This version has many new features as compared to the 2003 version . I have used virtually all aspects of the program and it all works perfectly . I have printed reports with no problem whatsoever.This software meets the needs of most individuals and it is affordable and reliable . I have been very pleased .
 I 've been using Microsoft Money for about 3 + years now and it really is a great program . I first got a OEM version with a laptop I got -LRB- 2002 version -RRB- and from there I got hooked on this program . I later bought another laptop with Money 2006 and found some pleasent upgrades to the software that helped big time.I ended up buying Money 2007 because I needed to install it on my home computer but did n't find much difference from 2006 . Still the program is really good for anyone wanting to track their finances . You can gradually get into more advanced budgeting and reporting when you feel more confident with the program.I 'd suggest this for your accounting needs , although I have not tried any other programs . It is pretty simple , but will require you to play around a little bit to get things the way you want them . There are some annoying features but the benefits of managing ALL your financial accounts in a single program really out-way them.If you 're not using a personal accounting software than you 're probably spending more money than you know or need to . If you want to start saving your money than buy something like Money !
 This version so far appears the same as Money 2004 except for cosmetics , so in essence the $ 25 cost is a 2-year license fee for online account and stock updates . Still , while not very exciting , MS Money continues to be a useful tool for tracking accounts , spending vs. income , investment decisions and so on.Online updates seem to take a long time , but unlike previous versions they can work in the background .
 I needed to upgrade from Money 2004 since I purchased a new computer with Vista . Loved the upgrade , especially the LifePlanner sections.Makes all financial tasks and organization so easy .
 I used to use Quicken but when I had difficulty with Quicken 's technical support people , I switched to MS Money and love the program . Thanks to that problem , I 'm glad I switched to a better product .
 It is a lovely tool that manages my day-to-day expenses and incomes . I ca n't imagine not having it .
 I was looking for something to help me get ahold of my finances , and I found it . its easy to understand and most helpful . I reccomend it to anyone who wants more control of their money . my only complaint is that I wish it came with more instructions on all the things it can do .
 I 've recently tried both Quicken 2007 and MS Money 2007 . Having been a long-time Money user , it was -LRB- again this year -RRB- easier to stick with Money , rather than switch to Quicken . Each program has its strenghts and weaknesses.I find that Money has an easier to use interface than Quicken.Money still handles . QIF imports , yet Quicken no longer does . Some credit unions do not plan to move away from . QIF , making this important for me.Money does not import all of my accounts as well as Quicken . I find that I have to do a lot of manual transaction matching for one of my accounts.For the way I use Money , Money and Quicken are 99 % the same . Each has its problems and advantages . In my case , Money won out by 0.1 % extra usefulness for me.I gave Money 3-stars because this program is 0.1 % more useful for me than Quicken 2007 . I consider the average of Quicken and Money to be the average 3-stars value .
 This version of Microsoft Money serves it 's purpose - I do n't have the older versions , so I was very pleased to see how it worked -LRB- after using the trial version available for the 6.0 version -RRB- . If you do n't have a copy of Money or Quicken , be sure to download a trial period from the respective sites and try it yourself to decide which is best for you . If you already have an older version of Money - from what I hear , it seems that it has n't changed much over the years . For what it is worth , I like the version I have very much and would definitely recommend it to people who want to budget their money without having to write it all out on paper .
 I have been a user of MS Money since 1995 . I have accumulated quite a financial file as a result . Unfortunately Microsoft has stopped producing Money and has left me and many others with few alternatives except for Quicken . I had to update to Money 2007 just so I can make the jump some day to Quicken since their software does n't support updates from the older versions of Money . I 'm quite satisfied with Money 2007 . It does everything I expected and more than I really need .
 I had been looking into a solution to upgrade my microsoft money but kept running into issues with having to upgrade my program . I found the version I needed on Amazon and it worked great . I upgraded my version of Microsoft Money and was able to convert it to my new Quicken program .
 All I wanted was a check register program . This fills the bill . People who bank online and have on line brokerage accounts do not need all the bells and whistles that Intuit insists on giving you .
 The 2007 version of MS Money Deluxe seems about the same as the 2003 version . There are n't any `` new '' features that I use . This application continues to run slower than most , even on our brand new computer . I also initially had a problem getting reports to load ; they mysteriously began working after about 7-10 days of using the product . Overall , however , MS Money continues to deliver the functions I need to manage my day-to-day finances and investments .
 This product is all I expected . I would love more support for 401 's and IRA 's , but it 's a great product .
 Simple program with easy interface . I love the checkbook , electronic downloads , and categorizing aspect of it all so I can easily see where my money is being spent from all of my accounts . I have n't used many other programs , but this is simple and easy to use and does everything I want .
 This software takes some time getting used to , especially for the ` computer illiterate ' , but with time , this is an excellent way to track and balance all of your accounts at once . I use it for my bank accounts -LRB- each different institution -RRB- and for credit card and investment accounts .
 It would be difficult to beat this standard for software to manage personal and/or business finances and bank accounts .
 Money has built in value for the none accoundant person . With little or no training a novice can become familar with this software in a very short time . Microsoft has a winner .
 I use Money to keep track of all of my Financial and Business spending patterns and tax time helper
 Money Deluxe is an excellent software to use to keep track of personal finances . It is easy to get up and running immediately .
 This was a great price , arrived in a timely manner . Would definitely buy from them again
 I have been using Money for the last 7 years , it is the best money management program in the market right now . I gave up using Quicken as the features does not come near MS Money .
 Works good for what my family needs to keep up with . No problems except sync from laptop to desktop . Older version would pull automatically . This one I have to pull manually from one recently used from other computer .
 Typical rebate process . Reject for supposed invalid info , and make me jump through hoops to get the $ 20 . I hate mail-in rebates for this very reason . It is just as bad as the insurance companies . Deny and see if they re-file . Software is exactly what I wanted , but I would like to not go through the hassle to get the advertised price .
 Though it may lack some of the integrated tools of Quicken or other financial software , MS Money continues to be the best entry level software of its genre and the best value for the money . Particularly notable is the ease of integrating it with your on-line banking tools to create a one stop shop for your financial needs .
 I initially had a LOT of problems setting this software up and I still dont think I have it setup completely correct . There is either a huge bug or a big lack of knowledge on my part when it comes to properly documenting transfers of money between accounts . For example , I transfer money between my savings and checking , or my savings and fidelity investment accounts all the time . Well , the online updates pick this transfer up correctly but when I go to assign a category to the transaction in my budget -LRB- I choose the obvious `` Transfer from Checking '' or whichever applies -RRB- I end up making duplicate entries in the registers and my balances are off by large amounts . When I delete the duplicate entry I also end up deleting the original documented transfer and again my balances are off.I 've also had problems with reports and am getting some real funny numbers when I project my future cash flow . For example , one report tells me I will be thousands of dollars in debt because my expenditures exceed my income but when I look at my budget I have almost 1000 dollars a month surplus.Aside from these minor bugs which I have worked around , the software performs with distinction . It has empowered me to take control of my day to day finances and combine 2 things I love
 I upgraded to this version from Money 2000 . The interface looks cleaner , and the reports and budgeting options are better . I do find it a little less intuitive than the older version that I am used to . Overall , I 'm happy with this product and there is room for me to get to know it better . I think it will last me for several years .
 I just love microsoft money . I have used both Money and Quicken and Money is way better . The 2007 version is not that much different than earlier version . No real big changes . I am very happy I bought Money for my new computer though !
 I converted from and older version of Money and everything looked fine until I tried to pay a bill on line . It gave me some cryptic error and I was able to look up the error on the user forum . After trying all recommendations it still did not work . After many frustrating hours it finally started working . What made it work is beyond me but you hate to have problems with software right out of the box . Especialy with a mature product .
 I upgraded to Money 2007 from Money 2004 , and now can no longer download transactions from My Checkfree . The upgraded program ca n't read the files .
 Everything I expected - this program runs circles around Quicken . The Budgeting Feature is far superior and much easier to use .
 As many of the other reviewers have mentioned , there are not a ton of new features in Money 2007 . However , as a user of Money 2002 and Quicken 2006 , there are several upgrades over M02 , and I am very pleased with M07 . Having used M02 for about 3-4 years , I decided to upgrade so that I could take advantage of the online banking/statements features offered for the newer programs . With everyone and everything referring to Quicken while speaking of financial software -LRB- much the way people refer to a `` Kleenex '' for tissue -RRB- , I figured that I would give it a shot with Quicken 2006 . Having spent the last 8 months or so using Q06 , it had some good things about it , and some annoying things -LRB- the budget is n't very workable , no reallocation between budget items so if you go over in one , you ca n't `` borrow '' from another item to balance your budget . The investment updates are n't as complete as with M07 , either . These are just a few . -RRB- Deciding that I would see what was available on the Money front , I discovered the M07 Trial version on Microsofts website . After loading it onto my system and painlessly converting my Quicken file over -LRB- which was FAR simpler than getting my M02 file converted to Q06 -RRB- , I began to fine tune the program . Needlessly to say , having spent 8 months using Q06 , I felt like I was `` home '' again with M07 . It still has some quirks in the program -LRB- still ca n't figure out how to use the savings goal feature in the budget , the debt reduction planner is n't as controllable as I 'd like , the cash flow forcast has more assumptions than I would , but these level off over time , etc. -RRB- , but these features work fine for my money management . Rest assured , when my trial period is over , I WILL be purchasing the full program .
 If you 're upgrading from an early version of money -LRB- Money 2001-2003 -RRB- , it 's nice to see all the added functionality ... . updates your stock prices , pulls in research , pulls in 401k , bank , investment transactions . All the stuff that makes getting a large volume of transactions into your registers quickly.Not thrilled with the advertisements embedded throughout , but some folks may find them useful ... . unconciously . Some screens are busier and more cluttered than they need to be . Have n't figured out how to make the text on some screens large enough to prevent eye strain , but there must be a fix ... or maybe it 's my flat screen monitor resolution .
 Money did everything I wanted it to do . Budgeting and banking.The budgeting process that they recommend is very simple and straightforward and , when I downloaded my financial info from my bank , I was amazed at how quickly and accurately all my info was right there in Money to work with as I needed . It updates daily automatically , so I always know where I stand in my budget with just a click.Balancing my bank statement was a snap.Only used the reports lightly yet , but they seem very flexible and informative.I went from a rather poor Excel spreadsheet to this and could n't be happier . Highly recommend this to anyone looking to ease their financial record-keeping burden .
 I was using Money 2003 on my XP machine , however when I purchased my Laptop it was loaded it Windows 7 home premium . The software works great , and is compatible with Money 2003 ! The seller , was very professional , and I received the item in like = new condition . Now we have becomes E-mail freinds.Thank You , Frank Norman
 I highly recommend this product . It offers a lot of features if you are looking at managing your money at a higher detail . If all you want is check book type tracking then this may be overkill .
 I love this ! Great deal ... low price and it allows me to keep track of my bills . Works great in Vista ! : -RRB-
 I use Microsoft Money 2007 Deluxe to track my savings and checking account . Before I got this product I bounced a check and after installing it I recorded all of my information . It now shows me an accurate balance so if I make an error in addition or subtraction in my checkbook , it will catch the error before I bounce another check .
 Product is easy to use . Keeps in touch with my bank , credit cards and investment portfolio . Can be done automatically or manually . Would recommend this product to anyone looking to keep track and organize their finances .
 I have a Neato and a couple other types of lablers and this is the only one that real works . The software is simple to use and the labels are almost imposable to messup . The only real problem I have with it is the tabs that hold the label ot the aplicator come off to easy and then it 's very hard to get the label straight .
 I found the labeler easy to use . The software program could use more and better graphics , but it 's easy to add your own pictures . Overall , I love this product . Makes great CD 's .
 I have never used any other cd labeling system but so far it has performed as described . The labels are easy to place with the afterburner labeling system . The labels can be printed all the way to the inside ! My only small gripe is that the Click N Design software seems to be very memory intensive and somewhat slow . It wo n't load large jpegs easily . You have to resize them to about 500k or so and even then ... it 's slow .
 This upgrade is a must-have if you are a Quark user . Here 's the good and bad , from my view : Good
 I had used an old copy of VersaCheck that I had bought in the late 90 's -- hey it worked -- until I had to do a reinstall after my hard drive croaked and found that I no longer had the registration number . Having found the VersaCheck user interface a bit clunky , I decided to look for alteratives and settled on this.Set up was simple , interface with our accounting software was good . The only thing I would seriously suggest is that the company should get an artist to do some good looking clip art . The clip art that ships with it looks generic and it might as well not be added because it detracts from the overall package.If you want to do value added with these things you should make sure that it does add value and does n't make people shudder instead .
 I am a professional multimedia artist , and have been using Bryce and Poser since they were first released in the early 90 's . Bryce was the first affordable 3D landscape and rendering tool available to the masses . I played around with it and was most impressed by the interface . As I design user interfaces for software applications , I know quite a bit on the topic . Bryce , in my opinion , still has one of the best interfaces of any 3D software I have ever used . Newbie 's and pros alike will enjoy the simple and elegant interface . Once you get used to it , you will be slightly annoyed that others have not followed it 's design.With the release of version 4.0 , Bryce became more than an interesting 3D tool , it became a serious contender among 3D applications . It must be said that Bryce is not a 3D modeling tool , per se , I have seen amazing things modeled in Bryce , by extremely patient people who fully utilize the Boolean functionality . I do my modeling in other programs and then import them into Bryce for rendering . Many 3D artists use multiple tools to get the job done and Bryce is a excellent addition to anyone 's 3D toolset . Most notable in 4.0 was the addition of animation.With the release of version 6.0 , two major things have happened , the rendering engine has improved dramatically , making render times much better and now it is seamlessly integrated with DAZ Studio , which could eliminate the need for preparatory work in Poser , as DAZ Studio is free ! Now you can prep your figures in DAZ Studio and simply click on the Bryce icon to switch over to Bryce!I ca n't say enough about this program , I use it for 95 % of all my 3D projects , for rendering and animations . See my website for dozens of examples.I have rendered scenes ranging from forests and deserts to space ... the only limit with Bryce is your imagination . There are other landscape software packages like VUE , that can do some things much better , but for the price , versatility and ease of use , Bryce is still a heavy contender.For my part , Bryce will always have a place among my 3D arsenal .
 I have been using Bryce since version 2.1 . For edition 6 , DAZ rewrote the core code that dated back from MetaCreations time -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , so there are few novelties . The one feature that is interesting in this release is the IBL -LRB- Image Based Lighting -RRB- renders . They look excellent provided you choose a good HDRI map.Render times are long , as they have always been with Bryce and the quality is still very high . Expect excellent antialiasing and silky smooth reflections even at low render settings . Bryce is still superior to Vue in that respect and its scene display is also better -LRB- adaptative degradation with far less flickering -RRB- . With similar quality settings and output , Vue is as slow as Bryce , and dreadfully so when handling reflection/refraction . What Bryce still lacks -LRB- and what DAZ should add in edition 7 -RRB- is object instancing and a realistic atmosphere model . At the moment , Vue rules with its ecosystem function and its spectral skies , but the price tag is higher , especially if you want to have all the bells and whistles . And Vue 6.5 is at least as unstable as Bryce 6.0 , especially when handling large scenes with low system resources .
 I have tried so many different 3D programs with very limited success but Bryce has NEVER failed me . I 've been through Bryce5-Bryce5 .5 - and now Bryce6 . I thank all the People @ DAZ for their great efforts , this is truly a `` worth while '' investment .
 This is an inexpensive computer activity that our grandson has truly enjoyed . It was fun , simple and gave him lots of positive feedback for his efforts .
 I did not have any trouble with the program loading or updating . I have used TaxCut for years . Interface and menus could be a little clearer at times . They seem to change the look every year just enough to make you search for some of the things you used the year before . I think the people who had trouble with the software were earlier versions since the ad in January on Amazon for this one stated `` new version '' .
 I have used this tax package for several years and have been pleased with it . I was a Turbo Tax user for about 5 years . I decided a couple of years ago to try Tax Cut because it was lower priced and seemed to have the same features . I have not been disappointed by that decision .
 TaxCut Deluxe is even better ! This was a great product and now even a better value with State and Deduction Pro included . I was impressed before and even more now . A great value to say the least , and feature wise TaxCut keeps improving . This is the one to get !
 I ordered Barry Manilow 's most recent release for my wifeand she just loves it ! G-r-r-r-r-eat !
 TaxCut is the most accurate tax preparation software that i have used to date . Is easier to use than Turbo Tax , and cheaper as well . There is a similar prgram called TaxAct , but it is confusing to use , and doesnt try to save you money by checking all the new tax laws . Buy this with confidence .
 I have been using Taxcut Deluxe + State for the past two years ever since Turbotax raised their prices and started embedding spyware in their software . I am extremely happy with Taxcut , they have simple questionnaires and easy-to fill out fields with real-time display of your return amount . It even lets you auto-add your banking information to receive your return quick ! You efile right in Taxcut itself and you get a confirmation of your return being received . Got my state refund in 5 days and my federal in 7 days . Could n't be happier : -RRB-
 This is my 3rd year using TaxCut and it 's been a good experience each time . I 've done my own taxes by hand in the past and TaxCut makes it so much easier and cleaner -LRB- vs. my hand entries -RRB- . It checks your entries and gives you warnings where you might have made an error . I 've also used an accountant once in the past and never again since my taxes are not complicated and an accountant costs so much more.The only down side to TaxCut is that I tried to use it with online services to download my W-2 and it mis-categorized the local tax city . So instead of downloading , I just entered the W-2 info manually -LRB- you have to double check it anyway -RRB- . Another plus is the rebate on the federal e-filing . Without it , I would probably still be sending in paper forms .
 This is the second year in a row I 've used TaxCut and very happy with it . No problems at all with this version either ... program installed fine and carried over the basics from our last year taxes . As for use , followed the interview type process to finish our taxes ... ca n't ask for anything easier !
 This year 's edition bundles both the Federal and State tax software in one box and eliminates the need for a separate State tax rebate . This is a welcome change ! This year 's software seems to have a better feel than last year 's edition.What 's in the box ? ================== * CD containing Federal and State tax software -LRB- you only get One state - you can purchase/download additional States -RRB- * CD containing H&R ; Deduction Pro software * mail-in rebate for federal e-filing fee * mail-in rebate for MS Money purchase * some other offers from 3rd partiesInstallation ============ * I have an older computer but installation was very smooth and without any problems . It did n't even need to reboot . * Updating with the latest versions of the software and tax codes from the internet was also smooth . The firewall did pop-up requesting permission for the updater program to use the internet.Entering and fixing taxes ========================= * Entering the tax data was relatively straight-forward , although the TaxCut interface still does not have an organic flow and feel to it . * Their slide-shows with audio commentary highlighting some of the major tax changes and issues was rather informative for those not following the tax code closely * E-Filing was smooth . Printing the tax returns was also smooth.Conclusion ========== * If you have a complicated tax situation , and if you are not familiar with the tax code , this software may not be for you . * But if you have a relatively straight-forward tax situation , this software gets the job done !
 This is the 3rd year that I have used TaxCut software , and this is by far the easiest version . I experienced none of the technical problems reported by some other reviewers below . The software loaded perfectly on my Win XP machine , and I was able to complete and e-file both my federal and state returns in my spare time over the weekend . With the e-file refund , and the free $ 15 gift card I got when I purchased at Circuit City , I could n't be more pleased .
 I check these reviews each year , and noticed the issues that some people stated intalling this software . I know my way around a PC , but this software installed and updated with ZERO issues , and seems to be running fine -LRB- I 'll try and update this review later -RRB- . I installed it on Windows XP . I 've looked around the web and do not see any issues with spyware or anything else with this software . Considering the fact that electonic federal file was included , and it 's cheaper than the competitor , I went with taxcut this year . I 've switched before , and this imports turbotax files , so why not ? Note that when installing ANY software , I always exit any applications and close anything besides virus software -LRB- I run antivir and microsoft beta -RRB- by right clicking the icons in my system tray in the lower right hand corner . A good idea is to also set a system restore point if you 're running windows XP previous to loading . Enjoy !!!
 I 'm no expert with taxes , and after using TurboTax for the last 4 years , I decided to go the lesser expensive route -LRB- I saw from another 's review Target 's $ 19.95 price -- plus it comes with Deduction Pro for FREE -RRB- this year . The was no major difference , aside from looks , I could notice between TurboTax and TaxCut . TaxCut imported all of my data from TurboTax flawlessly . Walks you through one question at a time and skips parts you do n't qualify for based upon previous answers . The ONLY complaint I have is in it 's error checking . My return passed TaxCut 's error check until I went to e-file . Then , it caught 12 new errors ! It was all because fields exceeded the maximum characters allowed by the IRS to e-file . It may be user error , but I could correct errors in the error check , instead having to go to the part of the process and correct . Overall , very easy to use . I 'd definitely recommend it .
 For the past few years I have used TurboTax , but because they got rid of the mail-in rebate for e-filing , I decided to try TaxCut instead . I was a little hesitant at first -LSB- ... -RSB- , but I thought I 'd give it a chance and just take it back if I had a problem.I had no problems with the installation , and my files from last year 's TurboTax return imported just fine.In comparison to TurboTax , I found it to be very similar . They ask the same types of questions with TaxCut , and it 's just as easy to use . My taxes are relatively simple and I only have a few credits/deductions , but I suspect that even if you do have more complications , it would n't matter which program you choose because the questions seemed nearly identical to me.The only problem I have with TaxCut , which is the main reason that I give the product 4 stars instead of 5 , is that I believe they charge too much for the e-filing . -LRB- Note that TurboTax charges the same fees , so this also applies to TurboTax . -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- Federal e-filing -LRB- when you do it yourself -RRB- is free , and I 'm sure that most states have free e-filing as well -LRB- my state does -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- Maybe the IRS charges some fees to these software companies in order to complete the e-file , but if so it ca n't be that much . At least with TaxCut , unlike TurboTax , there is still -LSB- ... -RSB- available for the federal e-filing , but there is none for the state portion.What I am planning to do to save myself some money is e-file my federal return and complete -LSB- ... -RSB- , then either print out and mail my state return OR go to Maryland 's e-file web site and do it myself , using the numbers that I got from TaxCut . I think TaxCut/TurboTax would make MORE money if they would do away with the mail-in rebates altogether and just charge a SMALL fee of a few dollars for e-filing each return . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall , I 'd recommend TaxCut over TurboTax simply because it is cheaper -LSB- ... -RSB- and the two products are both very similar . I 'll probably stick with TaxCut from now on .
 I used to use TurboTax . About six years ago , I was at a discount office retailer and TaxCut was cheaper , so I purchased that instead and found it did the same thing and very well.I used to run Windows 95 and now have Windows XP . I 've never had a bit of trouble installing TaxCut software on my home computer . Those who do have trouble might be running Windows 2000 -- it 's known that some software just wo n't run on Windows 2000 . I 've heard Windows 98 might have similar issues.What I can tell you is that TaxCut 2005 installs and runs without a hitch on Windows XP.As to ease of use , it 's pretty darned easy . The `` Deluxe '' version probably wo n't do it for people who are running a business , but it works quite well for those of us who work for an employer and , even though I rent an apartment , all the questions were there for those paying a mortgage so that all itemizable deductions willl be accounted for.Once you install the software , you do have to use your Internet connection to update it . It 's not hard to understand why . The IRS and every state income tax agency -LRB- California 's Franchise Tax Board in my case -RRB- has last-minute changes to forms and even to regulations . The software will be released on CD-ROM and there will be last-minute changes that TaxCut will need to download via the Internet . Once that step has been completed , you 're good to go.Once all the Federal tax return data has been input by the user in response to various questions asked by the software , TaxCut will automatically transfer applicable data to the user 's state return . That leaves very few questions to answer to get the state tax return done.The software will automatically compare the standard deduction versus itemized deductions to determine which will produce a greater refund and go the better route.I note the 2005 version includes all the one-time special deductions available for people who contributed to Hurricane Katrina relief as well as for those who suffered losses in 2005 's major hurricanes.My one complaint -- a small one -- is that TaxCut kept directing me to update the software via the Internet , even though I 'd already done it . After a couple of red herrings where I said , yes , do the update , I determined that all udpates had already been accomplished and at future redundant prompts , I told it not to.I did n't opt to file electronically because I 'm not going to pay the IRS $ 15.95 for the privilege of making its workload easier . I filed on paper , the old fashioned way , via mail . Therefore , I ca n't tell you how well electronic filing with TaxCut works.But I 'm very happy with this product and will continue to use it .
 Have been a longtime tax cut user and it is still the best value for money.For ease of installation -LRB- XP users -RRB- - first download the installation patch from hrblock.com so that you do n't have issues at 21 % . After that is installed - installation is a breeze.Finished a medium complexity return in less than an hour - file electronically -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This year I switched from Turbo . Last year with Turbo I had a bad customer experience with someone that just did n't understand English very well . Their prices are too high and now this year they are charging us for efile . Tax cut is easier to move through and understand . They even included protection for an audit from the H&R ; Block offices.Thank you , H&R ; Block . I am converted !
 I switched to TaxCut Deluxe from Turbo Tax Deluxe several years ago when Intuit was requiring an activation key which did n't work . I was pleased with this product then and find in easy to use . I does impoirt data from the prior year 's return and fromMoney , etc. . However , when you go to file it asks you to manually look up adjusted gross amounts from both Federal andState returns from the previous year - telling you which lineson the returns to look at - even though it alreadey had importedthese amounts for other purposes . It also does little for Statetax complexities except to tell you to read the instructions forthe State return . I do n't kenow of any automated program thatoffers any real help with State returns .
 very easy to use and by far the best software I have used to date . I feel very sorry for Accountants .
 It worked Okay for me this time because my taxes were not complicated .
 It does what it 's supposed to do , and does it well . I did n't get audited , so I am happy !
 I use a CPA every year , this year I wanted to save some money so I thought I 'd try TaxCut . So simple to install and use ! It guided me through the whole thing without a hitch . I printed the whole thing out at the end -LRB- Govt . & State -RRB- so I could compair it with last years taxes done by the CPA . It was perfect ... next year I 'll be doing the same thing .
 This software is essential for even basic tax preparation and critical for any more complex returns . It includes the Q&A ; in a meaningful , consistent fashion for accurate capture of tax information from the user.Calculations are all done for you . Redundant information is echoed throughout the program , so no need for double entry.Worth every penny - cost of software is deductible too !
 I have been using the Taxcut Deluxe version for the past seven years and have extremely happy with it . When I started using it seven years ago I doubted I could prepare my own tax return without making any mistakes , so for the first two years I had my sister , a licensed CPA and CFO , review my returns after I prepared them with Taxcut . She not only verified that everything was correct , but she noticed that Taxcut calculated items that she would have overlooked , since she was managing a corporate accounting department and was not preparing personal returns anymore . After those first two years , I have not had her review my returns and she started using Taxcut to prepare her own . My father , also a licensed CPA and retired CFO , was using Turbotax to prepare his personal returns and was becoming frustrated with it . He switched to Taxcut a few years ago when he heard about Turbotax installing -LSB- ... -RSB- and he decided he did n't want to hassle with it anymore . In addition , he was filing state returns in two states and Taxcut state allowed him to do that at no additional charge . Between the three of us , Taxcut has worked without any errors and we have had no problems using or installing it . -LSB- ... -RSB- This year , I have already imported my files from last year and have begun to plan my tax return . It only took a few minutes to install both the federal and state programs and import my files from last year , which I had backed up on CD . I am currently using it to plan my tax liability for this year and will be prepared to file as soon as my wife and I receive our W2 's and year-end statements from our investments . I have n't used Deduction Pro in the past , but I did install it this year since it was in the box and I figured I would see how it worked . My wife and I make donations every year and never thought they were worth much . Not thinking there was much value to any of the items we donated , I itemize just a few , so far , and it looks like they were worth more than I thought . I will definitely be itemizing all of our donations this year.I give Taxcut five stars because it 's easy to install , easy to use , and simple to back up and uninstall when you are finished using it . Most importantly , it accurately calculates your taxes .
 For years I have been buying Taxcut Deluxe and State as separate CDs just to get both the -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate on Deluxe and the full purchase -LRB- not counting sales tax , pardon the pun -RRB- on State at the same time . Now with both in the same box , you get both CDs for the price of one with no need to mail in a rebate . A great deal for a great product that is very user friendly and from what I was told when I first bought it back in 2000 , has more features than the competition -LRB- Turbotax -RRB- . Get this great deal now while you can , and do n't worry if it 's early in the `` tax season '' . The software allows you to get updates , so that the program has everything you need to file . Best yet , the IRS and most states accept your printouts in the mail when you file . Buy it now , and by April 15th , you 'll be asking yourself `` is next year 's copy available yet '' .
 Decided to do my own taxes this year for the first time using this software and could n't be happier . It installed without a hitch and updated seemlessly straight from the program . Took all od two minutes to update and I was on my way.This walked me through my federal and state tax forms very easily , and helped me find every last deduction that was possible to apply . The `` Interview '' style of the questions were clear and easy to understand , and the program makes it easy to flip back and forward in case you missed something , or the program finds an error on a tax form.Everything is laid out for you and at your finger tips . The Help Guide is easy to understand , the forms included are plentiful , and all information is updated . You can update as you go along , or update the entire program upon install . The latter worked great for me . The program will still ask you to update a few times . But just skip it . If you click update you will just get a message saying the program is fully updated . I clicked once just to be sure . I was good . Great deal.I live in California and could n't file electronically because according to the program the state does not allow e filing for returns with addresses more then 30 characters long . Mine has only 25 , but still no go . Unless they mean the entire address , city included . Which would seem weird . But it 's really not a problem because the forms print out perfectly and ready to go , so I can just send them in . And this year I owe the state $ 5 , so the $ 15.95 charge to e file would of exceeded my tax debt . So better to send it snail mail , anyway.The federal portion was e filed no problem , and the program assures you every step of the way that everything is official and secure . Which is good for peace of mind . It 's $ 15.95 to file and an additional $ 12.95 for the third party service that actually does the filing . But one federal e file rebate is included with the package . So my final cost for e filing was just $ 12.95 . If you e file state it will be $ 15.95 more . Still a pretty good deal . And MS Money Standard is included by mail in coupon.Pick this up , actually read the Help file at the end of the federal and state install -LRB- it addresses many of the issues some of these people are complaining about -RRB- and get your taxes done right . I 'm actually getting a return this year . Last year using an accountant I had to pay . Thank you H&R ; Block TaxCut ! : -RRB-
 Depends on if you 're an Intuit fan or not . I 'm a recent malcontent with Intuit . Tax cut will import last year 's Turbo Tax file without any problems . The user interface is similar . The only thing that I 've noticed so far that 's different is that it does n't allow the option of downloading your W-2 data from the payroll provider .
 I ran into the same problem with the mmvdpro.swf file at 21 % . I rebooted the machine into Safe Mode with Networking , installed it and it worked ! Hope this helps .
 after always having someone else do my taxes - I have received a copy of taxcut software in the mail ... so I thought I would check it out . Now I wonder why I was scared all those years ... . and with the audit support I feel like now I can do my own taxes ... with the assurance of someone else doing them . The software is very easy as it walks you through the process . Thanks for converting me H&RB lock
 I 've been doing my taxes with TaxCut for the last few years . I just got my product and found it even easier to use then ever.I like that it includes e-filed and audit support provided by a H&R ; Block tax professional.I had a question and was able to call their 888 # and was able to get answers quick -LSB- ... -RSB- . Not even for the phone call . How cool is that!Bottom line , if you want a reliable , easy to use tax product , go with Block . They know their stuff . I am not sure if the other guys know tax like them . H&R ; Block have been doing it longer than anyone else and I trust them .
 Having to deal with two residence 's in two different states , my tax situation becomes very complicated . That was until I started using Tax Cut Deluxe last year . It not only helped me in calculating my taxes my effectively it gave me a new way to organize my financial data that is needed . This years version is a truly brilliant . In one box , I not only received the Tax Cut Deluxe but in addition received the needed State module along with their Deduction Pro . It is not only convenient knowing I had all that I needed to move forward with my taxes , but not having to deal with rebates to take advantage of the offers was truly a stroke of genius on their part . I do not write reviews on this site for software and this is one time I had to express myself !
 Tax Cut was easy to use and was 100 % accurate.Printing the completed forms was a snap !
 I used TurboTax for years and switched to TaxCut since the price was lower . I ca n't say that it was an improvement although it did the job . My taxes were less complex than other years so I ca n't comment on things like depreciation . However it did walk me through the steps and I was able to finish my taxes in a few hours .
 This is my 5th or 6th year using TaxCut . As in previous years , this version used last year 's information without a hitch . It asks me more than I need it to , but it 's nice that you can skip over things that do n't apply.It is especially nice that , for the first time , you do n't have to pay for and download a separate program for your state ; it 's already on the CD.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because I think they charge too much -LRB- ~ $ 13 per return -RRB- to file online , and that you have to file a rebate to get some of that back.Otherwise , a very solid program .
 I 've used for TaxCut for -LRB- IIRC -RRB- ten years , since filing for FY1995 . I compared TurboTax and several other offerings , and I 've looked at more recent web-based offerings . TaxCut is still the gold standard - and the Deluxe version is more than sufficient.The interviews in TaxCut have always been more thorough , covering areas and aspects that TurboTax did n't touch . I remember speaking with a lawyer friend who was filing with TurboTax and frustrated that it did n't cover a number of real estate areas . I was able to quickly find those parts of the TaxCut interview , and read him both the questions and parts of the various -LRB- and easily searchable -RRB- help files and `` tax tips '' . The Deluxe version covers some areas that have been important to our finances at various times , including home office deductions for example . The premium adds topics and features we did n't need , and you may not either . -LRB- For example , even the basic version 's help files are extensive ; the Kiplinger videos , or whatever they 're adding to Premium now , are unnecessary - and will just draw out the amount of time you spend filing . -RRB- All that said , I almost gave the 2005 version only 4 stars because some of the functions seem to have slipped . For example , `` safe deposit box '' no longer appears in the searchable index . And it took more effor than usual to find the place to enter real estate taxes paid . I eventually found both - but that may be because I 've used the product for so long that I probably know the front end of it as well as some of its programmers .
 Received Taxcut very quickly after ordering through Amazon . Much to my amazement , it actually included the state edition as well . Previously when buying from a store I had to download the state and place the order on my credit card then wait for a rebate . This is much easier and more time efficient !
 I love this product and use it every year . This year however , I finished my return Feb2 but when I went to file , the program said I had to wait until mid-february to download the latest update . I could not file without the update and had to wait 2 additional weeks to file .
 If we must pay taxes , and we must , this program makes it less harrowing . The instrucctions are simple and the program does all the figuring for you . My only complaint is that it keeps advertising other H&R Block services . Not a big deal , but somewhat annoying .
 The program is easy to install , as well as use . It asks direct questions which helps you fill out the necessary forms . It affords you to knowledge of changed tax laws , much easier than reading the IRS manuals for filing . Since I am a new user , I am unsure as to how it will help with 2006 taxes , regarding updating the program , etc. . Will have to wait and see for that one . For the money , I think this product is well worth it .
 It is a good product . Easy to use with clear instructions . I have used TaxCut for the last three years .
 I have been using Taxcut to do my taxes since 1998 and love it . It is easy to install , use , and update . It is easy to transfer data between prior tax years and other applications like MS Money and Deduction Pro . I love the easy-to-use online help file , the q/a format of completing the forms and the final error check function . This is a great tool .
 This was such a great price for what you got . I had used TaxCut Premium in the past , and was familiar with how it worked and always pleased with the results . However I always used the HR Block option of having a professional check my results and e-file for me , including the state return . This year though , I purchased the deluxe + state version and e-filed myself . With all of the rebates , you could n't go wrong . I got a rebate for my federal return , which made the cost of e-filing only $ 15.95 total . I also got a version of Microsoft Money 2006 for free after another rebate . So all in all , I feel like I paid $ 9.00 for the program and $ 15.95 for e-filing the state return , and the price was right . Oh , and I forgot - I also got Deduction Pro , which I had never used before but it was great . I used it for my 2005 return , and now I 'm entering information for 2006 to make my next year 's return even easier ! This was one great bargain , and I 'd do it again next year .
 The product was everything it advertised.Have already finish my taxes .
 This is my first time using tax preparation software , and I 'm very impressed . I did not have any problems installing the software -LRB- as other reviewers did -RRB- . I used to do my taxes on my own , but I purchased a home in the past year , and knew I would need assistance figuring out how to enter all the correct information . This made everything very easy - took me through all of the required information step by step , and then submitted my return through e-file automatically . I am also glad for the e-file rebate . On that note , I noticed I did not have the forms for the rebates in my box , contacted H&R Block by e-mail , and they replied with the forms attached very quickly .
 If you want a good quality tax software , this is it . It is much more user friendly than the other products .
 NOT PERFECT , BUT FAR BETTER THAN `` TURBOTAX '' . I HAD TO DOWNLOAD THE `` UPGRADES '' TO GET IT TO WORK . IT IS FAIRLY SIMPLE TO USE AND IT DID MY `` K-1 '' INVESTMENT STUFF EXCEPT THAT IT LEFT OUT 2 -LRB- SIMPLE -RRB- ` REQUIRED FEDERAL FORMS -LRB- WHICH I DID BY HAND -RRB- . THE STATE -LRB- MINN -RRB- PART WAS OK , EXCEPT I COULD NOT GET IT TO DEDUCT MY INTEREST FROM INCOME FROM US TREASURY BOND FUNDS . -LRB- NOT TAXABLE IN MANY STATES -RRB- . THE MINN FORM IS SIMPLE AND I COMPLETED IT MANUALLY.NOTE
 Very happy with the product . Have not down my own taxes for years , this program walked me right through it . It was great !
 TaxCut 2005 Deluxe is , in my estimation , the way to do taxes . I am a retired accountant with 15 years tax experience . This program definitely is an easy way to do personal taxes . The fact that it does n't come with a thick instruction manual speaks for the ease in using the program . I have recommended it to anyone who asks about doing their own taxes .
 This is the first time I 've done my own taxes and found the instructions to be very clear and easy to follow ... both Federal and New York State forms . In fact , I had my refund in 10 days !!
 I finally broke down and bought a tax program this year and Taxcut made it so easy that it was almost like having someone else do my taxes . I would recommend this program to everyone
 I did my taxes last night with Tax Cut Deluxe . This was the first time I used a tax program instead of my tax guy . Everybody told me to get Turbo Tax , but after reading the reviews online , I decided on this program . What a breeze .
 This is now the 6th year that I have used TaxCut to prepare my family 's income taxes . While the program may not have changed much on the surface in the last couple of years , it remains solid , efficient , and easy to use , which is my primary concern in financial/tax preparation software.The interview process is straightforward and the interface is user-friendly . Online filing -LRB- free after rebate for the first filing -RRB- is quick and easy . If you are already using an alternative software product for tax preparation , then I 'd recommend sticking with it for the sake of familiarity . If you have used TaxCut in the past , or are a first time Tax software user , then I highly recommend TaxCut 2005 Deluxe .
 This is my first time using an electronic tax program , and I was pleasantly surprised with how easy it is to use . I had no problems installing the software whatsoever . Plenty of help links and instructional videos make filing hassle-free and understandable . The integration of e-filing with the software makes life easier and the refundable federal e-filing fee makes this software a great value .
 I gave this to my nieces for Christmas to hold the laptop their grandmother and I gave them . They love it . They can pack their headphones and CDs and DVDs and other stuff with their computer and be out the door . Even the little five-year-old can easily handle it . It 's a good case for a very good price .
 Fits my 15.6 &#8221; laptop perfect . I didn &#8217; t want to spend a lot of money for a laptop bag because I don &#8217; t carry it every day . So this was perfect .
 I purchased this bag for my new laptop to protect it when I was n't using it around the house . I did have some of the lining where a velcro strap attaches across the top of the laptop inside the bag detach so there is a section where the cloth lining has come out . Otherwise the bag is great and for the price I am happy .
 I needed a tote for my laptop and this gets the job done . The only thing I would change is I wish it had more pockets to carry other items .
 It fits . It works . It was priced right . I bought it . What more can I say about it ? Still need 2 more words ... sheesh ...
 I like it because it fits the purpose of transporting my new laptop . No problems with the purchase and enjoying it .
 This is a good basic lap top case . Ca n't say anything negative about it . I would recommend it for sure .
 got my bag it fits my laptop my iPad 2 my iPod my Samsung galaxy 2 very well I would recommend this product to be very much worth the price
 Product was as described . I will say by the time i got laptop , charger and cooling pad into it the fit was snug . Not products fault just mine for not getting something a tad bigger .
 This purchase was everything I expected it to be . It was a gift I got for my sister that 's a college student .
 My laptop fits perfectly . Unfortunately , they should have told me to buy a bag bigger than my laptop so I could use the divider to store my charger . Good proudct just make sure you do n't buy one that is bigger than your laptop .
 For the price , this thing is great . Lots of room for power cord and mouse and good protection . And I like the Strap .
 Great case for the price . It was a gift and she loved it . I liked it because it was n't to expensive and yet had space for everything she needed .
 Has helpful features , such as outside pocket for cord , mouse , etc , and an inside pocket for files or papers . Has carry handle or shoulder strap option . Sufficiently padded , yet light weight & not bulky . Not sure yet how durable it will be , but seems decently made , & very reasonably priced .
 The receiver loved this laptop computer bag which fit her computer perfectly and will be using it for the first time next week when she travels a long distance to visit her son and his family .
 I wanted a travel bag for my new computer , and searched for quite a while looking for one . I purchased this one , which is just the right length and width for the ultrabook , but is a bit deeper than the ultrabook I 'm placing into it . But in the end , this is excellent because it allows me to place other work or personal materials into the bag as well . It 's well built , has a handy side pouch where I can put even more things , and I especially like the carry strap that came with it .
 I bought the item via JM Prime , an Amazon Marketplace vendor , so that the price was especially low . This is an excellent value for the money , an apparently well-made item with sufficient space for a 15.6 &#34; laptop , mouse , and power cord/transformer , plus a document or two . The two Velcro-tipped interior straps hold the laptop in space . This is not a luxury case with liberal amounts of padding that will protect the PC when it is dropped from some height , but it does offer a fair amount of protection and good and comfortable mobility for a very low price . The cheapest bag I could find in a Staples store was $ 33.99 , and , while other colors than black were available , the workmanship and protection offered in the store retail item was no better than the item I bought for about a third of the price .
 This tote has plenty of room for me to take the power cord , mouse , paperwork and anything else I might need to work while on the go .
 Arrived very quickly ! Good back has support unlike some I 've seen , pretty sturty , love that it has pockets to though cables in and all ones needs !!
 Very nice bag . Was a bit disappointed on the size , the measurements on the listing are a bit confusing , and ca n't use the divider to keep my power cord on the side . There is room to stuff it behind the laptop , though , so it does all fit .
 For the price paid , this is a good enough product , I will recommend it who wants to carry his computer
 This is a good bag for the money . It is on the slim side and has a decent amount of protection . If you have a 15 &#34; laptop there 's no room for your peripherals to put on the side as pictured , unless you have a Netbook or a 14 &#34; laptop . For a 15 &#34; laptop you will need to get you one of those good pencil case bags , the ones that you can use for tools -LRB- around $ 3 at Walmart -RRB- and put them in it on top of your laptop .
 This case is a great buy , roomy enough for mouse and cord , but still streamlined . Price is very good , case arrived in new packaging . I would definitely recommend .
 This bag is wonderful , and I have more than enough space for my laptop and accessories . The extra pockets are just right for my supplies .
 This is a great laptop bag . It 's slim & the adjustable strap is comfortable . I have a 15.6 &#34; ultrabook & while it fits the entire width of the case , there 's still room for an additional notebook or two on top . The pocket is large enough for a power cord , mouse and pencil bag . There 's plenty of cushioning to keep your laptop secure & the interior velcro strap provides added stability . And you really ca n't beat the price !
 This is a great carrying case , has that new smell so you know it 's new . Would buy again , the shipping time was reasonable . Have no complaints at all
 Bought this bag for my wife . She got a new laptop . She loves this bag . She had been using a regular tote bag and was not particularly happy .
 This software program offers two major advantages over its immediate completion :1 . Will ship to an APO address2 . Mix and match program offerings -- such as choice of Premium Federal configurations without having to accept a State program.I include investments and rental property in my return and found TAXCUT covered them well . However , one should not become too complacent as they plug in the numbers . Always review the completed forms , after printing them out , to insure accuracy and guard against double entries.I would suggest the Premium program even for less complicated returns so as not to miss any potential deductions.AMAZON also provided immediate service to correct a shipping problem .
 I love this item . I use it all the time to organize my palm . If you have a palm pilot you should really buy this .
 Do n't use anything other then this for any company that I do work for . Never use personal AV in a company . . it only causes problems , I always stay away from the one that starts with `` Mc '' . Installed on the server in no times , rolled it out to the clients in a matter of minutes .
 I have owned this product for serveral years now . I recommend it very highly . It 's one of those rare products that is as good as they say -LRB- perhaps even better -RRB- . What it does : - pitch generation -LRB- like an electronic pitch pipe -RRB- ; - pitch detection -LRB- even from voices or in noisy environments -RRB- ; -- this is useful in tuning a guitar or in checking vocal pitch when singing ; - chord display -LRB- multiple simultaneous notes -RRB- ; - adjustable A frequency -LRB- tuning is usually based on A = 440 hertz but not always -RRB- ; - displays the note letter -LRB- C , B , A # , etc -RRB- ; - displays the ` percentage of error ' -LRB- difference from the nearest pitch -RRB- ; - displays the exact frequency ; - has a pause button so you can freeze the display and examine it closely ; - displays a green indicator line and a green dot where the pitch is ; - displays a yellow circle around the green dot if the pitch is within 25 % + / - ; - displayes a bar on the side that shows whether you are over or under the nearest pitch ; - displays a pink spot in the center that shows the clarity or the timber of the tone . For singers this shows if your vocal tone is clear or fuzzy and how clear or fuzzy.PhoneTuner is very fast , very accurate , and very cool -LRB- if you are into singing and you need some help -RRB- . You may be wondering what 's up with the spiral display . it turns out this is a very logical display , though it takes some time to get used to it . The reason for the spiral is that as you go up the scale , the distance between each note increases . The spiral is a very natural way to display this.I got it because I had recently joined a barbershop chorus and I needed something to help me train my ear . This was the perfect tool and it worked with my Pocket PC.My only complaint is that they have not updated the product since December of 2003 . The current version is 2.2.2 and is only available for Pocket PC . It would be really great if the maker would create a version for the iPhone.You can download and install it and it will work in Trial mode which only works for 60 seconds at a time . This is enough to see if it works and to test it 's value . Honestly , this is a huge bargain . You 'll see if you try it . It 's so good that I may buy a new Pocket PC just to run it since my ailing old PPC is dying . But I would rather get an iPhone version if at all possible.You can learn more here :[ ... -RSB- Enjoy !
 Although I 'm not a linguist or language teacher , foreign languages are my passion . I 've pursued , to varying degree of mastery , successful study of six foreign languages via methods ranging from independent study with books to private tutorials to university classes with language labs . But using computer software is new for me . This Transparent CD-ROM language course blows the other methods out of the water-I can scarcely contain my excitement.The Transparent course is presented in four modules or `` titles ''
 This software is geared toward the consumer market for those who want to quickly export home video to DVD . If paired with some low-priced video editing software like Pinnacle Studio 7 , you can quickly capture and edit video -LRB- using Studio 7 -RRB- and then burn your product to DVD . This tool is , however , limited in functionality . You wo n't be able to build submenus , create chapter points or create custom menus from scratch , but for most people it 'll do the job . If you want more control and customization , you 'll have to use high-end -LRB- and higher-priced -RRB- software like Adobe Premiere , Ulead 's Media Studio Pro/DVD Workshop , or Sonic 's DVDit ! -LRB- which also lets you encode AC3 audio -RRB- . One caveat
 It is the software for the beginners of video editing . It is very easy to use . I use this software to create my video on SVCD format and find no problem on my Windows XP system . The video quality is pretty good . This software really provides the basic features for most of home users without paying extra money for advanced seldom used features . With more features in video editing software , that suggests more likely the system will crash during operation . ... it is the great deal for the price I paid .
 I bought this at best buy and was concerned about the compatability with my HP 200i which uses the Dvd + r and Dvd + rwafter a quick link for dvd + r , I tried to make a dvd.No problems and it was easy.Oh yea I Have studio 7 and unlead and imported both in pinnacle express and it read it quickly and authored them without problem . I dont understand the other review which said it is not compatable , mine is 100 % Oh well hope this helps and God Bless You !!
 It is the software for the beginners of vedio editing . It is very easy to use . I use this software to create my vedio on SVCD format and find no problem on my Windows XP system . The result of vedio quality is pretty good . This software really provides the basic features for most of home users without paying extra money for advanced seldom used features . With more features in vedio editing software , that suggests more likely the system will crash during operation ...
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT AND WAS AMAZED BY ALL ITS FEATURES , I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE
 came home from a family vacation and my Adobe software told me `` there are no images in the camera '' . I could view the images from the camera , but I could not download them to my PC . I finally determined the I had a corrupted Compact Flash card , and hoped that Lexar Image rescue would let me recover my pictures . I was able to recover more than 95 % of the images in my camera and save them to my PC . It was fast and easy . This will only work with a Lexar CF card , but if you have the same problem I did , get Image Rescue , you 'll be very happy with this product .
 Panorama Maker 3 was inexpensive and fairly efficient at creating satisfactory panoramas . I have Photoshop to create Panoramas , but Panorama Maker 3 allows more control over the photographs . Panorama three does n't create a quality Panorama to Photoshop , but close in comparison . Sometimes Panorama 3 makes errors in it 's final results and you would need to do it over again to search for a better result . There later versions of Panorama Maker are out , but for $ 19.99 , Panorama Maker 3 is a steal if your on a budget or starting out in creative Photography . Personaly as a Photographer I 'm on a tight budget and if I do n't need to get the latest version to do a satisfactory job , then why do so . Panorama Maker 3 is simple enough to figure out , while Panorama Maker 5 and Photoshop are difficult to use if you do n't know the software . For web work , sharing and some printing Panorama Maker 3 is fine and will produce good results for viewing.Arcsoft Panorama Maker 3
 There is a wealth of stitching programs available and some do very seamless jobs . Arcsoft 's program falls in the mid-pack with V3 . Though economical it is a nice well rounded program . Though it may not be `` perfect '' the results are usually acceptable and fixable post stitch in your digital editor . Careful attention while shooting will yield excellent results . Mainly a level shot so that horizon lines are n't crooked requiring the program to adjust them . ;-RRB- -LRB- My tip , prior to selection , use your digital editor to straighten/adjust horizon lines before letting Panoramamaker run ... that will make life so much easier . -RRB- I find that from about 35-50mm -LRB- full frame -RRB- with a 1/4 frame overlap , 50mm resulted in the nicest stitches for me . Shooting panoramics is usually wide so I have n't tried longer focal length lenses . The `` Original -LRB- For print -RRB- '' output does well and I print at sub 4 ' width sizes on a Lightjet.Bottom line , if you do your job well , the program will give you quality results . Miss or not get exposure accurate , it will give back poor results .
 I have used this program by almost a year and have been able to record songs in enormous amount . The program uses many resources of memory and sometimes it becomes unstable but generally it works well . At least in Venezuela a connection to broadband with but of 256Kbit is required here being able to listen to transmitters that they transmit to 128 or 195Kbit . Nevertheless 64 stations that they also send to Kbit hear well . All this with Windows XP . The tutorial to record song by song explains very well . If in truth you look for a program to listen and to record good music this is perfect . It only follows strictly the instructions of installation that MAGIX provides .
 He usado este programa por casi un a & ntilde ; o y he podido grabar canciones en cantidad enorme . El programa usa muchos recursos de memoria y a veces se torna inestable pero en general funciona bien . Por lo menos aqui en Venezuela se requiere una conexi&oacute;n a banda ancha con mas de 256Kbit para poder escuchar emisoras que transmiten a 128 o 195Kbit . Sin embargo estaciones que envian a 64 Kbit tambien se oyen bien . Todo esto con windows xp . El tutorial para grabar canci&oacute;n por canci&oacute;n explica muy bien . Si en verdad buscas un programa para escuchar y grabar buena m&uacute;sica este es perfecto . Solo sigue estrictamente las instrucciones de instalaci&oacute;n que MAGIX suministra .
 I did n't know what to expect , but using Morpheus was really fun ! Morpheus was easy to learn -LRB- the kids had absolutely no trouble learning it -RRB- , easy to use -LRB- the kids had even less trouble using it -RRB- and fun for the entire family.Combining a child 's photo with her favorite pet 's , or friend 's , showing how one might look older , fatter or -LRB- wishful thinking ? -RRB- thinner , idea after idea -- we 've already spent hours of quality family time together because of Morpheus and , when Mom and Dad are busy , the kids have lots of fun with Morpheus on their own too.Whether it 's for you , for your kids or for your grandkids , I wholeheartedly recommend Morpheus .
 I just spent the last hour using Photo Morpher on a bunch of different pictures of family and friends -LRB- and our dogs ! -RRB- . I 'm a fan - it 's fun to use and the user interface is easy - even for me . I had the software pointed out to me by a friend who had seen it work on a youtube video - you can do great animations with this product .
 I had a previous edition of this program preloaded on a previous computer , that I lost when I had a hard drive crash . I thought I would buy the new edition for my new computer . It is pretty much like the old one . So far I have used it for three projects , and it has worked fine . Not the fastest program , but I still like it . When you finish making a DVD it asks if you want to make a label , and I can never get it to go anywhere but to a page offering to sell something to me . If anyone else has this , and yours goes to a page to actually design a label for LightScribe let me know .
 * I 've been using this software for a couple of years now and am pretty familiar with it . I wo n't go into all of it 's features and details as you can read that in the product description above . What I will say is that although it has limitations , the home movie folks -LRB- moms , dads & teens -RRB- will find that it pretty much does all you need for making DVD 's of birthdays , holidays , special occasions , etc using your digital camera stills and / or camcorder movies . Note here that you can also produce small file sized `` emailable '' versions of your DVD productions as well -LRB- but lower quality of course -RRB- . Several types of effects , fades , transitions , text types , and alterations are at your disposal , however after a couple of years they become a bit `` old hat '' . I wish there was an add-on pack for more . It 's still good though . Windows Movie Maker which is on a lot of computers these days is `` ok '' , but ShowBiz DVD 2 is better for sure . * This software did occasionally lock up on my old computer , but since using it on my new AMD 64 X2 equipped model , I 've not had a single issue . The only thing that might hold me back from recommending it is that it 's been out for so long now that there must be a `` version 3 '' about ready for release , or at least there SHOULD be . >> 4 stars out of 5 . < <
 i do n't understand why more people do n't know about this software , i 'm been using it for over 7 years starting with showbiz 1 , i 've made over 10 family videos with it and also two sport videos with it for a school , the only drawback i 've found is arcsoft do n't make any packages so you can add more special effects , i 've used all the ones they have , that 's why i almost tried pinnacle 's software , but why pay all that money just for some added effects , i found the best way to use this is to make each song in the movie then make an mpeg out of each song , then i put all the mpegs together in the order i want it and make the dvd out of it , for if you try to make a 40 minute movie it 's a little slow , but if you make your movie in sections and mpeg each section , then put it together it 's much faster , plus you can make a menu screen out of any picture you have on your computer , and with this software i do n't have to hook my camera up to the computer , i record it from my camera to my dvd recorder on a rewriteable , then transfer it to my computer using showbiz software downloader which is much easier for me , i 've tried trial software on ulead , adobe , and coral and did not like none of them , pinnacle trial 10 would not work on my laptop , and pinnacle support told me to get rid of internet explorer , i have not tried pinnacle 12 trial yet , which i will when i find the time , pinnacle has more special effects to use with video then showbiz does , but really using your imagination you can make a great movie without using alot of special effects so i do n't see the reason for me to spend alot of money for the software and have to pay hundreds of dollars to get extra special effects , so i stick with my comfortable showbiz 2 , my favorite by far ...
 I got this program from Fry 's recently with a full rebate . Still await the check in the mail . But it is easy to use and works reliably to produce very decent DVD from mini digital video camera tapes , as well slideshows from digital pictures from my still camera . Lots of fonts for text and multitude of transitions . I used Pinnacle Studio 9 for a few years with good success , but as soon as I upgraded to 10 the darned thing stopped working . Cant use it even after formatting HD on PC and reinstalling the 9 version . Stay away from Pinnacle Studio . Better bet is the Arcsoft software .
 I had an earlier version of this program and loved it . I decided to upgrade and am very impressed with the improvements they have made.For anyone who wants to make slide shows of their photos or video 's and does not have a lot of computer experience , this program is very very user friendly and you will be making your movies in no time.The only addition I would suggest is they allow for you to put music to your slide show , but it seems anywhere to go with this venture you could be copy-right violators . Give suggestions on who to handle this situation .
 I use it all the time and fine it easy to use and the results are very good .
 Is a great product if you want to make dvd 's . But its capabilities for slideshow videos is substantially weakers and anemic that the product info states . I should have gone with the cheaper software as the transition effects , templates and special effects were much better . Plus even though this is the higher level/software you ca n't download extra effects ... a good product but if your looking to make slide show presentation videos make another arcsoft choice and save yourself some money .
 I use it for creating DVDs and menus for them from MPEG2 files only . Tsunami encoder produces excellent quality videos , but at a snail slow pace . It gives me everything that I require
 After reading reviews on several more expensive programs , I decided to go with this one . It does just what I wanted without a lot of the complicated features , which tend to confuse beginners anyway .
 This operating system was a valid system that has worked as intended . Windows XP Professional has been a great OS .
 I had been busy building a new PC for a business associate and he really wanted to avoid the hassle he might encounter using a new OS that probably would n't support his older hardware . Finding XP was hard enough finding the Professional version was even harder . After looking for it at retail shops and some online stores I checked out Amazon and there it was . The price was better than other retailers selling the Home version for 20 % more . I received it in about 4 days and this new PC works great . My associate is really happy with it and had absolutely no problem with his older hardware working . In the future I 'll probably look at Amazon first before I go to my usual sources for software when doing a system build .
 Windows xp ... 75 $ is a lot for an os thats like 10yrs old ... win 7 is out and its around 150ish ... also the other complaint abt xp is the file transfering . . moving/copying ... if u cancel it while its moving the file gets split up into 2 ... also if 1 of the files cant move it will cancel the whole operation ... as for the seller ... it took around a week to get here ... which is ok i guess ... it said 3 days to 3 weeks ... so i guess its better than 3weeks lol ... but most products off amazon come in around 2-4 days ... it was a day late but i had enough time to deliver my build so no problems ... packaging was good enough for a cd ... it came in a bubble wrapped envelope ... 4 stars out of 5 ... 1 star loss for the price consitering how old the os itself is ...
 Streamlined interface ; better performance on many systems ; easier and more capable networking ; integrated CD-R/RW playback and burn features ; Remote Assistance tool aids troubleshooting and control of remote PCs .
 very please with this product.I am very satisfied could not be any happier.I would recommend this products highly.Very please and satisfied
 Microsoft Windows XP Professional SP2B for System Builders - 1 PackFound what I needed at a very reasonable price.Received exactly what I ordered.Received it faster then projected.Overall , a very plesant transaction .
 Tried and proven over the years and no Linux distro I have tried can match it . Apole is great but everything is proprietory and build a system ? Only MS gives you that option
 I have other computers with Windos XP . I am very comfortable with this operating system over others on the market
 I needed a full version of XP Pro , with Service Pack 2 , to install as the 2nd operating system on my new dual core MacBook . I was a little concerned about purchasing this `` system builders '' disk , but it costs about 1/2 of the more conventional full versions out there of XP Pro . It worked perfectly , Mac 's `` Boot Camp '' system recognized the disk , allowed the install of the XP operating system , and the software activated with no problem .
 After trying pirated versions of Windows XP Pro and then Windows Vista Ultimate , I decided to go with a legal copy of the former and was fortunate to find this version fo System Builders . Since I built my PC , it was perfect , and at a price I could accept . I no longer have to hassle with the pirated software timing out , and honestly , it simply feels better to own the software .
 Not much to say it 's windows and it works and it was at a good price alsowhen i bought it
 I 've had version 3 of this Optical Character Recognition program for over a year and found it very useful . The Pro version is the most versatile -LRB- and most expensive -RRB- . From scanning old sheet music and converting it into karaoke style songs to creating intricate scores from scratch that your computer can play back for you and much , much more is included . The very thorough printed manual guides you through the sometimes complicated procedures for doing all this , but in the end you wind up with very enjoyable music . Whether you 're just an amateur or an extreme music fan , this program will probably intrigue you.I just got the newer version 5 of this program and its success in accurately scanning and converting sheet music to playable music is even better
 For the price it was great - packaged very nicely - shipped fast
 This is by far the best guitar fx plug-in ever created , seriously . I 've used the Line 6 PodXT on several recording sessions and was ready to shell out for one + the extra model packs , but then came the GearBox Gold bundle and I was sold!The Gold bundle contains every amp/cab/fx that Line 6 has ever modeled for guitar/bass and even includes a bunch of vocal preamps & fx . The fx chain could 've been a bit more flexible by allowing us to freely move the stomps in the chain but that does n't stop you from being creative and crafting awesome tones . The plug-in is very CPU efficient , I had 8 instances running in a Pro Tools session with the lowest latency setting on P4 3.2 Ghz w / 1GB DDR RAM and I could still squeeze in a couple more!The presets are a good starting point but I suggest you get down and dirty with crafting your own tones . GearBox is compatible with tones created for other Line 6 products -LRB- e.g. GuitarPort , PodXT , Vetta II etc. -RRB- so head over to -LSB- ... -RSB- and download away , there are a TON of great user submitted and Line 6 Artist presets.The Gold DI is the little USB direct box that must be plugged in when using GearBox as it also functions as a dongle for the plug-in and the model packs . Although it is n't of much use in my home studio setup -LRB- I use my M-Audio 1814 to DI guitars -RRB- it comes in very handy when I jam or record ideas on my other computer . Yes you can run GearBox on any number of computers and the authorization is painless!Finally , with this huge arsenal of great sounding guitar & bass amps/cabs/fx and the vocal preamps you have everything you need to get studio quality tones for just about any style of music . Line 6 , Believe !
 Excellent guitar sounds . Strange that a function such as the tuner is missing in the VST mode . Wish that in stand-alone mode my Presonus Firepod could be used as audio interface because the Toneport DI can not convince me and produces crackles -LRB- yes , I am aware of adjusting latency time and buffers , but proves no real solution -RRB- . As to amps and cabs there is not much to be desired , they sound very convincing . The same applies to the effects although the configuration is not particularly flexible . And there are always things you miss like a multi-head tape machine such as a Meazzi in order to produce those wonderful `` Shadows '' echoes . -LRB- Yes , I confess , I am that old ! -RRB- But apart from a few niggles here and there I am very satisfied with this product . Especially for the current low price strongly recommended .
 If you are a guitarist and have a computer , you 'd be crazy not to pick this up at the current price . Have you even priced one boutique pedal lately ? There 's no way you could afford to buy all the pedals and amps and effects modeled here . Even if you do n't use them in your music you can find out what they do and how they sound . Great presets but they are all adjustable to allow you to find your own tone . If you really like a pedal , amp or effect , you can always go buy the real thing if you need the real sound . The gearbox allows you tweak and demo it to no end without angering the salesperson or other customers in the guitar shop.The gearbox is simplicity itself for recording your guitar into your computer.These units originally sold for much more . Get one now before they 're gone.On a practical note , be sure to plug the gearbox directly into the USB port on your computer and not to a hub . It will be noisy for sure if you do if it even works.UPDATE - Line 6 now gives free upgrade to the new POD Farm Platinum which adds even more functionality to the device . They now also give youf the Riff Works recording software free too . Get one of these before it 's too late . This program and the upgrades would have cost you $ 500 just a couple of years ago . They wo n't do this forever .
 This product saved me hundreds , maybe thousands , of dollars had I resorted to hard drive recovery services recommended by my PC 's manufacturer . My PC had crashed unexpectedly and inexplicably . Nothing I tried was working . After exhausting all possible recovery options , I figured I 'd only lose a hundred bucks if this product did n't work as advertised . It 's the best $ 100 I 've spent on software ever . Not only does it work as easily as advertised , but it recovered all of my files , documents and photos that are truly priceless . I 'd recommend this product to anyone in a similar predicament .
 This was excellent . I managed to copy all my files before doing a system recovery after my machine could n't even boot windows in safe mode . I had initial hiccups because of my graphics card but their customer support was excellent and sorted it out really quickly . I 'm an Illustrator , had n't -LRB- stupidly -RRB- backed up for ages but have all my artwork back . Thanks Prosoft !
 I thought all my children 's photos were lost but Recoversoft Data Rescue allowed me to salvage the many photos along with some important documents.Thanks a million !
 I use StarOffice every day without the slightest difficulty . Writer imports . doc files without any font problems -LRB- this is on Windows -RRB- , Calc and Impress are fine as well . I 'm very glad not to have to pay $ 500 - more than the price of a PC ! - to Micro $ oft.I have to wonder about the legitimacy some of the reviews below . For instance , all those who give StarOffice one star and compare it unfavorably to OpenOffice . StarOffice is * based * on OpenOffice ... the look and feel and functionality are * identical * ; StarOffice is just enhanced to do a better job of reading MS Office files . Makes no sense at all to love OpenOffice and give StarOffice one star . Methinks Bill 's droids are trying to game the system .
 I suspect there are other minor differences not mentioned here or below , but I wanted to mention one difference for Japanese Speakers using OO or StarOffice.The popular office package from Just Systems , in particular the word processing package `` Ichitaro , '' remains a standard in Japan . In particular many official documents are drafted and circulated in this format . -LRB- The Courts and certain national and regional bureacratic offices come to mind . -RRB- Unfortunately , there is no `` free '' import filter available in the current releases of OpenOffice . However , the StarOffice release includes a filter that was developed under contract and release by Sun . This provides an important incentive to purchase the StarOffice package for anyone doing commerical copywork or translation.Development of a filter continues but as of January 2006 , nothing is released -LRB- on the authors research -RRB- . As regards , the quality and usability of the product from this bilingual with significant professional experience in U.S. and Japanese business , my experience is dumping MS Office and using either StarOffice or Openoffice is unlikely to present significant problems.I began using the product in the pre-release stage and has used it since alongside MS and other products . There have been occasional data corruption and other problems . However in the course of doing translation with different versions of Word documents and codesets , there have been more problems using MS products . I trust my professional work on the Sun products no less -LRB- or more -RRB- than the MS products.Incidently , the Just System Ichitaro has never given me data corruption problems but I have never used it as heavily as the MS or Sun products.Copyright 2006 James Miller
 I have use the expensive ms office for years . Its cumbersome and too expensive . Finally , a truly easy to use and great alternative . Im done with the m $ office . The calc program and the presentation program are better than the m $ but I think the best is the word processor . As a teacher I recommend this . It is truly easy and fun to use .
 It 's so easy to spot the biased reviews of StarOffice because the Microsoft employees always use the term MS WORD , or MS EXCEL , to normal people its just Word or Excel , we drop the rest of the commercial.It is absolutely pathetic that Microsoft would tell it 's employees to go Amazon and lie about a competitor . Amazon has designed a system that allows consumers to help each other find the best products , and Microsoft is trying to prevent that by skewing the results.I had been a supporter of Microsoft for years , and had been against the governments procecution of it for dirty business dealings , but from this day forward , not only will I not be a supporter of MS , as it 's employees call it , but I will actively encourage my representatives in congress to reign in this out of control corporation.There is something wrong with a company that seeks to prevent consumers from recieving accurate information in order that it may profit under false pretenses.I 'm buying a new computer soon , and my mind is made up . It 's going to be an apple.ADDED 2/5/05
 Excellent value ! This package does everything I need in Office software and more .
 Mr. / Ms. BM_NINADA said that StarOffice hoggs memory.I am using OpenOffice 2.0 . I am looking at my consumption at this very momemnt having one machine running MS Word the other OpenOffice . OpenOffice uses 60Meg , the MS Word uses 30Meg . In big scheme of things it is insignificant difference . I have 1G of memory so we talking about difference between one using 3 and the other 6 percent .
 OK , I think someone hit it on the head with Microsoft employees possibly rating this item . So sad ... . this product does not deserve biast hate ratings.This product is n't MS Office but it 's in my opinion worth every cent ! Version 7 is awesome , and is a lot better than 6 ... maybe some of those posting 1 star ratings are using a version 5 or less?Granted it 's not MS office , it 's close though , and the price diff . makes the decision obvious.Star ratings should take cost into factor should n't they ? Otherwise it 's pointless , I could try and sell you an office product for $ 1,000,000 that does your work for you ... right ?
 I 'm not sure if the average person uses even 20 % of the capabilities of MS Office . Most people make extensive use of Word and Outlook , good use of Excel , fair use of PowerPoint , and almost no use of Access . STAROFFICE IS A GREAT ALTERNATIVE THAT WILL SAVE YOU HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS!Before purchasing , please note that Sun offers this product for download under the name `` openoffice '' . Benefits of StarOffice : * Great compatibility with MS Office apps , particularly Word ; you 'll be hard-pressed to find a Word file that does n't open accurately -LRB- preserved formatting -RRB- in Star . In fact , compatibility is * far * better than WordPerfect presently offers -- and I 'm a WP user from back when it was one of the original `` killer applications '' * StarOffice Draw -LRB- for creating graphics -RRB- blows Word 's drawing tools out of the water . This has always been a weakness of Word . Draw is comparable , if not better than , drawing tools in WordPerfect . * StarOffice Adabas -LRB- database application -RRB- is included -LRB- getting MS Access requires buying MS Office Pro -RRB- and is easier to use than MS Access . Adabas integrates with other StarOffice apps so , for instance , users can easily create mail merge documents.Drawbacks : * MAJOR
 There has been a lot misinformation in some of the reviews.Let me point them out for users who are really considering this good alternative to M$ Office .1 -RRB- Open Office 1.1 and Staroffice 7.0 are one and the same . You can download Open Office for free and you get only email support . Staroffice is the same software in a packaged version with more options like Adabas database etc. . You pay for packaging , phone support and email support . So if you do n't want to pay $ 70 , just go to http://www.openoffice.org and download the same software for free with just email support and no database and other features.For all those who thought Open Office was better than Staroffice , sorry folks , Staroffice and Open Office are one and the same with additional features in Staroffice !! 2 -RRB- Since when has Java been the reason for Virus ? This is total nonsense . There has been no Java based virus at all . The virus is because of security holes in M$ . Java is everywhere - this website , your cellphones or in the American Express Blue card . So Java is good not bad.Java is used for the database part .3 -RRB- Yes , there are issues when you open a file created with M$ Office , only if you have used proprietary M$ fonts . To the 95 % of the user -LRB- maybe more -RRB- this is really not an issue . I 've opened a lot of files which were created by M$ office and they opened fine under Staroffice .4 -RRB- There is a spellchecker and a Thesaurus included as opposed to one reviewer who claimed it 's not there.Now for the real review .1 -RRB- It 's much less expensive .2 -RRB- M$ has no backward compatibility . Try opening a Office 95 or 98 document with Office 2000 with or without M$ 's own fonts and see what happens . Forced upgrade anybody?Staroffice is backward compatible -LRB- you can open Staroffice 5.2 or 6.0 files on 7.0 -RRB- , opens all versions of M$ docs and runs on Windows , Linux , Solaris . Check http://www.openoffice.org for other supported OS 's .3 -RRB- You can save files in the M$ format or staroffice format and still be able to open it !! 4 -RRB- Export it to pdf format directly . M$ can not do this .5 -RRB- If you use non-M $ font data is not lost .6 -RRB- The file size is much smaller -LRB- in some or most cases -RRB- in Staroffice -LRB- Openoffice for all you folks who downloaded it for free -RRB- . There are some drawbacks in both M$ Office and Staroffice . But the deciding factor is ultimately $ $ $ . The only feature that is absent is an email client . But how many of you actually use Outlook with the Office software?I realy hope this review helps the interested user .
 The reviews here are interesting and the negative ones all sound like they are written by the same illiterate person.On a daily basis at work in my Tech Writing shop we use FrameMaker 7.0 , Word 2000 , Excel , and Powerpoint . As senior writer , I also use OpenOffice 1.01 . Did you know that when Word says a file is corrupt and can not repair or open it , OpenOffice and StarOffice will usually open that file and save it in Word format ? For that alone it 's worth having OpenOffice or StarOffice on your computer.At home we have WordPerfect 7 -LRB- very fast -RRB- , and 8 -LRB- Linux -RRB- , WordPerfect Office Suite 10 , Word 97 , Lotus Suite 2000 -LRB- my old file cracker -RRB- , Open Office 1.01 , and a copy of Star-Office on my Linux partition I keep available just in case . I 'm ordering Star-Office 7 for home and will remove some of the others -- Open Office , WordPerfect 7 , Word 97 , and Lotus , at least.One of the most amusing things in the reviews here is the bogus disclaimer that Word works . Our company switched to FrameMaker for its technical documents for the very reason that Word does not work . The ways in which it does not work are legion and legendary . Did you know , for example , that there is a websitehttp : / / groups.google.com/groups?num=25&hl;=en&group;=microsoft.public.word.numbering&start;=25&group;=microsoft.public.word.numberingwhich has 18,000 threads on Word numbering problems alone?StarOffice numbers pages and paragraphs correctly , even in complicated documents . It opens and closes MS Word documents with very few problems . No software does a perfect job of that , but only a fool would expect it too . -LRB- Heavens , MSWord 2003 can not save a document in WordPerfect format newer than WP 5.2 . -RRB- StarOffice can . It can also save in XML which FrameMaker likes alot.Unless you or your bosses are rigid and opposed to a less expensive solution , StarOffice 7.0 offers a change in software that can save you money , time , effort , and frustration . And you wo n't be penalized for not upgrading at every opportunity.Not sure ? Download OpenOffice for free or order their free CD + $ 5.00 S&H. ; If you like that and want software with support from a well established company , buy StarOffice and get the extras -- spellchecker and thesaurus , database , select fonts including Windows metrically equivalent fonts and Asian language fonts , select filters , including WordPerfect , additional templates , and extensive clipart gallery . StarOffice offers updates/upgrades on CD , user documentation , 24x7 web based support , help desk support , training , and professional help services for migration and deployment.So , if all those extras are important to you , buy StarOffice 7.0 here , get rid of MS Office , and enjoy your work for a change .
 Years later , Open Office & Star Office are getting better . They now offer a end user friendly database . I still keep a copy of MS Office for some uses . And Sun 's office offering on the Mac blows the heck out of MS Office on the Mac . Many languages and Operating Systems are supported . That is the update as the year 2007 is starting to go into history . My orgional review follows.Ok . Bottom line . I came here to save money on Buying StarOffice7 after running the Beta.I can not believe the half-truths in this thread . Please allow me to kill a few .1 -RRB- It needs Java . BS . It asks if you have Java installed which is only required on a few advanced features -LRB- mostly database -RRB- .2 -RRB- Same a OpenOffice . BS . It is built ON OpenOffice which Sun supports . I have both options on my laptop -LRB- plus MS Word -RRB- . StarOffice has things they license that is not in OpenOffice.A -LRB- much -RRB- better spell checker -LRB- even that is not as good as MS Word -RRB- , Thesarus , and a SQL database -LRB- like a real SQL not a user friendly Access database -RRB- .3 -RRB- No Outlook . MS Office is not Outlook . Outlook is Outlook Eveolution = open source Outlook.That aside , some heads up points.Must purchase for each platform -LRB- Windows/Linux -RRB- . Good news is I can buy one of each for multiple computers I use.Slow startup compared to MS Office . Excellent File compatablity , and the comment about much smaller native file sizes is true . Gets very slow on REALLY HUGE -LRB- 20MB + documents -RRB- . Get your feet wet with OpenOffice -LRB- free -RRB- . Move to StarOffice for saving $ $ on licencing for many people who are power users and need the extra/better tool add-ins . OpenOffice has no phone support . Active end-user community via email . Some decent 3rd party training starting to show up.Keep legal on some MS Office seats to test complex documents against X-Office -LRB- star/open -RRB- . I 'll go away now and give my $ to Amazon . Best price out there .
 I have been using MS and Star Office for many years . Since StarOffice 6.0 the usability and feature list bar was raised to that of MS Office at a 1/4 the cost . With StarOffice 7 , that bar has been raised above MS easily . At the same low cost , this product is feature rich and easy to use . I especially like their spreadsheet . Very clean and easy to use . I prefer it over Excel now.I am Jazzed and feel it is at a level to recommend as a replacement to the buggy and overpriced MS Office . MS Office is Ok but SUN has proven that you should n't have to pay what MS charges to get a productivity suite that you can run a company on.Real smart move to add PDF exporting too . That has come in real handy . SUN is on the right track !
 It 's disturbing how many of the negative reviews here seem to be planted by Microsoft lackeys . They are obviously trying to scare off potential StarOffice users by blatantly exaggerating tales of Java 's bugginess and the suite 's inability to convert MS files properly , and how in the end , StarOffice represents nothing more than false savings . That 's the message Microsoft is trying to broadcast to the world in order to preserve their incredible monopoly profits from Office -LRB- about 75 % of 10 billion dollars in annual revenues -RRB- . Like many of the more balanced reviewers , I think StarOffice is a polished and competent subsitute for MS Office for most users , even those running solely on Windows OS . It takes longer to load than MS Office and has somewhat fewer features . For example , the spreadsheet application in StarOffice , Calc , does n't appear to be able to create 3D plots , although to be fair , the ones in Excel do n't look terribly good . There are also fewer options for interpolating data when compared to Excel.Compared to its free OpenOffice sibling , StarOffice 7 has nicer-looking icons , better fonts and additional -LRB- minor -RRB- features , as well as access to technical support . $ 70 -LRB- Amazon 's discounted price -RRB- seems a fair price to pay for these improvements , although it is nice to know that OpenOffice is always available for the cash-strapped . However , Staroffice is an amazing deal if you are a teacher , student or academic - it 's absolutely free for these lucky people . Obviously , Sun is trying to breed a new generation of computer users who will not be afraid of experimenting with and adopting non-Microsoft products in the future.I 've noticed that many of the home PCs sold by HP , Compaq , Dell and others now come with parts of the Corel WordPerfect Suite . I 'm wondering if StarOffice 7 is a sound purchase for owners of such systems . Has anyone trodden down this path ?
 I work on documents in the 3,000-30 ,000 word range , and I heavily use a lot of word processor features like footnotes/endnotes , tables and references , indexes , version control , etc. . We 've all experienced in MS Word when you make one small change , it breaks the formatting of the entire document - noone knows why this happens , but it does . It 's never happened to me in StarOffice , and that alone is a good enough reason to make the switch . Also , if you publish to PDF that is built into StarOffice , no need to spend the extra money on Adobe - and StarOffice is a fraction of the price of MS Office anyway . I would say you get 90 % of the features of MS Office for about a quarter of the price . I 've never had any trouble importing documents from Word or Excel , I ca n't comment on PowerPoint importing because I 've never tried it .
 Currently I am using the Star Office 7 Beta - Have found it to be exceptional , I have no negative comments at all.We moved our whole company to Star Office 6 last year , 90 % of our users are low end computer knowledge , but everyone made the transition - with no retraining and minimal support questions -LRB- compared to the questions we had when going from Office 98 to Office 2000 -RRB- - improved network performance do to XML - and 90 to 95 percent of the old office files came over without a problem -LRB- those that we did have problems with were because of special MS fonts -RRB- To give you and example of size differences one file under MS Excel was 18 Meg once converted to XML format in Star Office was 2.89 Meg . and when you are sending it on a network that is a BIG difference in performance . -LRB- the user did the conversion with no help - and everything worked - the 28 worksheets in the workbook , the linked fields , all calculations everything worked ! -RRB- I am going to wait for the upgrade option but the Star Office package is Great !!! We are going to upgrade though . -LRB- I provide technical support and software integration -RRB-
 Star Office is one of the best apps around for the price . Although users may have to make an adjustment here or there , but it is well worth the low ... low price.I use Unix , Linux , and Windows for my department projects . I 'm no longer limited to a system because my documents will open regardless of what OS I 'm running . Good job Sun !!!
 If you work in or work with corporations , this is the software for you . Holy cow , it runs on windows , mac , linux , and solaris . -LRB- Unlike MSOffice -RRB- As an MCSE I have solely used MSOffice since it beat out Wordperfect many years ago . Well this transition to StarOffice is just as easy.It has more windows compatibility than MSoffice . It does n't remove the backwards compatibility like MS does . So you can work with all your old archived files and still save them in WHATEVER format you want . If you want it as pdf go right ahead . This is awesome.Highly recommended!Most things that SUN Micro puts out does require a slightly higher level of computer savvy . So if you are not willing to learn where the button locations are , you might want to stick in the dark ages with MSoffice .
 StarOffice 7 runs faster and offers many enhanced features not available in its open source cousin . At the price offered , it is a deal . I would encourage all those with substantive word processing work to be done to try this one . Star 7 does not disappoint the longtime user and is a good bargain for newcomers
 I 'm very happy with my SO7 , it 's saved me heaps of time withmy thesis and I can switch quickly between my Linux and Windozeboxes with the documents . Would recommend it to anyone thatwants a full featured office suite at a very acceptable price .
 StarOffice 7 's usability has been imroved significantly over the prior versions.As before , it runs on multiple platforms -LRB- which is essential for me -RRB- . No more crashes -LRB- the application can run for several weeks without restarton my Solaris box -RRB- . User interface is improved as well
 StarOffice 7 is just as good as Microsoft Office , for a fraction of the cost . I am well pleased with the product .
 I have been using StarOffice for the past 4 years , starting from version 5.0 , then 5.2 , 6.0 , and finally 7.0 . The most important feature of StarOffice is the fact that regardless of the platform you work with , the files created by StarOffice are totally transferable to other platforms . I am working with Linux , Windows , Mac OS , and Solaris . Quite often I have to create a file in one of this OS 's and edit it further in another OS . StarOffice does an excellent job for this purpose . Although there is not a Mac versionof StarOffice , its open source counterpart , OpenOffice works quite well and the two software can read each others files without any problem . If I were to use Microsoft Office , I owuld be doomed because of its numerous portability problems . Also , I have found StarOffice -LRB- version 6.0 and later -RRB- a lot more stable than Microsoft Office.I particularly like the equation editor for typing formulas in test documents , it is so much easier to use than that of any other software that I know of -LRB- it is similar to LaTex -RRB- . The drawing package is a greate help and can replace packages like Adobe Illustrator for most applications.The presentation package is much nicer that PowerPoint to work with.Altogather , I think this should be the Office Siute of choice for both professionals and students . For novice users , it is as easy to use as Microsoft Office products , once they spent the time to learn how to use it.Best of all , you can try the evaluation copy before buying it -LRB- refer to the Sun Microsystems webpage -RRB- .
 I was waiting for this program to be back in stock , so I recently donwloaded the 90 day evaluation from Sun instead.It converts files created in Word 97 and Word 2000 just fine , as well as PowerPoint -LRB- the exception so far is opening a PowerPoint as a read-only file , saving it in StarOffice XML format , modifying , then exporting back to PowerPoint ... some of the graphics lost their colour , perhaps in the zip compression process ? -RRB- . But why use PowerPoint anymore ? I can export slideshows to Flash , and then package as an . exe that anyone can view on any Windows system ! Plus , the files are much smaller , and the open XML schema should insure file compatability for years.The greatest use for me , is in creating documents that are web - and email-friendly . Instead of bloated . doc , . rtf , or . pps files for download -LRB- or sloppy HTML export from Office -RRB- , I can publish PDF and Flash files that integrate well with web browsers , take up much less space , and improve access to the information being posted -LRB- no expensive software required - only free readers that most people already have , and are available on multiple platforms -RRB- . As for the comment above about no email client , I 'd highly suggest Mozilla over Outlook/Internet Explorer any day for small business and personal use -LRB- large corporations requiring collaboration would be the exception -RRB- ... it is free , stable , and has junk mail filtering built-in among other features . And it keeps getting better with each release .
 I really do n't know where the negative reviews come from . I have used Star Office 5.2 , 6.0 , and 7.0 as well as OpenOffice.org . Star Office works very well and is solid across all operating systems . This is NOT a Microsoft product and will not use the same commands and key strokes as Microsoft . The product is well integrated and its commands are consistant throughout all modules . Features like `` templates '' make the product well worth the price . This is a good buy and will let you integrate Windows and Linux machines in the same network .
 StarOffice includes a speadsheet , word processor , presentation software and many more . Its a complete alternative to Microsoft office at a fraction of the cost . It can work with all the Microsoft documents like powerpoint persentation or * . doc files.You can even export your documents to pdf format . It has all thefeatures I need for word processing or spread sheets or to makegreat presentation.Also this same software is available for free from http://openoffice.org . Its the open source version of StarOffice.Great Buy .
 Wow ! Bought Start Office 7 the other day -LRB- upon my friend 's recommendation ! -RRB- , and I must say they finally did it at Sun . What else can be said ? Everything actually works as promised . Fast , performant . Intuitive to use . -LRB- To be expected as Sun seems to target that MS user base , so there is no learning curve -RRB- MS file conversion is great ! For this price , it 's a must to consider against MS Office . The bottom line is that it works and has all the features that you need from an Office Software Suite .
 Considering the price , StarOffice 7 works just dandy . I have no real complaints . Exporting to PDF is fantastic , considering that I personally do n't like Adobe 's software . At 75 bucks you really ca n't go wrong by giving this a try , since Microsoft gouges people with their outlandishly priced bugware.And , by the way , `` ar user '' below who reviews this item -LRB- twice ! -RRB- and claims it 's horrible must be a phony reviewer who is obviously trying to stack the deck for Microsoft . Check out the guy 's other reviews . All he reviews is Microsoft operating systems and software , and different Linux releases , and that 's pretty much it . Everything by MS is `` awesome '' and anything Linux-related is junk , according to him . Obviously not a very believable source , and painfully obvious to boot . I never knew anybody who liked Microsoft THAT much . Sounds like Bill 's wife , for cryin ' out loud . I wonder if Amazon knows about this chicanery .
 Loved it . The new look and feel is great , it 's even easier to use , and the startup time is a lot better , at least on Windows . I especially like the export to PDF function - I 'm a professor , and this is a great way to share documents and know that they 'll look right at the other end . It does everything I need as well as Office , or better . My one request to Sun
 1 -RRB- First of all soffice 's power-point is I think more intutive and simpler -LRB- than msoffice -RRB- and hence better .2 -RRB- I had a few problems viewing MS-office * . doc files , but soffice7 .0 is a considerable improvement over soffice6 in this area . . but hey when everyone switches to soffice or openoffice who needs this feature anyway : - -RRB- 3 -RRB- Bloated files , but again soffice7 .0 is a considerable improvement over soffice6 .4 -RRB- GREAT PRICE !!!! 5 -RRB- I hope a lot of people switch to soffice so I do n't have to bother about conversion problems between msoffice and soffice.Maybe someday we will be talking of the vice-versa feature in msOffice.BOTTOMLINE
 I think this is great . The interoperability works just fine and dandy between the MS office filetypes . I really like the ability to convert to PDF too!Great functionality at a fraction of the Micro $ oft price and with cross platform support everyone can use the same office environment . Well done Sun !
 I have been using StarOffice 7 for over a year . It was not only inexpensive , but easy to get around . The user interface is very similar to the Microsoft Office 2000 one I was using before StarOffice.Just make sure you download and install the free program updates -LRB- the latest is StarOffice 7 - Service Update 2 -RRB- from the following webpage : http://sunsolve.sun.com/pub-cgi/show.pl?target=patches/xprod-StarOffice&nav;=pub-patchesI tried using OpenOffice before , but I did n't like that :1 . OpenOffice included no database2 . OpenOffice had no thesaurus3 . OpenOffice included no new fonts or clip-art4 . OpenOffice included no commercial-grade spellcheckerStarOffice 7 includes the Adabas database , a thesaurus , clip-art , a spellchecker , and technical support.One good thing about the boxed version of StarOffice 7 is that you get a licence to use the program on five -LRB- 5 -RRB- PCs . Also , the installation CD includes the versions for Windows and Linux -LRB- and Solaris unix as well -RRB- . Quoting from the Sun web site
 Microsoft can try all they 'd like by posting false comments here , but Sun 's StarOffice beats MS Office , hands down . For the price , I was expecting a half-baked office suite . Instead I found all the power of the OpenOffice.org product with added features and , most of all , great SUPPORT . I have removed MS Office from all our computers at work and home and will never look back . We can easily share files between platforms and have no problem opening MS Office documents . True ... StarOffice 6 was a disappointment - but 7.0 is suprisingly quick , stable , and chock full of new features that we count on - like being able to create PDF files ! This is way cool . I 'm never gon na buy MS Office again - it 's way too expensive .
 What Sarah Reynolds does n't realize is that the cells were NOT converted into # symbols , but that the data in those cells was too wide to display . All she had to do was resize those cells/columns , and all of the data would have been visible . However , this is what happens when you live in a Microsoft-run world ... you become LAZY.Anyway , I 've used StarOffice 7 and OpenOffice.org 1.1.1 -LRB- the open-source , free version of StarOffice -RRB- . They both feature absolutely rediculous amounts of perfect compatibility with Microsoft Office-created documents . In fact , eWeek magazine recently performed a test on migrating from Office 2000 and Office 97 to OpenOffice.org 1.1.1 and Microsoft Office 2003 . The only time OpenOffice -LRB- once again , the open-source and free version of StarOffice -RRB- failed to convert something properly was when a highly complex Excel document was opened by OpenOffice.What I 'm trying to say , is that the claims about StarOffice having `` no functionality '' or that it messes up documents are completely untrue . In fact , all I use is open-source software like OpenOffice , Mozilla Firefox for web browsing and Mozilla Thunderbird for e-mail ... not a single Microsoft component on this system except for Windows XP .
 this is not only as good as xp but it is one fifth the price and that speaks volumes . no more blue screen of death . no more force fed bundled software that tries to takeover your options by making other software products incompatible with them . freedom at last .
 Sun Microsystems may be a household name with its Java technology , but it is a rising star -LRB- pun intended -RRB- with this latest office productivity suite . It is * no * exaggeration to call this product a significant threat/true competitor to Microsoft 's Office suite.While most consumers wo n't need the included versions for Sun 's industrial-strength Solaris -LRB- UNIX -RRB- operating system for SPARC and x86 processors , it is remarkable to see a single office product released on multiple platforms . I 've used both the Windows and Linux versions since version 5.1 -LRB- when Sun acquired StarOffice 's maker , Star Division of Germany -RRB- . As with every release , the different platform versions are identical ; there are no compatibility issues with the files , formats or usability , in my opinion.Speaking of which , here 's my general thoughts on the product . -LRB- Read other reviews for more technical analyses . Think of this as a basic overview . -RRB- StarOffice 7.0 is stable , feature-rich , intuitive -LRB- even for previous/current Microsoft Office users -RRB- and cross-platform compatible . I can save in StarOffice 's native file formats , or work with other formats , such as WordPerfect and Microsoft Office files . And the import/export functionality is clean ; I do n't have broken files to reformat/re-edit/fix to look right . An office suite is supposed to be your computer 's Swiss Army knife . StarOffice 7.0 is finally mature enough to replace MS Office and Corel WordPerfect with its functionality . Read the POSITIVE reviews here about the product ; the naysayers are n't justifying their dour comments very well.As part of Sun 's new Java Desktop System software initiative , Sun 's StarOffice product is already being used by millions of users around the world . -LRB- Yes , millions ! -RRB- Unlike IBM/Lotus 's SmartSuite or Corel 's WordPerfect office suites , StarOffice benefits from open source community participation/innovations via the www.OpenOffice.org project . -LRB- Yes , you can download a free version , branded `` OpenOffice '' sans database , clip art , dictionary , etc. if you wish . But support Sun and * buy * StarOffice here at Amazon.com so that it - and OpenOffice - can continue to grow and flourish . -RRB- The only downsides which concerns me ? 1 . -RRB- No version for the Mac platform , which may be rectified by the open source version -LRB- OpenOffice -RRB- in the future . 2 . -RRB- I would like to see Sun invest more in quality desktop/workspace icons for this product , too . 3 . -RRB- Lackluster HTML authoring tools -LRB- if you 're picky about such things -RRB- . 4 . -RRB- Enhancements to accomodate scriptwriters -LRB- users of Movie Magic Screenwriter , StoryView , and Dramatica Pro -RRB- and technical documentation -LRB- Adobe FrameMaker -RRB- . Create add-ons which permit users to shift into other modes , depending on their needs . 5 . -RRB- Create a version layer of the interface which * children * can use . In my experience , the numerous bells and whistles within the interface are too daunting for some kids . 6 . -RRB- Where 's the groupware functionality ? 7 . -RRB- Where 's the Office/WordPerfect migration tools/wizards ? And # 8 , which Sun ca n't fix
 I have been using Star Office and Open Office suites for a while -LRB- since 5.1 -RRB- and the improvment of product quality has been great . I use it all time interchageably with others using MS office and other office programs . Now both Star Office or Open Office is in the mainstream and I am in the process of eliminating all MS office software from my systems . MS 's has a vision where they are going to try control how you think and their office software show this by all the auto-formatting is does while writing . If you are not sure if you would like it , try openoffice.org first . Star Office is a much more polished version of Open Office with extra bells and whistles . I give it 5 stars in all areas except price and that is why it is only 4 out 5 stars .
 I using the download ver . 7 , excelent in every basic requirements compare to MS-Word and some area exceed MSWord such as multiplate OS compatible -LRB- my test Linux , Win2K -RRB- . Other advantages : - I can set defaults to specific file format.e.g . set to MS Wordand open under word with no problem . - Effortable . - OS -LRB- es -RRB- - As Developer
 Whether you 're a power office suite user or just someone who dabbles in spreadsheets and word processing documents , this product covers your bases ! With the new copy protection schemes in all the Microsoft Office products , it 's no longer possible to use the same copy of MS Office at work and at home . That reduces your options to 1 -RRB- paying a lot for an office suite for home use , or 2 -RRB- searching for an alternative . I chose the second option , and I 'm glad I did.First of all , StarOffice 7.0 actually reads and writes most Microsoft Office documents perfectly without `` converting '' them or taking them through a filter . This means you 'll have seamless read/write capability on documents prepared by MS Office users.You 'll have a powerful spreadsheet that finally gives you a cut and paste function without the quirkiness of the one in Excel , and which provides 98 % of the functionality of Excel . You 'll have a fantastic word processor that comes with tons of fonts and a look and feel that 's very similar to MS Word . You 'll have a fantastic drawing program , and you 'll have a presentation tool that rivals MS PowerPoint . Oh ... and one more thing you 'll have ... a few extra c-notes in your pocket.I have used Microsoft Office XP and StarOffice , and to be honest , the Office XP is a more refined interface and has a bit more polish on it , but SUN has come close to the MS Office product 's look and feel , and has given us StarOffice at a very attractive price . Plus , they 've chosen to omit the crazy hardware-level copy protection scheme that Microsoft `` threw in '' with MS Office.You 'll be impressed ... It 's clean , does n't `` take over '' your system , runs great , and gives you a full-blown office suite at a fraction of the cost.I would have given 5 stars , but there are OCCASIONALLY formatting inconsistencies that cause Word documents to have a slightly different appearance in StarOffice .
 Star Office 7.0 has been hugely improved since I tried it a couple of years ago . The interface is tidier and the font rendition is much clearer . Setting up styles for laying out text is straightforward and it 's good , that when using two monitors , the style list can be placed onto the other screen out of the way . This can also be done when working on two separate documents of the same or different types . A spreadsheet on one screen and a word processor document on the other , for example.Another useful feature is the ` Export to . pdf ' option so that any document can be sent to a recipient , confident that it can be opened and viewed as intended.Star Office 7.0 is a good choice for many users at a very modest cost .
 Much better value than other bloated productivity suites by by the leading monopolies . True , it does n't convert everything perfectly , but such is life -- in most cases all you need is a few minutes to adjust the settings to however you see fit . Bravo to Amazon.com for a great deal on this software ! -LRB- For individual students and educators with broadband
 I have not purchased StarOffice 7 because I am quite happy with StarOffice 6 , and you ca n't buy an cheaper upgrade , you have to buy a whole new version . StarOffice 6 is a wonderful alternative to the MS Office , matching its -LRB- exceeding it in some cases -RRB- feature set for a fraction of the cost.To correct a point that Rachel mentioned about losing spreadsheet data . If you see ### in your columns , you need to re-size the columns . They 're showing up as ### because the columns are too narrow.Anyhow , using StarOffice 6 , the only problems I have had with MS Office documents are when there are extensive scripts in spreadsheets , or fancy formatting in text documents.Even then , they open with some easy-to-fix formatting glitches . Not wide-scale information loss . Most MS to StarOffice conversions are a breeze.If you routinely share MS-Office-generated documents , StarOffice may not be your best bet . But for most businesses , nearly all home and student users , StarOffice is a superb alternative .
 I used star office 6.0 for over 2 years and was very satisfied with it . As an accountant I was working on big files -LRB- > 2MB -RRB- and I 've never had problems with my calculations , reports and presentations and they were very professional and I would add , very cost effective compared to microsoft 's office suite - most interesting in this world where everyone is cost conscious and/or talking of cost cutting , except microsoft indoctrinated scrooges/fans ! I also had no problem opening ms office files , except that there were sometimes formatting & formula issues , but ms office however would not even open star office files . Having said that I welcome any improvement , enhancement and upgrade to the 6.0 versionI moved to Canada and I 'm surprised that we can not find Star office suite here . Is this country a preserved pasture of microsoft or what ? I was always made to believe in a free market economy there is/should always be choices - well I have not seen it up to now . Can someone light my path please.shekarix5@yahoo.com
 StarOffice suite allows us to do all that Microsoft Office allowed but only at a fraction of cost . After paying hundreds and hundreds dollars to Microsoft , we needed a cheaper solution for our office needs , so we bought this . StarOffice menus are almost the same as MS Office and the migration was not painful . I use the Export to PDF and Flash features all the time . The drawing application is very powerful and can generate impressive 3D graphics .
 Recently purchased a low end laptop with only microsoft works installed . Talk about a hassle trying to convert hundreds of pages of office documents -LRB- especially word -RRB- into something useful between my two computers.Never realized how dependent I was on MS office . Last night I desperately downloaded one of those peer to peer programs looking to `` borrow '' any available version of word . Instead , I found tons of buggy , virus packed programs.Just downloaded the OpenOffice 1.1.3 free software -LRB- comparable to starware -RRB- and made it my mission to ween myself off all Microsoft products when purchasing future computers.No clue how anyone could give this product lower than a 3 star rating . I 'm a typical computer noob and had very few problems for my basic needs.I really wanted to rate this product with 4 stars , but seeing all those negative phony 1 star rating from disgruntled Microsoft employees forced me to use 5 stars for balance.Just wish I had the cash to donate funds to this project .
 StarOffice 7 is a good office suite for the money paid , but I think the people in SUN software got to get up their backside and work a little more in some components of the suite like for example , the calc spreadsheet , I find its calculating power rather weak , sadly it does not include an equivalent to Excel 's SOLVER , this spreadsheet also seem to take a lot of resources while graphs or charts are been processed to be displayed.Also the database program is very confusing.Sun in reply to microsoft 's office ACCESS includes a database program of limited capacity named ADABAS D , which I have found so far to be rather difficult to learn.Other than this , I find StarOffice a very good office suite , for now it 's worth the money , but if SUN wants to aspire big they 'll have do a much better suite next time .
 I heavily rely on Word and PowerPoint but also use Excel at basic level . From time to time , I shift to their StarOffice counterparts for change of air . I have tried StarOffice since the time it was produced by a German company . Over time , I think StarOffice improved itself greatly with the immense support of open source community . In its current stage of evolution , the software is still behind Microsoft Office , at least in my area of use . Word processor does not have a grammar check utility which is very useful for me . It is hard to change languages in the same document unlike Word which has a handy button . on the plus side , StarOffice has a tool to convert documents to pdf files albeit without url functionality . Presentation software poorly filters Powerpoint , most slide effects are lost . I am not even an intermediate user of Excel but I have seen loss of formats in cells in the files I created with Excel and tried to open them with StarOffice Spreadsheet . Overall , I think the Sun 's software can use a lot of improvement , particularly in areas of linguistic tools and MS Office compatibility . finally , the package must eventually include an email program . Still , it is very useful in its current form too and would certainly save money for most people .
 Occationally I need to share documents from applications other people might not have or even protect them from being altered . PDF is a great format for this but I 'm not willing to spend much for a PDF conversion tool . Then I found Robopdf . For $ this software rocks ! It acts like a print driver so when you want to convert one of your windows files into a PDF you simply click print and choose Robopdf from your printer driver list and boom , you have a PDF . It seems to work with any windows program but I tend to use it with Word and Excel the most .
 Not all of us have access to a full Adobe software package . Yet , there are times when the availability of a secure printed document that is easily openable by the average user is key . Since Adobe 's PDF format has become the defacto format for cross platform documents , RoboPDF provides the user with the ability to quickly produce a PDF file from their original source . This software runs on multiple Microsoft OS -LRB- I tried it on Win98 and Win2K -RRB- and had no problems with the installation or the execution . There is also a free downloadable trial demo that will allow you to get a feel for the product . I tried several progams -LRB- Excel , Word , PowerPoint , IBM 's Expense Tracker Program to name a few -RRB- and all translated and opened flawlessly ! If you do n't have Adobe then you MUST HAVE this one .
 I read a review of RoboPDF 3.0 , the current version , on MSNBC.com and since it was offered at half price on their website , I rushed over and downloaded a copy . BTW you can download an unlimited trial version , which puts a watermark on your PDF file but is otherwise fully functional . Anyway it works quite well . I had an old version of Acrobat on my Win98 machine but I could n't install it on XP for unknown reasons , but now I can create PDF files using RoboPDF ! If you have strange fonts you might run into problems , but for 99 % of your standard documents -- I use Word most of the time but occasionally also convert TeX files -- RoboPDF works beautifully.Definitely download the trial version and see for yourself . Amazon.com should re-carry this product .
 I highly recommend the Multimedia Encyclopedia of the Violin for all violinists , regardless of your age . The amount of information packed into this visually appealing , beautifully conceived disc is invaluable for violinists . In addition , it is so beautifully designed and entertaining that we even gave one to my father , who is not a violinist , but a violin fan . We have been recommending the disc to all our violinist friends.Leslie Harlow , violist
 This CD-ROM is a good beginning level product to learn Croatian with . It even has a record your own voice option to practice pronunciation ! I have read other reviews that say that this CD-ROM makes you purchase other programs on the internet . Which so far is not the case . I have not done all the practices on the cd ... yet . But so far I have not been forced to purchase anything . Oddly , they have another word for hand other than ruka ... and claim that ruka is arm not hand . Which confused me a little . But that is to be expected I am from the mountain people of Croatia .
 Graphics are amazing and very playable at high rez . even on a Ti4200-128 . Sound is also great
 I tried the demo of Xpand Rally . I was somewhat impressed by the gameplay , although I think if you 're looking for a better Rally experience , you 're better off getting Colin McRae Rally 2005 for a more realistic experience overall . Xpand Rally has its good points and the full version may be better than the demo , but it 'll have to be a good improvement to get me to buy the full version . Unless I get wind of a great improvement in the full version of Xpand Rally , I think I 'll pass on this game ...
 Among all of the terminal emulation programs I 've tried this one renders remote sessions the best . Every one of the supported terminal types -LRB- Wyse , DEC , IBM 3151 and others -RRB- is transparent . I love the ability to use a web browser to view the sessions , and am especially impressed that this program not only supports Internet Explorer , but Netscape . This is much more than a terminal emulation program , however , because it also supports NFS , file and printer sharing and drag and drop copying . Another outstanding feature is the built-in scripting language , which is easy to learn and use.Overall , if you need a terminal emulator that will provide the most accurate emulation this one should be at the top of your list . If you also need NFS support and print and file sharing services this is the only one that fits the requirements from what I 've used and evaluated . I 'm pleased with it and highly recommend it .
 I 've tried many applications , but frankly this new version 7 E-commerce contruction Kit from MacMillan publishing & Boomerang Software is absolutely great.It was easy to isntall and use , the instructins were clear , it came with a printed user guide -LRB- which seems to be a luxury nowadays with software packs -RRB- , and it did what it promised.I can make regular web sites , but my real interest was to make E-Commerce sites , with a database using Access . It did this flawlessly . I could have used its internal Database to add my products , but I chose to directly import my Microsoft Access database of products and prices , which worked great.Its Active Server Pages enable me to build and add more ASP code to create more dynamic and advanced features visually , which is very nice and powerful , I do not recall having seen such a thing anywhere else.All in all , I was quite pleased with it , and I reccommend it .
 For backing up , this program does almost everything - from data files and directories to program , partitions , and entire disk images . Manual and automatic scheduling of backup sources , destinations , and times can be configured with virtually infinite variations to suit your particular needs . A great deal of value!The interface is effective from the simplest wizards and screens for the beginner to advanced screens with full option control for the expert . Two sessions of Symantec live text support were ineffective on my complex boot issue , but escalating to a third session of live phone support achieved resolution.In WinXP , the drive copy feature is excellent for upgrading to a new HDD - provided you can run WinXP Repair from either your OEM recovery disk or your own legal copy of WinXP . If you do n't have the latter , or have changed your partitions since creating the OEM recovery disk , you wo n't be able to boot into XP from the cloned disk.Improvements I 'd like
 To sum it up
 This program is simple to install and easy to use . My last backup program was very confusing , and their tech support was not available to me when I needed them the most . From what I can see , I should n't have that problem with Norton 's support . My first backup ran flawlessly and it was so much faster than my last program . I am very satisfied so far , and ordered an additional copy for my netbook .
 In my case Save and Restore was purchased for the purpose of backing up all the hard drives on three computers . The copy I purchased was 3 user version bundled with Norton 360 a couple of years ago . Norton 360 does incremental backups on my data files -LRB- My documents , Email , Explorer Favorites , recent downloaded files , music and picture files -RRB- . My tax data gets burned to three different CDs right after my taxes are done and gets removed from the hard drive.Complete drive backups by S&R ; are done every 4 months . On the three computers a combined total of 18 backups have been done without any problems . I might not have encountered some of the problems mentioned by others here since my needs are fairly simple . Using Windows XP Home or Professional comments about using this program with Vista can not be made.The hard drive on my notebook computer was recently replaced and Save and Restore preformed flawlessly . Everything was restored to the new and larger hard drive without having to match the partition size of the replaced drive . Since this was a planned replacement I immediately did the save and restore and skipped using the incremental backup from 360 . It was poorly planned actually , as I should have tested the 360 backup files while still having a fully functional original drive.In case you are interested the madness in generic terms behind my backup program is presented below.The first and most important comment is the computers I have are not used for business , except for a limited number of emails.Having both a large collection music and picture files that are constantly being added to the following backup procedure was devised . Pictures and music added to the computer go into the music and picture folders . These are the ones backed up by Norton 360 . For one computer the free online storage is 2 GB , for two or three computers it is a total of 4 GB.Every four months a total drive backup with S&R ; is done . Before doing so the picture and music files are copied to the Bmusic and Bpicture folders . After a successful backup all the files in the music and pictures folders are deleted . Any software installed from either CD or download is also stored separately and moved once a total backup is done . This may sound complicated , but it is quite easy to do and has worked well for me.The backup drive for a total drive backup should be at least 1.5 times the size of the drives being backed up . This will allow enough room for two backup copies of the drives using the default S&R ; settings . As backups sometime fail , it is a good idea to always have a minimum of two copies . What I did was make two total backups upon getting the S&R ; program followed by deleting and replacing the oldest backup every four months.The time it takes to backup a disk drive is not strictly based upon the total size of the backup , but the number of files as well . The speed of the drives being backed up from the speed of the drives having the backup written to along with the speed of the CPU , also figure into this equation . A SATA II external hard drive will have a speed about 7.5 times that of a USB drive but may not give backup speeds 7.5 times faster than a USB drive on some systems due to the weakest link item.Be sure to make a backup copy of the Save and Recover program disk . Without this disc any backups made would be useless . It would also be a good idea to boot your computer from this disc at least once to verify your backup is going to be useable when needed.All the Best
 I have two LAN connected PC 's and backup critical data frequently . My goal was to purchase a software package that would allow me to backup the entire contents of both PC 's to an external USB hard drive . This capability would enable me to restore either individual files or the entire contents of either PC in the event of loss of an internal hard drive or a file corruption problem.My research of backup software packages found that most were extremely expensive and did far more than the actual backup and restore capability that I needed . The one exception was Norton 's Save and Restore program . I downloaded the 30-day trial version and installed it on both PC 's . Norton 's Save and Restore package is highly configurable and enabled me to save full images of the C
 I use Save & Restore 2.0 -LRB- and before that V1 .0 -RRB- . When my system got corrupted after installing MS trial software -LRB- and MS tech support was unable to resolve the issue -RRB- I was able to quickly restore my system -LRB- Vista OS -RRB- with Norton 's Save & Restore 2.0 and the CD boot disk that comes with the software.Users need to realize that this is an image program . It creates a compressed image of your hard disk and does incremental updates of the original image . You can restore it to another hard drive from the bakup HD but you ca n't simply plug the external harddrive in and expect to use it from the backup harddrive . The software is not designed for this.If you want to do this you need software such as CMS 's Bouncback Professional , which maintains an uncompressed copy of your HD that can be used a boot drive.That said , Save & Restore is simple and works . It does what it says it does . More importantly , since it stores a compress image it allows me to keep 5 copes of my system -LRB- covering 5 weeks -RRB- on a single external HD.I recommend that one use at least two backup solutions and a UPS . I use Save & Restore -LRB- to an external Seagate USB HD -RRB- , Mozy ; an online service , and a APC UPS to filter the power and provide protection against power surges . Additionally , I copy important files to a CD monthly .
 The following review is based on the Save and Restore v2 .0 included withNorton Systemworks 2009 Premier Edition.Congratulations to the Symantec team on a job well done -- great product and great support !!! My incentive to purchase this software was not only to keep my computer running , which it does easily , but to restore my operating system and other programs without reloading everything from the CDs . The thought of reloading all the registration/activation codes and customization settings was depressing . I needed to replace two 5-yr old hard drives and since they were still functional , if the software did n't work for any reason , I could just reinstall them . I am a wannabe geek with a long way to go to understand how these things work . I used the process below :1 . Using Save and Restore , I created my backups of both drives on a 500 Gb USB powered hard drive . The backups are easy with the 2009 edition , which resolved the unsuccessful backups prevalent in previous editions . -LRB- I am using a 2004 Dell Precision 650 Workstation running Windows XP SP-3 and Norton Internet Security 2009 . I have two large programs that are tricky to install and are no longer supported by the companies if anything went wrong , and very expensive to replace . -RRB- 2 . I created a bootable Symantec Recovery Disk -LRB- SRD -RRB- using a rewriteable CD so it could be customized . I used a downloaded version of this software , which provided an '' . iso '' SRD file . This file was copied to the hard drive , then double-clicked , which automatically activated my CD burner -LRB- Roxio Easy CD Creator 5 Basic -RRB- to create the bootable CD , with the appropriate settings filled in !! I left the bootable CD in the CD burner , and created a custom SRD with my drivers on it , using the Save and Restore File/Create Recovery Disk command . Then I tested the CD by rebooting the computer to the CD and saw the recovery tools menu appear .3 . I replaced the hard drives . I added RAID to the hard drives using a menu during boot-up . This would not be necessary if you are not running RAID .4 . I restarted the computer with the SRD in the drive . After the recovery software came up , I plugged in and turned on the 500Gb USP powered hard drive with my system backups on it , and waited until it was recognized by the system . I selected `` recover my computer '' . The wizard walked me through the process . I selected the latest backup to restore . In about 10 minutes , my entire system was on the new drives , identical to the old drives . Now that was easy !!! Installation and Tech Support
 This is a great piece of software . For my work , I need to constantly search huge archives of back issues of my newsletter and other Word and PDF files . Windows ' search tool is really lousy and it crashes a lot , so I was desperate to get something functional . Then I downloaded the trial version of this software and was shocked by its speed and precision . It indexes just about every kind of file and once the indexing is done , it takes literally 2 seconds to search a huge archive using simple or very complex search criteria.I think this is the most useful tool that any pc user could have on their machine . I have tried many others before , but none do much more than just search Word and text files.But as I said this one is lightening fast with PDF files too!I very highly recommend this software .
 This utility which can catalog all your files , or just the files you want catalogued if you need to quickly access your documents on your hard drive for example * . doc -LRB- Word -RRB- and * . wpd -LRB- Word Perfect -RRB- files only . This is an invaluable tool . It is easy to use , and provides almost instant access to the file you are seeking . You need only type in one idiocyncratic or unusual word to narrow the search , for example , if you have an article abou food and you used an unusual iningredient such as cilantro , when you type in the word cilantro every file with that word and the location of the file is listed and by right clicking on the mouse you can view the file . It has greatly simplified my use of the computer .
 I 've used Panda Internet Security Suite for about four years now . I 've had very good luck with the installation of the product and it does not seem to bog down my programs . Once you properly set up the program , it hums along pretty good . I 've had good experience with their technical support . When I had a problem , they answered me in a couple of days at most . I notice that Consumer Reports in their September 2007 magazine does not even list Panda . That both surprised and disappointed me . I recommend Panda Internet Security Suite 2007 -LRB- recently upgraded to Version 2008 -RRB- .
 After using Norton for YEARS , I bought their `` Personal '' safe . It locked up my laptop until I wanted to cry . I had to FORMAT my hard drive to remove it ! The `` removal tool '' they gave me would n't even get it off . After removal I shopped on Amazon.com for a new virus protection . A lot of the programs have trouble with Windows XP or one of their `` updates '' . This not only loaded without a hitch , it did n't slow my computer down even when running in the back ground . And believe it or not it cost me less than -LSB- ... -RSB- AND had a license for THREE computers , un-real ! I would n't know about customer service because I have n't had a problem with my desktop computer or my laptop .
 Excelent choise for the product and the price .
 Purchased this a while ago and recieved it yesterday.Reason ? My computer was moving much slower than it used to . Mcafee scans my computer everyday , and does n't find anything , yet it was fully updated . I had a feeling it was n't working.When I installed this thing , I scanned it right away . This is what it found : Viruses
 I upgraded to Panda Internet Security 2007 , Platinum Edition -LRB- I 'll just refer to it as `` Panda '' hereafter -RRB- , from Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin suite after a recurring issue forced me to make a decision . I had had good experiences with Trend and was loathe to change , so changing was not something I really wanted to do . After checking my options and doing some research , I decided to give Panda a chance.Panda 's installation was a bit sluggish but it was not unreasonably slow . It did all of the prerequisite checks before configuration and finally it determined that it was ready to install itself . The installation at this point was smooth and straightforward and when it was done it -LRB- understandably -RRB- asked me to reboot the system.Once the system rebooted , I was off to the races . Panda immediately started to look at programs that were trying to access the network , it flagged me down when I had incoming port scan attacks , and it dutifully logged everything going on . It also did something else - it started giving pop-up bulletins . Within 30 minutes I must have received 3 or 4 pop-up bulletins that contained informational messages , not alerts that demanded attention . While these can be configured to not show up , I was just a little annoyed by the frequency under the default settings . These bulletins have decreased since that time.Panda 's first order of business was to eliminate everything it considered to be spyware . This equated to deleting a lot of cookies . Most of these were benevolent , but some were obviously tracking cookies . Panda also seems to be eliminating these types of things when they first reach the system , which in my opinion is a good policy.The firewall does what you would expect a firewall to to - it keeps unwanted traffic out and it prevents programs from reaching the net without your knowledge or approval . A program can be `` locked down '' and denied all access , and through the firewall profile you can make changes and tweaks to access.I did some testing with the antivirus , and it worked relatively quickly to scan the entire system . I was able to tell it to work in the background with reduced CPU requirements and as a result the system did not slow down enough to make it unusable . As of yet it has not found a virus on the system so I just do n't know how it will react to one when/if it finds one . My assumption is that I will get another pop-up bulletin.The integrated antispam has yet to prove itself . I use a different antispam product , but Panda still does an evaluation on every inbound message . So far it seems to be properly marking messages as spam or not spam by the footer it places at the bottom of every message , but the other product I use has done the bulk of the work already . I am waiting to see how Panda handles spam messages that slip through the gauntlet and into my inbox . What I have seen thus far suggests that it will probably manage well enough . The antispam does integrate with Outlook automatically and gives a couple of new buttons for classifying spam when it comes.By default , the parental control feature is turned off , and I decided to turn it on . This is one of the features of Panda I do n't especially like . It manages access through the parental controls by way of profiles with passwords . So , when you have an internet connection and you have parental controls turned on , Panda requires a password just to get out the net at all . Granted , this is only required one time for the connection , but it is cumbersome and annoying . This type of set-up is not well-suited for family computing but is better for office and academic environments . After testing it for a little while and determining that it seems to work fairly well , I turned it off to avoid getting chastised by my family . I would likely use this more if there was a way to tell it to filter the same way for everyone without requiring a password.Panda queries for updates daily . This is reassuring to me , knowing that I am almost always very current and have the latest signature files . I regard this as mostly psychological though , as I doubt I will ever encounter a virus that is new enough to require this tight of an upgrade schedule . The heuristic scan feature of the antivirus is likely to handle anything like that anyway.One of the more interesting features of Panda is the TruPrevent functionality . Basically , this is a behavioral analysis of applications and processes on the system , which looks for unusual or suspicious activity . So far this has turned up nothing on my system , but it is reassuing to know it 's running in the background . This kind of analysis should be used cautiously , though , as there is always a potential for false positives.Visually , Panda is a very simple and straightforward application with a no-nonsense interface . You are not going to be overwhelmed with buttons and sliders and lists and everything else all jumbled on the screen in one big box , but rather everything is kept as simple as possible . Sometimes this means having to dig a little to find the setting you need , but honestly I think the interface is reasonably self-explanatory . The most difficulty I had with Panda was in registering the product . I got a pop-up bulletin that offered a discount if I registered then , and I had already made my mind up to do so , so I followed the offer link . I was taken to a page all in Spanish -LRB- this is not entirely unexpected as I believe that Panda is based in Spain -RRB- . I manageed to reach the English equivalent page , entered the requisite information and the website returned a very short error message . I got through several hours later and got through the registration process , only to find that I was sold the wrong product from the link . To resolve the issue I had to call their office and work it out on the phone.With only a couple of minor annoyances and one registration issue , I have had a very positive experience with Panda . The application is not overly burdensome to my computer , it seems to be very quick and efficient , and it has kept me informed of issues as they arise . I consider this a good solution and I am happy to recommend it .
 All the poor reviews on this product are ridiculous novices who do n't know what they are talking about . Bad burns are not the software they are your burner or the media . Did you ever try burning at a LOWER speed before you left your false comments ?? Nero defaults to MAX speed for all burns and just because your burner may tell Nero it 's capable at that speed does n't mean it IS !! Also what speed is your blank Media capable of ?? Also if you have an OLD burner without its own buffer inside you definitely have to slow down the burn speed . This software works flawlessly and this is the Ultra so everybody complaining about upgrades are leaving their comments for the WRONG product !! You are talking about the Essentials product which comes FREE with burners !! The Essentials software ONLY comes bundled and is n't sold as a store product . The title says it all ... ESSENTIALS !!! Nero has a great product and I have done video editing and MANY numerous audio and video burns fantastically error free except for one dual layer that Nero burned at a faster speed than the Media could handle . There are many ways to ensure clean burns if you check them like in Nero recode having it do 2 passes instead of one . Too many people want to have Nero finish faster than their burner or blank Media are capable of . Know your burner and Media and set burn speeds accordingly .
 Excellent program . No glitches using Windows Vista Home Premium . I previously owned Roxio Easy Media Creator and this a much better software program .
 For burning CDs and DVDs , Nero is more intuitive than Roxio and much less prone to software conflicts .
 Great product , has more features then just CD/DVD burning , system backup , numerous audio recording , editing features , lightscribe and it 's also Vista compatible . The only downside is it 's learning curve some features and options are complex , but once mastered you will be more then pleased with this product .
 The Ultra edition probably has more bells and whistles than most people will ever use , but after having lived through two different versions of Roxio Creater -- which has to be one of the worst CD/DVD burning software programs on the market -- this is a dream by comparison . No longer do I get failed burns or have the burn get 99 % through and lock up . There are lots of fine tuning adjustments to insure a perfect burn , but the overall interface is fairly simple . Shop around because there are bargains to be had on this version , especially if you are willing to get a download version .
 Maybe I 'm an amateur but I have n't had a single problem with Nero after two months of use . I use it primarily to rip my DVDs . There are some other applications it offers that I 'm starting to explore . All of the dvds turn out perfect .
 I do television editing for my church and I dabble alittle at home . I have many editing programs that I use for music and video editing of home movies from cams and 8mm . I had nero 6 and it was ok , but nero7 ultra -LRB- enhanced -RRB- has taken the place of all the other programs . It is my primary editing suite for music and videos . for music I can make changes to songs for skating programs where I would have to send out to have words removed or create a cd for pleasure.This program is remarkable , there are still somethings I have not yet used , this was the best but in this type of program for under $ 800.00 that is how much the programs that we use in the studio starting price is . Buying this program will be a great investment .
 I previously had Nero 6 and it had tons of bugs for me . I upgraded to 7 ultra enhanced when I upgraded my computer to Vista premium , and I was pleasantly surprised . Everything I have tried so far has been flawless.It seems that different systems have different results with Nero . For example some people say Nero 6 works best for them , but on my old system it was horrible -LRB- running on win2k -RRB- . It 's complicated software though , so people should give Nero a break.Overall they do a great job . Just download the trial first and see how it runs on your system .
 I 've been using Nero for a while now and version 7 has the best feature set so far . I love the fact that they give you free updates for all minor version changes for the life of the product.The only time I 've ever had issues with an update they were very responsive in trying to deal with the problem . Despite the limited information I was able to provide them to fix the problem it did n't take long at all for them to release a new version that corrected the issue . I 'm very happy with their customer service , especially considering the relatively low cost of the software .
 Burns things well but there 's too many features in my opinion . This program likes to spread out into everything including my T-Mobile MDA . The mobile software does n't seem to work very well either . It burns cd 's and dvd 's alright though .
 The Nero 7 Ultra Edition Enhanced is a excellent product ... I only wish that I could load . mov videos -LRB- that 's why i did not give it a 5 -RRB- but other than that , it is a good product .
 I love some of features because I only used three or four of the features.the back-up and copy are the best I have seen.I only wished I was able to copy movie DVDs.I would only make back-up copies for my personal use only
 This was exactly what I was looking for and it does exactly what I wanted it to do . Easy to understand and use
 So far , I love it . I had problems with the online update . Took me 2 tries and multiple reboots . Now I have it configured with burnrights for my non-admin account . Running Windows XP Home vers , latest patches . Do n't forget to reboot after installation , BEFORE you try to do the online update . I forgot , and it failed the first time . I bought the retail version , back-ordered , so I know it was pretty recent . I 've used the wave editor , save tracks , and start smart so far.Wave editor - it 's a definite improvement over 5.5 . Nice.save tracks - nice , except it does n't create a directory structure for your filesStart Smart - I hated this in older versions , now it works well , and it 's essential to find what you 're looking for , because there are so many programs now , and they 're not all in the programs menu .
 It 's often surprising how many CD/DVD burning program suites out there simply can not do what you need them to do , but Nero delivers in every way possible . With it , I can directly recode non-copy-protected DVDs as easily as I can make DVDs by dragging and dropping video files . Highly recommended .
 Nero is awesome ! I 've been using it for years and years . It 's always been the best . It 's latest offering , version 7 , is nothing short of amazing ! Whenever I reformat my computer , this is one of the first things that go back on after the OS . And now it 's compatible with Vista.Just a few things that you can do with Nero that many people do n't know about -LRB- These are features I use , I know there are more -RRB- . Nero is famous for it 's power with copying CD 's and DVD 's , but Nero is also a powerful video editing and compiling program . I use it to make home DVD 's , Picture DVD 's , Video CD 's ... just about anything you could think of . As soon as a new technology comes out , Nero is on top of it , with support for Blue Ray now . You can even copy videos right onto your PSP -LRB- for anyone who does n't know , it 's a tricky process to get videos to register properly on your PSP . Nero makes it easy -RRB- . Nero also has a simple , but powerful CD/DVD label program , and can also burn lightscribe labels for you easily.It also has a neat feature where you can have it shut the computer down when it 's done with a job . Some jobs take a long time , and you may not want to wait up for it . It 's handy in this case.The two big CD/DVD copy programs out there are Nero and Roxio . Nero beats Roxio hands down in every category !!!
 Up front I 'll tell you that I was n't all that thrilled with Nero 7 when I bought it a couple of months ago . However , with the introduction of the `` Enhanced '' version , Nero offered a free upgrade to current owners and I figured that I had nothing to lose by giving it try . I 'm glad I did , the issues that I had with SoundTrax have been corrected and the buggy installation seems to have mostly disappeared . I say mostly only because I received two errors regarding the inability to register a DLL , but that may be related to my installing the Enhanced version over the older version of Nero 7 . This latest version of Nero is an excellent CD/DVD burn product with enough added goodies to make it a well-rounded useful addition to your desktop . With these latest fixes I finally feel that I have the product I was expecting when I bought it . Why just a 4 ? I 'd like to spend a bit more time with this version before I give it a 5 .
 I 've migrated from Roxio to Nero . I found Nero products a lot more robust and able to do a variety of things . The entire kit is well thought out and very effective especially if one wants to detail recordings as a professional .
 I bought this program so I could put my home videos on DVD . It works very well , allowing you to trim scenes and add your own chapter points wherever you wish . It also comes with a wide variety of picture and audio tools you can use . The only problems I had were when I tried to update it online . I ran into errors and the program appeared to delete itself and not install the new version . I used Windows restore function to go back to where I had originally installed the program and had no problems . I also had one error message when I installed from the disc . The program appeared to be looking for an high-def capable DVD-ROM drive . I just clicked to continue and the program finished installing without any problems .
 Nero 7 has more features and more capabiity than I ever expected for such a reasonable price . It meets all of my audio and video needs and then some . The challenge will be to discovere and learn how to use the many progams within the program .
 This is the worst product I have used for recording and time shifting TV . TV recording is a brand new feature to the Nero suite and it is advertised touting this capability . The average user , however , probably will not be able to figure out how to make it work due to it requiring a 3rd party -LRB- xmltv -RRB- , dos based utility to update the program guide for which Nero does n't provide any instructions on setting up . Even if successful in this endeavor you then must manually import the program guide that you 've downloaded into the Nero suite . As only about a weeks worth of programming content is available at any one time this download and import must be completed frequently . Other poor features of the PVR function include having to ` map ' all of your video card 's channels one-by-one to the channel guide content you 've downloaded , the program guide is poor as well and is n't really useful until you 've labeled and mapped all of your channels . I 'll be going back to GB-PVR -LRB- free -RRB- for my DVRI still gave this product good marks as still I consider it to be the gold standard of burning , some of the other items in the suite still appear to be afterthoughts , just be mindful of that when making your purchasing decisions .
 I originally bought a CD-DVD-RW drive that shipped with the O.E.M version of Nero 7 . Every so often it would `` freeze-up '' and I would have to reboot the computer . Since I bought the full blown edition of Nero 7 there has been no `` freeze-ups '' . What I really liked about this edition is it comes with about 20 programs and you have the option to install which ones you feel you may need .
 I 've used Nero since Version 5 . So upon installation on my Vista Home Premium system , the interface was familiar and easy to navigate . All the functions I want to use are there and seem to be working just fine.I 've read complaints here and elsewhere that Nero 7 takes over your system . It 's important to be careful about which components you install -LRB- you can always add a component later -RRB- . Also , and this is critical , they give you the option as to which files you want Nero to open by default . I simply deselected all of them . If I want Nero to , say , open a jpg file , I 'll use the `` Open with '' command . I also did not install any program icons on my desktop . And to avoid installation problems , be sure to turn off any antivirus software and any other programs you have running -LRB- like it says in the manual -RRB- . If you have earlier versions of Nero installed , be sure to remove them first before you do anything else . I did all of that and it was a very straightforward and easy installation . The only really annoying thing was , at the very outset of the installation , they give you the option to install `` Just Ask '' . It 's easy to miss , and I do n't want it . So be sure to look for that and deselect it if you do n't want it .
 Nero 7 the original version was useless in that it prevented you from burning some things ; mysteriously Nero had suddenly undone itself . All of that has now changed with the new update . It is so good that you can now burn ANYTHING on Vista.Nero Inc also released a `` Nero 7 cleantool '' for removing bad installs . If you have had trouble with Nero 7 on Vista then the cleantool will fix it . Apply the tool . Clean install.Nero 7 is 99.9 % effective but has a tendency to corrupt now again simply because it has a vast configuration system . Nero is a core burning tool . This means that several backup packages out there will actually find Nero on install and use it for burning . One example is DVDshrink that runs Nero in the background while backing up DVD movies on DVD-R . I/O errors with these programs , including DVD Decrypter , are usually the result of a configuration problem with Nero . One example is updating your firmware . Sometimes this requires you to reinstall Nero . This problem however is the only bug I have found with Nero . Just on the side - I highly recommend either Sony , Imation , Memorex , Verbatim as relatively cheap good second class media -LRB- 80 % or higher burn success rate -RRB- . DVD is still in its early days of development and some media is garbage so do n't blame Nero if you make coasters -LRB- half burned DVD-R Discs that are useless to you -RRB- with this software . I also recommend a healthy supply of at least 3 DVD-RW Discs for TESTING your burning so that you NEVER make a coaster and waste money . Okay , now back to Nero.Nero Burning Rom is the real tool in the bundle . It is the most configurable burning tool in the package while Nero Express is for those who do not know a thing about burning and works like a Wizard . A word of advice is to stick with the Rom and learn it without using the Wizard . You can choose from dozens of CD formats and dozens DVD formats , including several variations of each format . Image burning and hybrid discs of any time are all here . There is not a disc format you can not burn with this program . Burner hardware based error correction systems in conjunction with the Nero software make a perfect burn almost every time . Nero also happens to be extremely fast , if not the fastest out there , however fast is also in terms of how fast your burner is , but the software package requires little to no processing before a 8GB DVD is being pulled onto your HD . You can create ISOs with Nero and even use Nero to open up ISOs so you can read the content -RRB- . There is an amazing amount of free software out there that uses this burner as their base and rightly so . It is the best burning software out there at this time of writing.Pros : - If you can learn tutorials for all types of backups then this and a DVD burner will change your life if you play games and watch movies . - Solid performance . With good hardware and media almost flawless burns every time . - Nice configuration . Can even backup your PS and Xbox Games . - All burning formats . - About 266mb in size.Cons : - Let 's face it . DVD burning and backup does have a bit of a learning curve . Read plenty of tutorials that use Nero to do specific backups . - Corrupts sometimes and needs cleaning before reinstall . - You really need a top of the range machine to backup a DVD in less than an hour .
 This is the first time I tried Nero , so I did n't have an older version to upgrade , so I ca n't speak to any of those issues . I can say the update process for this version did hang up the first time . But then , after rebooting , and retrying the update - it worked just fine.I was amazed at how easy it was to take `` TiVo-to-go '' video downloads , edit them , and then burn them to DVD . The video DVD burning -LRB- Nero Vision -RRB- is pretty intuitive - even removing commercials.I 'm happy with this software and I recommend it .
 I upgraded to the 7.0 version when I moved to Vista . Works FANTASTIC . One tip
 The product did just what I wanted and that is to burn videos onto dvds from my camera . I had an earlier version of Nero but it would not do this .
 I picked up Nero 7 Ultra Edition Enhanced a few days ago and am thrilled . I have tried a variety of programs over the years to burn CDs and DVDs and I keep finding myself coming back to Nero . I have been particularly impressed with its interface , as it is so intuitive . I loaded the program and I was up and running ... No lost time scratching my head wondering where to find features . They are all logically arranged under Nero 's Smart Start . I am finding it very easy to produce DVDs from my Video Tapes that look like I paid a professional to do it . I also am taking a lot of my DVD material and converting it to Mpeg 4 to take with me on the road . Nero made that easy as well . In short , this is a program worth having . It does all the burning functions you could ever want and then offers you even more . I only use about a third of what this software can do , but find it well worth the money . One word of advice , when you install it , think about whether you want Nero to be your default browser for all your media types . I personally did not and it was easy to uncheck those boxes .
 Great product to have if you have Windows Vista . The burning software works faster and better than the Vista Utility .
 I 've been using CD and DVD burning programs since 2000 aproximately and there is only one thing that is unarguable ... All burning software has its flaws , or limits.Other thing is that I had used Nero before but never liked it . My favorite used to be Roxio , then they were n't as reliable , so I tried Ulead CD creator , but is limited , and finally I liked Sonic Record Now and My DVD which I felt very good with but it 's old and now to upgrade you would need to go back to Roxio.LIKESFor the first time I can edit Video when creating DVD 's , previuos programs let me edit video and add music , titles , but would reduce image quality , not this program . Since this is basically why I got it that makes me give ahigh rating.Internet data base for CD text is better than Windows Media Player 's . INCD is the best they have produced , previous ones I used did n't work as well as this one.Powerful music editing tools , which you can use if you want background music in your videos but all the song wo n't fit or just wa n't to play a bit.Cool interface , which you can customize to your prefered colors or patterns.DISLIKESNON RESPONSIVE CUSTOMER SERVICE . On april 19th I sent a request for help because if I try to burn a multisession disc it wo n't work and ruin the disc . It 's may 15th and no answer , since I have read of other peoples complaints about customer service I have n't bothere in remimding this guys about my problem.As explained above ca n't record in multi sessions , not even using CD-RW . So I do n't use this feature . I still have record now 7.2 which works prefectly so I can live with that , and also the fact that using INCD lets you record in multiple sessions creating a huge floppy disc out of a CD-R or CD-RW . Do n't take my word , what I would suggest is to download the trial version which is the full version that expires in 15 days or a month and see for yourself if you like it or not . This program will work great for some systems and very bad in others so the best thing to do is try it before you buy .
 Before I bought this product I noted with interest the negative reviews . For the record I do n't work for Nero , and never have . I am s software programmer and small network admin who has a pretty fair knowledge of how software things work . I tried out the downloadable trial and then bought this product after using the trial for a few days . The download installs just fine in both WinXP SP2 and Vista RTM . Product seems fine to me . I guess others have had their bad experiences ; I certainly do n't know why . Oh , the reason I installed the downloaded version was that the package product notes suggested I do so for Windows Vista . I used the key with my retail package and then the product went from demo to full . I am pleased with what I have .
 I 've used it to create several slide-show DVD 's and at least three other DVD movies -LRB- from digital & analog video cassette recorders -RRB- . I especially liked the slide-show feature to `` fit '' the slides into the background music 's timeframe - AWESOME!I had zero intall issues or any other problems . It 's been a lifesaver for me - created a 50th Anniversary DVD slide show for my folks and it turned out GREAT ! Not just the DVD , but the jewel-case inserts and Disc Label turned out great too !
 Nero 7 Ultra is user friendly , versatile and very practical software . More useful than Roxio .
 I 've gone the Norton and McAffee route for over 10 years the most recent of which have been with Norton 's bloated memory busting System Works 2005 . Since the 2003 version I have noticed a significant slowing of my computing but have been unable to identify the source.I ran four different anti-spyware programs , I `` cleansed '' the system using all of Norton 's utilities and still my computer was painfully slow hanging up on startup and shutdown . I even ran Hijack This and scrupulously followed the tutorial on MajorGeeks . My problems grew progressively worse until I read somewhere that Norton might well be causing my problems.At first I discounted this possibility out of hand - I mean , after all , this was a premier program that had been around for years ! Their new CEO is touted as the second coming by all of the business magazines and newspapers . Surely , IT could n't be the source of my problems . But out of frustration I took Norton off of my computer and VOIL&Agrave; my problems went away ! I could n't believe it . No more computer crashes , no more slovenly performance , no more hanging up on shutdown and interminable startup times.I was then confronted with finding another program to supplant Norton . I searched Cnet and came up with PC-Cillin ! This program works great . I does not degrade performance one iota ! No hanging up on shutdown or interminable startup times . This program works silently in the background and is literally updated daily in 3 - 5 seconds . I could n't possibly be more pleased.For the life of me I can not understand how a company as distinguished as Symantec could fritter away all their goodwill and reputation by putting out a program that is quite simply awful.Do yourself a favor . Forget Norton and McAffee . PC-Cillin is incomparably better . My computer , for the first time in 18 months , works like it was brand new .
 I am a casual pc user who gave up using Norton and Macafee 3 years ago because of persistent problems I encountered with both programs - interminible running times and poor tech support to mention but 2 . After reading PC Mags review of PC-cillin , I purchased the disc and have never regretted the choice since . Yes there are some problems from time to time but , I have always been able to either resolve them myself or get help from their tech support . They get my vote .
 Slim `` westsideb , there 's a reason why programs have things called `` requirements '' that need to be payed attention to . I 've been in the pc world for 20 + years and this program works flawlessly for me .
 Packaged well , but did not work on updated computer . Designed to work on older computer systems .
 My 6 year old has been playing this game since he was 3 . We got him a new computer so we had to upgrade a new version . He loves it !
 As a marketing student I 'm interested in how things have been sold to people over the years . This disk is an example of the oldest marketing I 've looked at -LRB- most of it is from the turn of the 20th century and much of the concepts are primitive compared to modern marketing methods.Still , it 's interesting to see how modern markeing concepts - including the idea that sex and adventure sell better than anything else - were developed at this time.The quality of the images is very good and you can see how concepts progressed .
 I think they could have made the user interface little better , but overall it was fast and reliable burning software for its price.I have n't tried all the features yet , but included DVD Authoring Studio was a big bonus .
 This CD ROM is a showcase of poets performing their works , talking about their poetry , and discussing how they think of themselves and their work as poets in digitized interviews . I was enchanted with the performances of the poems ; it was amazing to me to watch the rhythm of the poetry through the poet 's own words . In addition , some of the poetry was adapted by the writer to be performed with music as a vocal performance.I feel this CD-ROM could be used in schools in several ways . First , it could be used as an example of the effect an author has on his work . Because the poets are talking about and reading their own poetry , you get a unique perspective on the poems . This would be a really interesting way to talk about ownership of writing and the importance of the author 's intention.A second way this CD-ROM could be used is in helping students to define poetry . Not all of the poems on this CD-ROM are published , and some were edited to be accompanied by music or to better fit into an oral performance setting.Each of the poets had a unique way of presenting their work and it was difficult to categorize any of the poets together . This could spark an interesting discussion of `` What is poetry ? `` Finally , I think this CD-ROM would encourage students to think about different ways of expressing themselves . I was inspired to write poetry after viewing these performances and I think students would be , too.One of the drawbacks of this CD-ROM was the language used in some of the poems . I definitely would limit this CD-ROM to seniors , possibly juniors , in high school because of the language and content . Also , I was disappointed in the lack of written text to accompany the performances of each poet . I found myself wanting to know more about each of the poets , and no biographical or publishing information was given on the CD-ROM to answer some of the questions that I had . However , this could be a benefit for some students who would then be motivated to do research on the poets he/she found intriguing on this CD-ROM . All in all , I found the directions for use very simple and the performances to be engrossing . There is a lot of material on this CD-ROM ; I recommend at least an hour for viewing in order to experience a wide range of the forms and styles featured . I 'm looking forward to seeing more classrooms encouraging `` poetry in motion . `` The original Manufacturer 's Suggested Retail was $ 29.95 for each volume.More Voyager Interactive Software : For All MankindComic Book ConfidentialAmanda Stories
 I purchased OmniGraffle and OmniOutliner at the same time because I really was n't sure which product would be best in terms of organizing and presenting ideas . After using both I have to say that OmniGraffle is by far the better product , especially if you are visually oriented in terms of your organizing.OmniOutliner is intended for a different purpose than Graffle . And that 's OK.It 's not just a checklist or a basic word processor that creates bullet points . At its core is a concept of creating headlines with cascading sub-points that can be exposed or hidden depending at the will of the user . These sub-points , either logically or mathematically , create the sum of the headline.For example : The checklist
 If you are looking for an app to design diagrams , flowcharts , mindmaps , ? look no futher.OmniGraffle -LRB- from the makers of OmniWeb -RRB- offers all the tools , and once you have gotten the idea behind the unusual interface , it is extremely powerful .
 I started out with OmniGraffle 2 , and then upgraded to OmniGraffle 3 . I 've done countless diagrams of systems , networks and software design . This is an incredibly intuitive tool which really does make it easy to produce diagrams which look terrific - there 's no Visio `` grunge '' to get in the way . Diagrams print well , can be rendered into any number of graphics formats , and are out-and-out pretty , which always helps get the message across !
 While I prefer OmniGraffle 3.0 , this version is damn close . The reviewer who claims the software has `` bugs '' obviously has never used it . There is nothing on the market -LRB- Mac or Windows -RRB- that even approaches the ease of use and flexibility of OmniGraffle . Visio is a piece of junk in comparison . But do n't take me at my word . Download the test version and check it out yourself . It makes the most wonderful visual representations of information than you could ever imagine . I 've used it to create timelines , flowcharts , program covers , and jury presentations . No one can believe how professional the results are , but , more importantly , jaws drop at how easy it is to access and use its rich features.I 'd rate it a 10 if I could .
 I would really like to try this product . I bought a product before that had 10 titles in one but I have lost my Cd-Rom . I was very pleased with this product I just hate that I ca n't find it .
 This is a neat little package . What you get with the CD are 70 free blank business cards to use , a 1-year subscription to download new images from the Elibrium website , and some order forms for specialized papers . Here are some of the features.Millions of Business Card Combinations .2.5 Million Images & FontsOver 2,200 background designs , from classic to contemporaryDozens of professionally designed text layoutsVertical and Horizontal designsInsert your logo or photo imageCustom Design ToolsAccepts scanned and imported imagesPrints to any laser or inkjet printerWorks with Avery , PaperDirect , and moreIf you 're trying to set up your own business on a shoestring budget , then this program is affordable and very easy to use , especially if you 're in a hurry . The clip art is standard , but there is a lot you can do in terms of layout and design . You can choose any of the hundreds of templates on the CD , or you can make your own business card from scratch.I did n't try scanning or importing any text or images , so I ca n't tell you about that feature . A PDF help file is automatically downloaded onto your hard drive when you install the program . I found it clear and concise.Overall , I was very satisfied with this program . I only wished that it allowed you to design matching letterhead and envelopes . Elibrium does offer a sister program in the My Profesional series that lets you create all three pieces and and then some , but for -LSB- a few dollars -RSB- more . If you 're looking for a matched set of stationery , I suggest you buy that product instead . But if all you need is a business card program , then this is well worth the money .
 This is the only linux distrobution I use . Known for its stability and as the distrobution that mostly resembles Unix and is true to the LHS and FHS I wont put anything else on my computer . Many people say that slack is hard to learn or that no programs exists for linux , but dont let their misguided statements discourage you , I have been running nothing but slackware for a little over a year now , and have never once needed a program that wasnt available for linux , and I do alot of things with my computer . Also , slackware has one of the nicest and easiest installers of all linux distros . If you have tried the other distros , but feel that something is missing , or you arnt learning as much as you 'd like , try slackware . Slackware will not hide the operating system from you , in fact it will put it smack dab in your face . Trust me , with slackware , you will learn linux , and learn it well . You have to , or slackware wont do much . But again , thats a good thing , dont let that discourage you . If you want to learn about computer systems and Unix , then slack is the way to go . Also unlike other distros who have fancy schmancy packagemanagers that often end up breaking your distro , slackware has one of the best no hassel package systems . Its package format is simple source files . there is no dependancy checking , so nothing gets broken . A slack system is a beautiful thing .
 I started with linux by using RedHat ... Redhat is a good distor but i kept killing my system . After many installs i learned why . It was the RPM packages . I then used Slackware . Contrary to its name , to get this working there is NO slacking . It invloves learning , and time . Its both a good hobby distro and a good one to use to learn the perticulars for * NIX operating systems . Best of all there are NO pacages everything is packaged in tar or gzip files . All are source . This allows you to customize everything , if you wish . A great distro , it deserves more praise then it typically gets .
 Linux seems to be getting all of the press these days and it should . Hour by hour this upstart OS is gaining momentum and more converts from a growing body of people who would like to be free from the Redmond Juggernaut . But many have n't heard -- must less tried -- the `` other '' Unix OS
 i got this software about 8 months ago , it took me awhile to learn it , this is just what i need for my home base office , i am very please with this product
 I like this software . I keep all by my addresses in it . It is easy to use and allows for label printing .
 From out the box -- while very similar to Microsoft word -- the vast improvement here is `` time '' saved on getting the polished look right out the box . This software remembers all the right things you will need to have a finished and proffessional looking script -LRB- talent not included -RRB- .
 This program is a great program that gives you a nice layout of an unlimited amount of writing possiblities . If you want to write a screenplay for a film its simple and easy to learn . No special hardware required just a basic computer and you are good to go . Great program if you are on a budget also . Though there is about a weeks learning curve before you can really start writing about 5-10 pages a day .
 Final Draft 7 Professional Scriptwriting -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- I read reviews for both Movie Magic and Final Draft . I took my time deciding which to buy . I decided to buy Final Draft because most of the professional screenwriters used it , and I was fortunate to get a great deal on it . I still was a bit skeptical , since some of those who liked Movie Magic slammed Final Draft.I 've been using it for several months now and it is incredible . NO FREEZES , NO PC CRASHES , NO LOST MATERIAL , NO PROBLEMS , PERIOD . AND IT DOES EXACTLY WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO DO . Using WORD was a nightmare when it came to having to constantly reformat material . Final Draft has made writing a real joy . I can concentrate on the material .
 I just needed a place to expand on , build on , a script I am working on . I tried a bunch of free programs and even others that were ` low cost ' - forget that ... Final Draft does the job , easily , clearly and without a fuss . I 'm really happy with it .
 I have n't tried any other scriptwriting software but this one worked well for me . It 's time-saving and makes your script look the way it 's supposed to . It 's easy to use and I like the format check it will do for you before you print . I think the voices feature is a cool idea but in reality the voices are useless because they do n't sound human or have a clue as to inflection . There are more applications and features that are probably awesome but I have n't checked them out yet . Overall , I do recommend it .
 I have little discipline , so I have n't used my Final Draft as much as I 'd like . Though when I have used it , I have found it to do everything I want it to do . I 'm still learning the screenwriting process , and from what I 've learned , there are some special techniques that I have found that this software does n't allow you to do , namely in the way of specialized types of slug lines . This version of Final Draft seems to work best with the general master shot type of writing . Still , I 've learned how to get around it . I love my Final Draft .
 I started using Final Draft7 immediately . The instructions were simple ; the tutorial was practical and effective . I was able to begin the work on my screenplay in a short period of time . It is easy to use . I did my outline in WORD and wish I 'd had Final Draft from the beginning.SJW
 The demo and usability of thie program works fine ... But there is an update to my version 7 and I want to receive it . I am trying to register and simply get an error . If I want the update , I have to be registered , and if I want to contact them , I need to be registered . So how do I get help on registering , if I need to be registered to get the help ?
 I have written or re-written over 30 scripts , both hits and flops , both TV and Feature , with Final Draft . Like most people who have made the mistake of buying Movie Magic Screenwriter , I switched when the program did n't work and they made me angry on the phone . I have never had a problem with my fonts , or tech support , or upgrading or updating . Ever . They even make their own font to make the switch from Mac to Win seamless and it is . The other programs are okay , but not as ` finished ' , maybe because just about every TV show and Film is made with Final Draft . It really is combat tested . I just bought another copy from amazon.com for my office and both companies are great !
 I was forced to switch to Final Draft by the studio that hired me , and I switched , kicking and screaming from my old stand by . Now I could never go back . Take the plunge - it totally changed the speed in which I crank out a script . I 'm much faster now . Believe me , Hollywood is going to want you to use Final Draft , anyway . I am doing re-writes and the process has been streamlined with the new multiple window features . I just did it - I re-worked a setup on page 13 of the script and its payoff on page 86 - onscreen , at the same time ! I have been waiting for this . I had a problem with priinting when I first got it , but I bought it when it was just released and Final Draft fixed it in a patch . I had more problems with XP when it first came out . After shopping online , I found it on amazon !
 I 've had Final Draft for 2 days now and I think this program is awesome . My script is materializing with much ease . Now that I have this program , my overloaded brain can finally be emptied . Hail Final Draft !
 No doubt , this is the best script writer 's sexton . Easy format , ready to use out of the box .
 Final Draft is a great piece of software which will make your screenwriting a lot easier . Very intuitive and straight forward . If you are serious about writing scripts , give into the industry standard and get Final Draft . The only comment I would have is that it looks a little retro for this day and age . They could work on the design a little . But this does not keep it from being a great program . You wo n't regret this purchase .
 Final Draft makes script writing easy . I 'm new to the whole process of writing scripts and am delighted to use this program .
 Final Draft 7 professional is a great screenwriting software . Before I purchased mine , I had the privillege to use a friends ' . Having asked around what would be ideal amongst the numerous screenwriting softwares my professor in school gave me an orientation of Final Draft 7 professional . It is `` Simply The Best , Better Than The Rest ; '' ... Tina Turner.I decided to purchase mine now for use soon as I purchase a Mac computer by February ending . I have a PC at present but I need to embrace the Mac for all it has to offer . I will bet my money on this product for its ' utmost satisfaction !!! Sincerely , Ifeanyi Paul Nwokedi
 This software has been a huge help in formatting the soon-to-be hit TV pilot that my writing partner & I are working on . We 'll be sure to thank Final Draft & Amazon in our Emmy acceptance speech !
 Final Draft 7 Professional Scriptwriting Win/MacExcellent script writing software program . I 'm upgrading from an earlier version I used on my PC ; now writing on a Mac .
 Final Draft is seriously the best screenwriting software out there . I 'm a college student looking to go into the Film industry , and with the help of Final Draft , I am able to get my ideas easily into the script format !
 This is an extremely useful tool for anyone who 's serious about writing a screenplay . A must have for both amateurs and professionals !!
 I bought Final Draft 7 a few years ago for screen writing purposes . It 's a great product . However , it 's pricey , and many budding novelists and screenwriters are on limited budgets.I 've recently discovered software that is elegant , intuitive , remarkably easy to use while also being incredibly versatile , and it costs about 10 times less than Final Draft . It offers the similar features and more . It 's called Scrivener . It 's Mac native , but the Windows Beta is being shipped in the spring . Trial versions of both are available at their website `` literatureandlatte -LRB- dot -RRB- com '' . Created mainly with novelists in mind , it includes templates for many other types of writing including thesis styles , recipe books , essays , AND movie and TV screenplays . It may have more features than you need . Google the product name and take it for a test drive . For the cost-conscious , Scrivener might do everything you need it to do . Once you 've written your work , the software compiles it and saves it . Again , multiple output formats are available including PDF.Bonus
 Well this is n't going to really help anyone . I agree with all the positive customers on this one .
 As a screenwriter I find this tool absolutely essential in order to appear professional . The `` Tip of the Day '' is a great opener to the program . Everything is made easy in terms of formatting and it 's easy to just open up and start using . There 's lots of great little tools like being able to see your script with index cards and being able to make notes . Everything 's at your fingertips like creating a pdf and registering the script with the WGA and it 's pretty much the standard in Hollywood . What more can you ask for ?
 As a first time screenwriter I needed a program that was easy to learn and great to work with and I found it . Final Draft.I love this program ! It has eveything I need even index cards to keep my ideas on.The only draw back , and I found out about it AFTER I purchased the program , is that the part where it reads the script back to you does n't work on vista computers so I had to install the program on an old compter but it still works great !
 This software makes writing a script childs play . As long as you can think up a great story , you are good to go . It takes the guess work out of the form and function aspect . It also helps to organize thoughts and scene ideas . No more index cards for me ! I do n't know how I lived without it !
 I have to admit I did n't know that much about the software expect that it formatted screenplays and had notecards . I bought it because of a recommendation , I heard it was the best . When I did the tutorial I learned that it did so much more than write a script . It 's a word processor , and has templates for treatments , outlines , manuscripts , resumes , and of course , as advertised does stageplays and TV shows . But it has different templates for BBC TV shows and 3 different types of stageplays , as well as broadway musicals . It also comes with Tagger a software that tags items like character , locations , and props in your script to breakdown for schedules and budgets . I ca n't tell you a lot about the bugs people are talking about because I have not noticed anything yet . I did n't use the other versions so I have no complaints about this version . The software has done nothing but been a blessing to me .
 I have been researching several products for screenwriting . I am a beginner . I do not recommend Hollywood Screenwriter due to restrictions
 First , I have never had problems with the kinds of bugs reported here . The patches make things only better , but when I read the kinds of fixes the patches address , I can say that I have not seen most , if any , of them.Second , the fact that I 'm pro-Final Draft 7 does not make me anti-Movie Magic Screenwriter . In fact , I 've agonized about buying both programs , just to be covered . I have sampled the MMS demo , and what I do n't like about it is that the interface is a far cry from the MS Word style that is claimed . Final Draft 7 mirrors the Windows XP interface , and when the you 've set the font display to maximum resolution , it looks beautiful.Third , Final Draft 7 makes the art of screenplay writing addictive -LRB- not that MMS does n't -RRB- . As you get yourself immersed in the process , you can find it hard to pull yourself away.Fourth , Final Draft offers a special pricing policy for military customers -LRB- of course , I can use the MMS competitive upgrade policy and save even more -RRB- . I contacted Write Brothers both by phone and e-mail about a military pricing policy , and received conflicting information . By e-mail , I was told that they have a military pricing policy . Why they do n't publicize this on their web site is beyond me . When I called them , however , I was told that no such pricing policy exists , and that if I was looking to save money , I should try Amazon or other sites.Personally , I love Final Draft . I 'm looking for a reason to also add MMS to my software suite , but I have n't seen enough reasons -LRB- yet -RRB- to take the plunge .
 Read the negative feedback on this site , so I attempted to use Word -LRB- again -RRB- for all of my script formatting . It looked horrible , so I decided to give FD7 a try , regardless of the reviews . Typed the entire script , made revisions , tracked changes , made more revisions ... The program worked great , and the script looks better than anything I would have had the patience to create in Word.Maybe they have fixed all of the initial problems -LRB- that I read about on this site -RRB- , but I think it is an excellent program . I recommend it to anyone , who , like me , likes to write and hates worrying about where he/she has placed the `` more '' and `` continued '' on the page , or how the margin on my dialogue centers .
 I am a short story writer that is now trying to write scripts . After reading a number of scripts , I was very concerned that I would have to go through all kinds of hoops to keep the formatting and pagination . In fact , I put off starting a script because I was so worried about it . My friends recommended Final Draft . As soon as I sat down and installed it , I realized I had nothing to worry about . I was able to start expressing my ideas quickly and easily . Now all I have to do is finish a script and sell it !
 I am a beginning scriptwriter and I found the software easy to use , and undestandable - however , it does on occasion crash , so I put my automatic save at 3 minutes . Also , you have to think twice when saving , because the fdr files can only be edited in Final Draft , so you need to make a rich text backup as well . But , let me tell you if you are looking for a way to save time - this is the product you want to get
 Screenwriting requires a specific format and you simply ca n't go wrong with this program . The only issue is if you have Windows Vista . Although there are fixes for the problems on the main website , they did n't work for me , so I 'm stuck tied to my desktop that has the older version of Windows .
 I used this product once I received it . I Love it , and recommend to anybody looking for a smooth , well developed , easy to use screen-writing program to pick up a copy of the latest Final Draft installment . Even if you have an earlier version , check this one out , it has so much more .
 12/2012 Notes
 We have been a long time user and seller of Final Draft . It 's been our most popular product for over 4 years . As a screenwriter myself , I love the new Panels features and additional features Final Draft has added to make Final Draft not just more user-friendly but more writer-friendly . Joe MeffordPresidentScreenStyle.com
 The first reviewer says that this program quits whenever `` go to '' is used . Not with me . Works like a charm in OS X. Maybe he needs to reinstall or check something else.Everything going good so far .
 As with most sophisticated software , the initial release of a new version has flaws . What separates good companies from bad is how quickly they fix the problems . Now that Final Draft has released a patch for Version 7 , it shines . I wish Microsoft would fix their products this fast ! I think the new Summary Cards are the bomb ! They have given me a great way to develop projects , enabled me to make all kinds of notes and to view them along with my script . Simply fabulous .
 From what I 've seen of this product , it has everything that I need to write professional looking plays . I just need to find the time to explore all of the features ... and to write in general . I 've written one script , and re-formatted another using this program , and have been very impressed with how much time this program can save you once you know what you 're doing .
 I really just like having a program to format screenplays and do n't really use all the extra gadgets . Before this I used a program called Sophocles that worked very well . It did not work for Mac however so I bought Final Draft . No bugs , no freeze ups as others have mentioned .
 I got this product free in an Emmy goodie bag . I 'm not a professional writer , but I have a lot of ideas and wanted to write them down . So this came along and I started using it . I 've not experienced one bug or crash . I 've used almost all features of the software and it works great . I 'm using it under Windows XP ... to all those with crashes and bugs , maybe it 's your Mac ! : -RRB- I would recommend this to anyone .
 Even though I have done a lot of writing in my life , I had never written a complete screenplay . I 've had lots of ideas , but had never written them down . I finally decided to get some of these ideas out on paper . I knew from talking with friends who already work in the industry that script readers are very particular when it comes to the format of a screenplay and that one formatting error can cause someone to throw away an otherwise wonderful script . I considered other screenwriting software , but after speaking with my industry insider friends and doing other research I felt that FINAL DRAFT was the best software to get . I 've been using FINAL DRAFT 7 for awhile now and have not had any problems with it . For writing screenplays , I love this software . I have not had any trouble with the software not loading and I 've not lost anything I 've ever written -LRB- though I tend to save a lot of my work frequently anyway -RRB- . I 've read most of the other reviews about FINAL DRAFT 7 on Amazon and it seems that people either really like the software or they hate it . I fall into the former category and have found it quite useful . For a beginning screenwriter , it works wonderfully . The only downside I have with the software is that it is quite expensive . As an educator , I was able to get a discount . FINAL DRAFT offers a discount for students , educators , and military personnel , but if you 're not able to get that discount then the software is about double the cost that it should be .
 I updated to Final Draft 7 early on and have been downloading updates as soon as they are released . Initially , I did have problems with the program but now feel it is as stable -LRB- or more stable -RRB- than version 6 . I have emailed Final Draft Tech Support a number times over the years and have always received prompt , courteous answers . I have been to a few Final Draft demos at a Apple Stores and met some of their people and found them to be OK folks that listen to their users . I find Max 's experience hard to believe . It seems totally out of character that the response he said he got came from Final Draft -LRB- or any software company -RRB- . Could someone be hijacking their server ? Anyway , I think they did a good job quickly fixing version 7 .
 Final 7 certainly makes the process of screenwriting comprehensible to those who are not familiar with the format . There are still many things about Final 7 that I have yet to utilize , and much I have yet to learn , but it is possible for a novice to simply dig right in and get started . My only problem with the program package I received is that it does not have a real instruction manual with it -- one that is already printed and bound . The cd was helpful but obviously could not explain all components of the program , and downloading the manual seems a little sorry when the program itself is costly . But maybe it 's just me !
 After all of the hoopla and disgruntlement I 'd read , I find Final Draft 7 just fine and dandy -- albeit sometimes clunky . Within minutes I was working on a tv script and within a month the script was completed . Of course , placing it is another matter , but that 's not Final Draft 's problem .
 For me , this is an excellent product . It installed without a problem and is intuitive to use . I love that it opens a script to exactly the paragraph I left off when closing it . Another huge plus is its ability to read aloud the dialog . This helps pick up typos and poor phrasing .
 I am a new writer and have found Final Draft to be all and more than I could have asked for . Initially I feared that the learning curve of the using of the software may be too steep , but in using it soon found out that it was not nearly as complicated as I had thought . The software truly raises the ability that you have to one that is professional and allows you to focus on the story instead of format . It has been a blessing to use this software and I highly recommend it .
 ... and that 's not saying much . This was bought under the recommendation of my brother -LRB- cinematographer -RRB- who uses it pretty regularly.I like it . It seems pretty straight forward once you use the help files for things you do n't understand . But once I got past the little minor things , I was cranking out a screenplay in no time . I 'm by no means a professional screen writer , but I really view this program as a means to and end ; getting an idea down in a format . The rest is up to you .
 I like this program , because it 's the most efficient and easy-to-use script writing software . Just buy it .
 30 seconds after loading the program on my computer , I was writing a script . You do n't need to be David E. Kelly to figure out how to write the script format you want .
 F Scott said it best - '' ... there are WRITERS & there are those of us who write . '' I write . And write . And write . I have no time . Actually , I do n't have time 2 write this , but I am , because this program rocks ! I used 2 use Word , have it all setup with my own template and all . Someone in Hllywd ** strongly suggested ** I get Final Draft , and I bought it here -LRB- because amazon has the best prices -RRB- . I was reluctant 2 switch . Now in re-writes , I am a true believer in screenwriting software . Why did n't I get this years ago ? Wow . If you WRITE -LRB- scripts -RRB- and do n't have a copy of Final Draft , do yourself a favor and check it out before you waste another minute . Cheers !
 I have been writing short scripts since I was 11 . I used Word to write them.Now that I am in older , I am learning that following the traditional Hollywood script conventions make sense now that I am sending my work to scriptwriting contests , etc. I got Final Draft because all my friends said it was ` what everybody used ' . Normally , I would resist following this kind of advice , since I 've always thought of myself as not being like everyone else & not following the crowd - but it was correct in this case.Scripts are literally flowing out of me now.Watch out Oscar , save one for me !
 the product was wonderful ! but whoever shipped it ... REALLY screwed up . I ordered the item december 9th , using shipping that was supposed to only take 4-14 days - SUPER SAVER SHIPPING - when did it come ? JANUARY 6th ! ONE MONTH LATER . AFTER CHRISTMAS . LONG AFTER THE SURPRISE OF THE HOLIDAYS . I tracked the shipping , it said it started out in bell , california , very close to where i live , then it went to MARYLAND - why ? i have no idea - then it came back to Bell , California , sat around for 6 days , and after 3 complaint emails with only one response -LRB- which was to monitor my tracking and let them know if it didnt come in a couple of days , which i did and they didnt seem to want to respond then -RRB- it finally showed up at my house ... 11 days later than the LAST SHIPPING DAY.i will say this once
 I am a beginner at screenwriting so I was a little nervous when I bought this program . However , it is wonderful !! I ca n't believe how easy it is to use .
 I bought the upgrade to Final Draft 7 and I was pretty disappointed . Itwas full of bugs so I went back to FD6 . Then I got an email from themsaying they had an update . Which I downloaded . Now FD7 is totallybetter than FD6 . They still have to fix a couple of things but thecards and the panes are awesome , they really help me see my scenes and my story.I was PO 'd at Final Draft for releasing such a buggy program but theysaid they would fix it and they totally did . It 's great now and the guysaid they 're going to be add even more features . He would n't tell mewhat ones but I 'm looking forward to it . They screwed up and they knewit but they took care of it and I 'm very happy with Final Draft 7 again.Great program -LRB- finally -RRB- , great company . Good job , guys !
 Final Draft is essential for students and industry professionals . I 've been using it for a decade and have no complaints . But screenwriting software wo n't make you a good writer . For that you need practice and educational tools likeThe Bare Bones Book of Screenwriting
 Final Draft is the industry standard and I have bought the last three versions of the product and put them to good use . However , they have all had their quirks and bugs . On the most recent verison a prepackaged template simply crashed the program everytime it was used.That said , while trying to fix this problem , their customer service department has gone above and beyond the call of duty . Even though we still have n't been able to totally solve the problem , they have been great . This program is a big help , just remember to save often .
 Final Draft is simply the best screenwriting software out there and as a long time writer and a long time Final Draft user , this version definitely holds up .
 When I use words , I often find that my ideas are more successfully conveyed when I put them in a specific order . This can be a challenge for almost anyone , as we all know . Well , smell the bacon , baby , because this fine product makes putting words in the right order as easy as watching a solar eclipse through a hole in a paper plate . Yes , that easy!I know what you are probably thinking . First of all , let me prove it by asking you to think of a number between 6 and 17 . Focus real hard . Ok , yr number is 11 . Now that you have seen the extent of my power , allow me to continue . You are thinking that I am some kind of corporate shill , sent here to push this product upon you . Well allow me to assure you that I am not only not employed by any corporation , I have never been employed in my life.This is a great product , and you would like it.God Bless America .
 Reformatted previously written scripts . The script was transformed to a professional looking one . I was going to rate this a 5 but reformatting is a slow process but well worth it ! I have still a lot to learn ! Loved it immediately .
 Great job shipping . It was very fast and the product itself is great . I 'd recommend this service to anyone .
 Just opened up the box and loaded Final Draft 7 on my powerbook G4 . I heard from another writer that the new feature would allow me to work on two different areas of my script at the same time . Lo and behold , i ` split the window ' and actually was able to set up a gag on page 23 - while working the punch on page 87 - at the same time ! I have never had a better time getting the comedy outta my head and onto the page before . I have been writing comedy for nearly 47 years . This beats the bejeebers out of a typewriter -LRB- remember those things ? -RRB-
 Final Draft 7 is a wonderful scriptwriting program for the aspiring and professional scriptwriter . Having used a previous version of the program , Version 7 has a variety of useful features that make writing scripts much less tedious . These features include
 If you 're nervous about buying Final Draft 7 because of some of the reviews posted here , there 's no need to be . The current build of Final Draft 7 -LSB- and the one that 's sold on Amazon -RSB- is far and away the most thoroughly tested piece of software Final Draft , Inc. has ever released . It comes with an unconditional 30-day money-back guarantee ; you can even try before you buy by downloading the free demo from our website , www.finaldraft.com.Some of the reviews here said :1 . `` FINAL DRAFT 7 WILL DESTROY YOUR SCRIPT . `` It wo n't . Final Draft 7 has no ability whatsoever to `` destroy '' a script . Tens of thousands of writers use it every day without any trouble .2 . `` FINAL DRAFT HAS TAKEN OUT ITS BEST FEATURES ... `` We did n't . Final Draft , Inc. innovates based on what our users and our technology partners -LSB- such as Avid and EP Scheduling -RSB- demand . Visit our website and read what some top filmmakers say about us ; they would n't use us if we removed features they 've asked us to include .3 . '' ... TRIED TO REINSTALL IT BUT IT WOULD N'T ALLOW IT . `` It does . The program can be installed over and over again on multiple computers .4 . `` THIS PROGRAM IS RIDDLED WITH BUGS . `` It 's not . Like just about every other piece of software ever sold , Final Draft 7 's early iterations did have issues . However , in the two years since its debut , we 've released free updates that have eliminated 99 % of these issues . We invite those reviewers who have had trouble to contact our support staff , which will work to find out exactly what the problem is.Final Draft is used by countless feature film production companies and TV shows as well as every major studio and agency . It 's used by every important film school in the country . We offer 24/7 phone , email and online support and are anxious to take excellent care of our registered customers . If you have any concerns before you order , we invite to you call us at 800-231-4055 . We 'll be happy to talk things over with you.Final Draft Customer SupportCalabasas , California
 If you want your screenplay to look like an industry standard screenplay then FD7 will do exactly just that . It is also simple to use and the learning curve is like 10 minutes . It is so easy to format a screenplay that you will no longer need to pay attention to the format - really . It is almost impossible to print a script that is in a bad format or where there are mistakes in the format . Once you understand how it works your ideas will flow from you brain and will almost automatically format themselves correctly on the page making this a must for any screenplay writer . However FD7 will not write you a good screenplay ! But it goes without saying that this onus is on you.However this package is a waaaaaay toooooo expensive !!! Please lower the cost of this thing by a $ 100 . People need software like this for school theatre work and other community scribes .
 I have been using this little program for years through a couple of updates and it is a handy little program . I would recommend for anyone who makes lists of labels . Easy to use .
 If you do n't mind Spongebob then you 'll like this product . I thought it was fun , and there were different typing games that were easy to figure out and I thought it was a little entertaining too as long as Spongebob does n't annoy you it 's the funnest way I have found to practice typing .
 BSD rocks if you are into more than the MS scene . BSD , sometimes called the original UNIX has come a long way . BSD is true open source software , every operating system there is has borrowed something from BSD - including the TCP/IP stack in Windows ! Even if you want to hang on to the MS blue screen , put BSD on an old PC and play around with it . For the ... price , you ca n't go wrong , and by the time you are done with it , you will have definitely learned something . Go NIX !
 First time out of the box it worked perfectly . You just need to understand what you are doing . First , because it is a graphic program it REQUIRES 600 DPI . Instructions say this clearly . Trouble occurs if you decide to reset your printer to save ink with a `` draft '' or `` economy '' setting , less than 600 DPI . That will cause the merge and MICR to fail . Then , if you change computers or change accounts , you should uninstall the software , remove the `` data '' files from the `` program '' file , then reload it . When you uninstall , it leaves `` tracks '' that confuse the re-installation -LRB- conflicting DLLs and other leftovers -RRB- . Also , after uninstalling , shut off yout PC to completely remove the `` tracks '' . You do NOT need `` magnetic '' ink to print checks . Checks are `` optically scanned '' . Yes , it requires a little TLC , but with some care it works fine . Personal phone `` help '' is expensive so avoid it if possible .
 What the other reviewers say is pretty much true , but I really like this program . Sure it has limitations , but I did n't want the complexity OR expense of some of the other available software . I have been able to customize my invoices exactly the way I want them . Using the `` P.O. Number '' column for a project description allows you to more easily find a specific invoice in the register . I really like the `` create invoice from estimate '' feature -- just one click of your mouse it all it takes ! I was able to import my customer list from my Stamps.com address book , which was a time-saver . What helps me the most is setting up our rates for labor , equipment , and specific tasks as `` products '' -LRB- different rates for different customers too ! -RRB- . I just have to type the first few letters and it auto-completes . Then just enter quantity or hours , and the program does the math . I also recently had to use one of the `` collection '' letters to FINALLY get paid ! Overall , I am very happy with this software . If nothing else out there is quite what you 're looking for , this may be just what you need .
 I purchased this product just because I was getting so frustrated trying to learn Access and since it was so cheap just thought I 'd see what it was like . I was pleasantly surprised.This DB does n't pretent to be anything it is not , but for limited needs it does them quite well . You can have only one data entry form in your DB and one table linked to it . The reports come ready made , but are only customizable within a given framework.I was quite impressed that I could import scanned images into the forms area and use them . I work with a lot of forms and have found this feature very useful and it is saving me time every day . The templates that it has set up for you are useful for a wide array of basic functionality
 My database , is one of the most powerful , yet simple to used software titles , I have used to date.You can custom design your own database.You can do calculations with the database fields , and make it data for another field.You can change you backgrounds , and and pictures to highlight important fields.You can output your info in a variety of ways , directly from the data base view screen , to reports , or customized form outputs.I use this program , to organize my personal songs , I make on my computer.There are now flow charts or graphics , but overall I loved this program .
 I use `` Access '' occasionally and have to go through a learning curve each time because I do not use it enough . Mydatabase is better than I had expected overall . It has quite a few features including form layouts and good search functions . I used it to create an order form for several hundred customers and it was pretty slick . It should serve most users well that do not need the power of an `` Access '' .
 I ordered this to help me keep track of episodes while making dvd 's and to catalog my finished dvd 's . It works great for that , and I am also planning on using it for other purposes . It is n't fancy and does n't have a lot of bells and whistles , but it is easy to use , and does the job . I also scanned for spyware , and found NONE . I highly recommend this database for home use .
 This training DVD , Video Compression with Cleaner 5 , made my job so much easier ! As the Web developer for a group of non-profit organizations , I was asked to make video available on various Web sites of events , tranings , and seminars . I had no clue what to do !! A documentary producer friend told me about this company , Magnet Media , because she had used their Final Cut Pro training and liked it . After spending about 2 hours on this training , I was able to start compressing and streaming video . I highly recommend this training to anyone who wants a quick , reliable and affordable way to learn Cleaner .
 `` Inside Macromedia 4 moving from FrontPage '' provides a smooth transition for those who want to move from FrontPage to Dreamweaver . Joseph Lowery explains all the key features of Dreamweaver while using an easy to follow visualguide . The pace of the training moved at a comfortable speed , great for those who know the basics of Web development . This tutorial shows the magnitude and power of Dreamweaver . Whether creating your personal homepage or a corporate site , Inside Dreamweaver makes organizing websites simple andeasy to manage .
 The entire DMTS training series has proven to be the best tool out there . I have worked in film & interactive production for 15 plus years and am always looking to stay up tp date on all the latest technololgy and trends . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 I am running WinXP and OfficeXP -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , and Plan Plus installed seamlessly . I have a Palm VIIx and the HotSync installation went off without a hitch as well . I highly recommend this software for anyone who has read and follows the Seven Habits . One word of caution
 I have been using this software for the last month . I have Windows XP and outlook 2002 and have not had any problems installing it or using it . It does prompt you to create a back up of all your data so that you do n't lose any of it . I did this but never had to use the back up as no problems arose . I love the Franklin Covey philosophy and have been a paper planner user for a couple of years now . This software makes it very easy to prioritize your tasks with letters and numbers and I found it very easy to use . The wizard is fantastic in helping you find what you value in life and then creating a missions statement . I love having all the fine tools of franklin covey in the outlook program that I love . I agree with a previous review , the goals area would be a lot easier to work with if it had 1 or 2 additional ` steps ' . The way it is now , you have to break down your goals into separate ` categories ' instead of having 1 main goal with several steps and within these steps have several additional steps . That is the only complaint I have about this software . I do n't have a palm yet so I do n't know about any sync problems . I recommend this highly for pc users .
 My experience with this software has been positive . I have n't had problems with it . I use version 3.0.700 on a stand-alone laptop . There 's only been a few times when Outlook had disabled it -LRB- and I 've re-enabled it with no problems -RRB- . I really like the way it makes Outlook resemble a FranklinCovey planner page . You can see tasks , appointments , notes , and e-mails all on one screen . I also really like the weekly planning wizard that forces me to look at my whole week and plan it out . It also has places for all the roles in my life and their corresponding goals and reminds me about them and the steps I need to take to get them accomplished . It prints well for me too . And the daily quotes are a nice touch.Oh , I sync it with my Palm too with no problems . I love that the tracking symbols work on the Palm.Overall , I 'd recommend this software , especially for folks who 've used the paper version . It combines the strengths of the FranklinCovey format with the automation of technology .
 I purchased the program several months ago and , after consolidating my email accounts into outlook , have found the program VERY HELPFULL . When used as directed , this program has offered me time and task management support that is truly a cut above the rest.Weekly planning has become a joy and my effectiveness as a Husband , father , and business owner has improved ten fold . Using this in conjunction with my Windows CE handheld device I have been able to get more done in less time.For all those looking to simplify their life and improve their effectiveness , I challenge you to give up incorporating multiple time management tools into your routine like I once did , and put your trust in one system . Plan Plus will not disappoint you . It is a simple , solid , and complete program capable of all it is advertised to do.My only regret is that it is dificult to create multiple users for this program . But , as many may already know or expect , this is a problem that stems from the limits of Outlook and not solely a fault of Plan Plus .
 I find it very helpful to have a mission statement on paper and to use it . Most people do n't put much into their mission statement let alone apply it . I think his ideas on attitude are also key to making the plans on the paper come to life .
 I am running outlook through a Exchange Server and installed Plan Plus without a hitch . I followed the installation instructions and it integrated great . NO problems with the outlook nor my exchange server . I have installed on my terminal services and had no problems with that at all . I am running Windows 2000 with Outlook 2000 . I sync with my Handspring Deluxe without any problems . The only problem I ran into is that you need to run Palm OS 3.5 to view the FC calendar . No biggie , I am able to the Palm Calendar and it syncs perfectly with the FC views.I have been using the program for less than 30 days and find the views very useful and the wizards fantastic for organizing and focusing my business.The only thing I wish would have been added is the ability to add color to appointments -LRB- a feature Outlook could use -RRB-
 Plan plus for Microsoft Outlook is the product for you , if you believe in Covey 's 7-habits . Installation proved to be difficult and it wanted me to upgrade my Outlook with SP1 . After that , the software could not detect the SP1 installed and cribbed again with the same problem . I tried installing again with Outlook running - Aha ! It worked.The product is a good equivalent of the Franklin covey 's paper based planner . And hey , you dont need the paper refills anymore . If you want , you can print your daily tasks and calender to your paper based version also . -LRB- I have n't tried it myself though -RRB- . ` Weekly Planning ' feature is the best one where you review your values & mission statement , schedule goals , schedule compass and schedule tasks . Perfect.One thing which I would have appreciated if had been made , is having multilevel hierarchy in the Goals ' intermediate steps . And a tighter integration of Goals with Master task list . Though not very intuitive , the ` Coach me ' section has the Wizard for creating your initial data . The Wizard is made with Flash , and is very easy to use.Overall , this is a very good tool to get organized and reach your goals . ...
 This training got me up and running in ONE DAY . I have been struggling to learn Final Cut , and had even taken a class at a local digital media training center here in New York . I had tried a few other self-paced courses as well , both online and CD based . My problem was that I am not the most technical person , and all the other trainings seemed to focus on every single button and option in the software - it was overwhelming . A friend suggested this company , Magnet Media , and said they were really good at teaching you to actually complete a project , rather than trying to teach you every detail about the software you were trying to learn.So at this point I was skeptical about the whole thing , but this training changed everything . They include video files and the -LRB- professional editor -RRB- trainer shows you how to take the files and create a cool commercial out of them . You have the choice to create a simple , straightforward commercial , or a more advanced one using different techniques . The whole thing took less than a day , and I was able to go back and forth to the specific lessons I wanted to learn or was having a hard time with.That night , I was already applying what I 'd learned to the footage I 've had sitting here for over a year - now my project is finished !! This training gave me exactly what I needed to FINISH PROJECTS and to be confident that I know what I 'm doing . There were some more advanced lessons on the DVD too , and one day soon I 'll learn those as well , but for now , I got what I 've been looking for . I hear they have other training and tutorials for different digital media applications ; I 'm glad to have found such a great resource .
 I 've been an editor for 10 years , but I steared clear of trying out Final Cut Pro until I was turned down for my 3rd job in a row -LRB- because it required using FCP -RRB- . It 's becoming more of a standard than Avid , I would argue - and if you 've tried it out , you know that it 's not the easiest program to learn . Anyway this DVD was exactly what I needed . The early lessons review everything you need to know about the system - and the later lessons really focus on the professional features . And you do n't have to lose a whole weekend in a stupid overpriced workshop b/c the training DVD is well-paced and covers everything essential to editing in just 4 hours.Very cool project files let you work alongside the instructor . And Zak -LRB- the teacher -RRB- gives you insights into the craft of editing as well -- which is way beyond what most software training covers . I love this program and the whole series , and would highly recommend it to others .
 This training has been unbelievably helpful !! Final Cut is a pretty complex piece of software , and as an aspiring videographer I was having a lot of problems with getting around the interface and understanding what I actually needed to know in order to get my video produced . After just a few days with this training , my struggle seems to be finally over ! . The instructor Zak does a great job of explaining complex issues and breaking the different steps of editing and output down into digestible pieces . Also , the commercial you create in the training is fun and keeps you from getting bored ... I was able to stick with the dvd from start to finsh and not get sick of it half way though ... I am now on my third documentary created in FCP -- this time with no help ! more to come !
 There 's a ton of good Final Cut Pro info in these tapes . Even I learned a thing or two -LRB- Seasoned Producer -RRB- .
 I 've used an earlier version of the suite , and it 's helped many times to diagnose a failed component . The dealer is OK , and the price is GREAT !!
 The instructor on this Digital Media Training Series CD-rom , Joe Lowery , is the only man to learn Dreamweaver from . He 's written the Dreamweaver Bible , and tons of other books -- but just because he knows everything does n't mean he ca n't teach you if you 're a beginner . In this video-based CD , he starts at the very start , so if you 're just starting out you can follow along with him.And the way he teaches is just amazing - you feel like you 're listening to that patient 5th grade teacher we all wish we had access to again as adults ! He really breaks down the features of the program and makes it super-easy to learn web design quickly.Definitely try it out . I highly recommend all Magnet Media products for creative people .
 If you 're serious at ALL about webdesign , you need to know Flash . It 's basically the standard for anything cool you want to do in web design.And this program kicks ass . It starts at the very beginning , showing you how to use all the tools -- and by the end you 're making butterflies animate , and you feel like you could really create just about anything and make it move . Very cool stuff -- and if you 're a professional , clients will LOVE the tricks you pick up with this program .
 Really great stuff in here . MD Dundon is the best teacher ever -- I wish she taught more than Flash , because she really has a way of demonstrating and explaining that makes it stick in your head . I remembered so much from this program that my boss actually asked me if I had been practicing my `` Flash tricks '' on the weekends!I work at a production company , and after I bought this my co-workers went ahead and ordered the Dreamweaver and Final Cut from this same series . It 's the best out there - the Digital Media Training Series has one a bunch of awards , and now I know why !!
 I have used it to run Windows 98 SE , Windows XP and Suse Linux simulaneously on my computer . I have found this piece of software to be trouble-free . There is a good interface , which gives you the choice between differents Os every time you boot yoour computer , and a good manual , so installing several OS is not a hassle if you know precisely what you are doing.However , let me give you a few words of caution
 DMTS Inside Flash MX was the best training experience I 've had in a long time . The instructor is terrific . The lessons easy to understand and apply . I plan to use DMTS products in the future , if this is typical of their quality . I 'm amazed at how far this training has taken me and in such a short time period . In one weekend using Flash MX , I feel like a pro . Thank you DMTS .
 I am generally skeptical of video-based training on CD 's because they tend to just talk you through the tedius manual without any real instruction . HOWEVER - this training program blew me away . The production values are high - the instruction is entertaining - and you can easily work along with the instructor ... whose explanations and demonstrations make Flash EXTREMELY easy to learn . Not to mention Fun!Speaking of which , MD Dundon -LRB- the on camera instructor for this program -RRB- has a great reputation in the Flash community -- and it is COMPLETELY well-deserved . She breaks down the simple concepts of working with Flash and really helps you unlock the power -- and learn the software the RIGHT WAY so that you do n't have to `` unlearn '' your mistakes as you graduate to the advanced features . This training makes Flash seem so simple , even my teenage daughter could use it after watching the DMTS training program.HIGHLY recommended for beginner to intermediate Flash users .
 I am still not sure if this is the complete answer . I think using microsoft outlook may be better . However I have not had any unusual problems with product . Works great but feel the microsoft products may be more user friendly .
 I have been using Privacy Expert for almost two years now and have never had a problem with it . It is easy to set up , very user friendly and cleans only what you want . It has many usefull features , it does what it claims to do .
 The best part about this program is that you learn to create REAL PROJECTs instead of the stupid stuff you usually see on training videos.The instructors are great , and the production is really top-notch and very professional.I would n't have been able to learn Flash so fast if it were n't for these videos . They demonstrated all the basic to the advanced features , and taught me how to really master the program .
 Projects in FLASH 5I wish I had access to thistype of video 2 years ago ; it would have saved me a lot of headaches .
 This software is outstanding . I never thought I 'd need to use imaging software , but bought it for the purpose of helping me migrate between old and new disk drives . Little did I know that the images that I created would be used to completely restore my system when it crashed a few weeks later due to a nasty XP IP stack problem -LRB- another story entirely -RRB- . Both imaging and restoral was extremely fast -LRB- a 15GB restoration took less than 30 minutes -- to a completely bootable , operational machine -RRB- ! Both the imaging process and the restoral were absolutely flawless with True Image . Furthermore , the software is extremely well executed , making the myriad choices that are required to to specify the backup/restore operations a piece of cake . The ease of use and attention to detail present in this software bring to mind other classic `` must have '' utilities , such as Power Quest 's Partition Magic and WinZip . Now , if only companies like Symantec , Network Associates , and Microsoft would follow suit ... I can not speak highly enough of Acronis True Image . It is truly exceptional software that I will not do without in the future . Well worth the price .
 The application works as advertised!I 've installed it on a Windows Home XP , created a bootable recovery CD -LRB- there is also a bootable floppy option -RRB- and proceeded to backup and compress my main hard disk to a secondary one.I was able to mount the backup volume like a virtual drive and navigate the volume . This offers an additional option over a full restore , just pick a file -LRB- s -RRB- or directory and copy it.I suggest not backing up to the same hard disk but to a second physical one , not to be confused with an additional drive created with a partition .
 Acronis True Image 6.0 delivers outstanding features at a surprisingly low price . True Image 's ability to write to recordable DVDs and its image creation of system disks within Windows will tip the scale for some . But if you 're looking for scheduling features , partition creation , and disk-to-disk copying , stick with PowerQuest Drive Image .
 I looked at all the popular image software and even some not so popular that are available on the web . This software gave me more bang for the buck with my Win98 OS and is rated favorably by software evalution sites . I 'm a novice computer user and I 've created and restored images of my entire hard drive several times while resolving an unrelated software problem . I can create an image to another hard drive in my computer , to an external hard drive or to my wifes pc which is connected to mine through a network cable . I have n't created images to CD 's though . I 've had no problems , the software is very easy to use and straight forward . What a relief it is to know you wo n't ever have to reinstall all your programs again and that your important pictures and files are safe ! There 's also a 30 day money back guaranty , - see their website . My PC is a PIII 500mhz , Win98SE with 3 - Western Digital hard drives
 Works in Windows XPAllows creation of image on network driveWorks in older Windows as wellSoftware setup issues typical for Windows softwareIt works for me
 After unsuccessful attempts to upgrade my hard drive with Drive Image 7 , I bought True Image 6.0 . My first upgrade attempt was successful . It works great .
 I have used all the versions of True Image and have upgraded to 11 . The program has saved my skin several times over . The backups are fast and , most important , reliable . It is also just handy to restore hard drive to a pristine condition . After the internet spys have invaded just re-image the drive ... Presto no virus or spys . I keep one drive for internet and another drive -LRB- In a removable drawer -RRB- for safer banking . With acronis drives can be easly cloned .
 Priced less than its competitors , Acronis True Image 6.0 delivers outstanding features at a surprisingly low price . True Image 's ability to write to recordable DVDs and its image creation of system disks within Windows will tip the scale for some . But if you 're looking for scheduling features , partition creation , and disk-to-disk copying , stick with PowerQuest Drive Image .
 This game is great for little ones but even my 7 years old daughter likes to play it too !!! I highly recommend it to teach little ones to start talking and reading ! Amazon gave me a great price too !!! and the shipping was super fast !
 A lot of different learning adventures . It is good for kindergarten andyounger . He enjoys making his float and the parade .
 I purchased this for my young grandson . I firmly believe that if you can read you can do most anything and that Phonics are the basis to develop excellent reading skills . For young children , getting the lesson from one of their favorite characters makes it fun rather than a lesson & sets them on a path for learning & enjoying the process . This an affordable alternative to some of the expensive programs . I would recommend this .
 I had never used any CAD program before , but I was able to pick this one up in just two or three days . I have found the 3D mode very intuitive to use , and have had no real problems with it . One annoyance is that you have to keep refreshing whenever you delete something -- otherwise , objects that were obscured by the deleted object are not redrawn . However , this is a minor problem , and might even be beneficial if you have a slow computer . I can not compare this program to any other , since it is the only one I have used . But , so far it has been easy to do whatever I need . I would recommend this program based on its low price , flexibility , and ease of use .
 the software was very useful and gave me ease in using it and creating many different drawings and sketches .
 This is a really exciting software product because besides being a very nicely designed contact and appointment manager with `` to-do '' list and `` reminder '' functions , it lets you do everything Totally by Voice . Now here 's the best part
 As you can see by other reviews above , the Studio series has a history of being buggy . You also hear a lot of people saying `` This package is so much more intuitive and easy to use than the other ` powerful enough to be worth owning ' packages -- if only it were more stable ! `` I am one of those long-suffering users -LRB- 5 years , going back to Version 9 -RRB- , and finally with Version 10.6 I have stopped complaining -- it now works as I 'd hoped when I bought it . The $ 300 I spent on other packages trying to do better was wasted -- I kept getting frustrated with interfaces that a 500-page manual could n't clarify . And I 'm a very sophisticated computer user by most measures.I am turning all of our old family video tapes and CD 's into DVD 's . I use Studio for all the editing -LRB- have not tried the DVD recording -- just use Roxio for that -RRB- and am now very pleased . If you own 10.5 then version 10.6 is a free download.One important piece of advice that would have saved me lots of problems
 Let me start by saying that I 've tried every program out there other than the really expensive stuff . I have tried Vegas , Premier and other third party titles . Nothing would properly edit my HD video . I have a full 1080i camcorder and I just could n't get the quality out of any programs.Now you might consider this program trash if you read the other reviews . I have not had one problem with it . That ca n't be said for any other program I 've used . I will have to say I built my computer custom from the ground up . It 's powerful and that might be the reason I have no complaints . This program is very intense in system requirements . Do n't trust the box . You need more than it tells you . Here are the real requirements.You need at least 1Gb of RAM . The program on average uses around 400mb of RAM and sometimes more . You also need a good processor . You are NOT going to run this program flawlessly on a cheap computer . If you do n't have at least a dual core Intel processor then you wo n't get much performance . I recommend an AMD Athlon X2 processor . It 's much faster and more reliable with absolutely no hangups . You better have a separate hard drive for your video . It takes up a lot of space and will need good access to it . Putting it on the same drive as windows is a big mistake and will cause freeze up issues.This program does n't have all of the bells and whistles out of the box . You can capture , edit and create media right out of the box even in HD quality . It also has extra packages and expansions you can buy for more features . You can save in tons of formats including PSP , MPEG2 , MPEG4 , AVI , DIVX and more . It 's easy to just click and save in whatever format you want , even for web use . No program is as easy to just save a file in the exact format you want . It even saves into an ISO file or direct to DVD with just a couple clicks and you can choose the quality without confusion.ConclusionYou should have a good PC to run this program well . This program is very intense and takes some power . To edit HDV you need a good video card . I recommend something with HD playback ability like the GeForce 7950 GT PCI-e . I have saved files in multiple formats and they all work well . This program saves to file and DVD quicker than any other I 've used . If you ca n't afford an expensive program like AVID software then this is a good choice .
 I have been using Pinnacles products since version 7 . If you want basic video editing , this software does a great job . In addition , there are advanced capabilities if you did deep enough into this software . One note of caution , once you install the software make sure you connect and get the latest update which is currently 10.6 . As in the past , the initial releases -LRB- 7,8 and 9 -RRB- are not that stable out of the gate . However once you install the latest updates the software is very stable . There is also a user forum on the net where you can ask questions -LRB- huge forum ! -RRB- and look for tips that others have posted .
 I 've been using Studio for years and while I definitely had reliability problems with Studio 10.0 , 10.6 has been very reliable , and beta testing 10.7 shows me it is just getting better . I tried Premiere Elements but it was much harder to figure out how to do things , and it was much slower burning a simple DVD image , and it simply does n't do HD which I 've started playing with . I 'm sticking with Studio and I make a DVD just about every week with my kids ' videos . I do recommend that you have a good system that is fairly clean .
 Like many other users who suffered through Studio 9 and the patches , I was looking for another program . I endured countless crashes and freezes in the past while spending hours of my life editing . I was about to give up , when I bought Studio 10.5 last month . After updating it to 10.7 online I have had no problems at all . From simple to huge builds , the program has n't crashed once and burns every time . I was looking at spending $ 1000 's to get a new computer , but the Studio 10.5 saved me the trouble . I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes their Studio 9 and does n't want to learn a new product .
 Hi , I 've been using Pinnacle Studio since version 8 , did n't do much with 8 or 9 , but went to version 10 when I really had a lot of video to edit and put on DVD . 10 crashed alot , mostly to do with capturing , and I went through a lot of updates etc , but nothing seemed to help , until I switched to a combo firewire and analog capture card , and my problems all went away . There was something about the integrated firewire port and driver on my ASUS motherboard that did n't jibe with Studio . But with the combo card firewire port , everything is working fine , and I really like the ease of use , i 'm getting to be an old dog and new tricks are difficult .
 I have been using this product for a few weeks now and I am very impressed with it . It is an extremely powerful yet easy to use product .
 I have had nothing short of an excellent experience with this product . I have created numerous videos of my children 's escapades and sporting events . I do have one warning however . Provide the grandparents with a box of tissues because they never fail to cry when they see their little angels parading across the widescreen . The software is extremely intuitive and easy to use . My wildest expectations were exceeded .
 I have had almost no problems with this software , and have to admit being perplexed about the wide range of reviews here . Many people are reporting all sorts of instability , crash after crash , problems with installations , etc. . They 're obviously not making up stories , but I have n't had any of those problems except one . I had no problems with installation ; it was smooth as silk , and instantly recognized the capture card that came with Studio 9 . I installed Studio in two other computers at the same time , and had no problems with those either . -LRB- By the way , I highly recommend getting the PCI version . It has ports for every type of video and is a snap to install -- open the case , drop the card into a PCI slot , and close the case . -RRB- The program itself has all sorts of new capabilities . I did my son 's wedding video with the help of a new feature , A/B editing , and some of the new transitions . I have n't used -LRB- yet -RRB- the blue screen capacity or ability to edit in high definition , but look forward to doing so . The basics of the interface remain the same , which means it 's as intuitive as ever . It does its one job , DVD authoring , brilliantly . Studio comes with an actual manual , and the book by Jan Ozer is an excellent complement to it . I do n't know about Pinnacle tech support , because while I have used Studio for over nearly three years -LRB- started with 9.0 -RRB- , I 've never had to call it . I 've encountered a stability problem , but even this is mitigated by the fact that when I restart Studio , it asks if I want to go back to the current project . I click `` yes '' and am back exactly where I was before , with nothing lost . Is this a big problem ? No . Is it an annoyance ? Yes . It may not even be that any more
 I bought this product for some basic editing and the ipod conversion feature and I 'm thoroughly impressed thus far -LRB- although I have less than 20 hours of editing under my belt -RRB- . There are a ton of effects that look neat but I have yet to try out . Have a bad feeling that the wife may not be seeing as much of me this summer .
 As a sometime traveler - whether by airplane or armchair - the most important part of visiting another country is becoming immersed in the local culture . At the heart of culture is language . This software gives the user basics on 102 languages - opening up the entire world for exploration . I 've already used the program to learn basic Thai - invaluable for traveling to Bangkok , practicing Spanish and Celtic , and reviewing Hawaiian . The Navajo or Dine was great for a recent museum opening , and I 'm starting on the Mandarin Chinese . After that it 's a brush-up in Japanese and maybe a start with Korean . Plus it 's fun - all games and easy quizzes - with the written language provided as well for more advanced study .
 Konnichiwa ! I 'm learning Japanese and I want to learn other languages . My favorite languages on here are ... German and Korean . I 'm teaching myself Japanese and Korean . I may want to teach myself German . I do n't think I want to teach myself Chinese and Welsh . I really love this software !
 After using both the Windows Defragger and V-Com SystemSuite 6 Pro Defragger , I have noticed an increase of speed to my computer , after using the PerfectDisk 7 , just once . It was much quicker on Defragging than the other two , also . It was a good choice , after reading the reviews , prior to purchase also .
 i have tried out a lot of software , and this is one that is definitely worth purchasing . you can set it up to run weekly , which keeps your disks in good health .
 It worked just like the evaliation , was very easy to install , and was shipped very fast .
 does the job better than other products
 This is a great product , I was recommended it and I 'm glad I was . I will never run Window 's Defrag again hopefully , this defrag has smart placement and sorts your drives better for use . It makes the PC so much faster and a breeze . The defrag actually is much faster than XP 's as well.I could n't be happier with this simple program.Topmoo
 After doing trial versions of a few disk defrag software , I decided to purchase full version of PerfectDisk due to price and performance . It works perfectly , no hang-ups or freeze ups , I never know it 's on and it handles both a daily schedule -LRB- for routine defrag -RRB- and a weekly schedule -LRB- for intense defrag -RRB- . Noticed improved performance in computer and it 's more `` peace of mind '' , never having to check or defrag .
 Having tried the full-feature trial versions of both Diskeeper 10 and PerfectDisk 7.0 , I prefer PerfectDisk . Diskeeper has a background , full-time defragging feature that I do n't have much use for , and does n't seem to defrag system files as well as PerfectDisk -LRB- a boot-time option with both -RRB- . PerfectDisk also has networking ability , which is nice for my small LAN , but apparently does n't include XP Home in that mix . Not a big deal for me either way . The price/performance ratio definitely swayed me towards PerfectDisk -LRB- ordered today , 1-29-06 -RRB- . PerfectDisk , in my tests is slower . However , since I manually defrag at end of day , speed is n't a big concern ... It 's easy to use , as is Diskeeper ; both are good products , take your pick .
 This product performed as promised . It defragmented my drive 100 % better than windows could . Also , their tech support was far superior to any that I 've dealt with - easy to contact and fast responses .
 I have been a Diskeeper user for years , but am converted . PerfectDisk does its work less obtrusively , does a better job , and does it without occasional corruptions by virtue of the way it does the defrag .
 If your PC has sizeable hard disks -LRB- > ~ 40GB -RRB- , as most modern ones do , a good defragmenter software is indispensable for keeping your system tuned up . Windows users have a turtle-pace , feature-deprived defragmenter bundled with the OS , but if you want something a bit more practical , you basically have two options
 Raxco 's version 7 defragmenter is very fast and a complete deragmenter . It is easy to instal and use . I have used several defragmenters including version 6 from Raxco and nothing comes close to the thorough smart placement defragmentation provided by version 7 . It is a great product .
 I have a laptop that is just over three years old that has been getting sluggish . Starting Win XP was taking over 4 & 1/2 minutes prior to using PerfectDisk , and now is only taking three minutes . In fact , everything is working faster and smoother since running PerfectDisk three or four times.I previously used Norton 's Suite , but have since uninstalled due to the amount of system resources that it takes . After removing Norton the standard defrag in Win XP would no longer work . PerfectDisk has saved the day and breathed new life into my aging computer.PerfectDisk
 With Perfect Disk I schedule when/how often to run the defrag . I am see a noticeable difference in program loading and space allocation . I 'm a novice PC/laptop user but know for sure this software is better than Windows ' own . I am constantly editing & moving lg . photo files around and my weekly defrag schedule running in the background keeps my drive performing at its best .
 Good product , easy to use , seems to do a good job at defragging my hard drive .
 If you are new to or nervous about computer utility programs you will feel comfortable with this one . This is especially true if you are tired of the limitations of Window 's defrag program but are afraid to venture `` off the farm '' . Pefect Disk 7 will reward you with improved perfomance , ease of use , and peace of mind.I would consider myself an intermediate user and pretty comfortable with tinkering with computers and computer programs . Fortunately , Raxco 's PerfectDisk -LRB- PD -RRB- requires none . PD6 got the Editor 's Choice award from PC Magazine . So when I found out Raxco had a free full-program trial of their newest version on their website I downloaded it immediately.I was not disappointed . The download site even lets you choose the appropiate version of PD7 to match your operating system . It operates completely independently of the Windows OS -LRB- operating system ; i.e. Windows XP -RRB- . Opening and Installing the program was a walk in the park -LRB- I recommend Mozilla as the browser of first choice because it make downloads very easy -RRB- and required no extra knowledge of the user.In order to extend the life of my Pentium III 866 Mhz system , I got the RAM up to 512mb -LRB- XP 's sweet spot -RRB- and then wiped my disk and did a complete reinstall . It was fantastic , but soon fragments began to show up that XP could not repair . I did n't want wipe my disk again -LRB- wipe = completely erase all data and programs from disk -RRB- . I had earlier tried O&O ; 's defrag utility which is the only comparable defragger , but it required more tweaking than a novice , or anyone else , should have to do . Without a more thorough comparison I would be tempted to say that O&O ; 's program is the most complete and truly industrial strength defrag program available . But again , the tweaking is not for novices.The good news is that PD7 is very close to that level , but incredibly easier to use . Just do what it tells you.If you are the tiniest bit adventurous you can use its menu options to tweak the program . These are options within the program and none of them require you to go outside the program to complete them . You just toggle -LRB- choose -RRB- the options you do or do n't want . I did opt to have the program try to consolidate all the free space on my drive , but that was it.For the only the second time ever , I have all my free space in one place and no frags on my harddrive . With PD7 you will have to defrag your boot files - but it tells you how to do that as well . It will then take 2 or 3 passes to fully align all your files , but the program is very quick . O&O ; 's program is the only other program that I know that can do this and does this in one pass automatically . It is more thorough in its file reorganiztion than PD7 , but also about three to four times slower.If you have tinkered with your Virtual Ram -LRB- VR -RRB- I would suggest you reset it to 2mb -LRB- the minimum allowable -RRB- , defrag , and then reset the VR to the level you wish and then defrag again . This will ensure you get continuous free space on your drive.Bottom line . If you are going to spend your money , get quality stuff . Perfect Disk 7 is second only to O&O ; 's Defrag in execution , and first above everyone in ease of use . So if you are a first-time utility program buyer I can guarantee you will have no worries with this one and should be quite happy with it .
 I have tested various defrag utilities.For me , it was sort of a `` tie '' ; between RAXCO 's Perfect disk and `` O and O '' 's defrag . -LSB- ... -RSB- As far as Raxco goes , they offer a 30 day demo on their website.So if you want to test drive the software , you can do so.From everything I saw in the `` demo '' , it contains the exact same features you 'll find in the full-version . So you get a `` real deal '' test drive.Features : - online mode-offline mode-scheduled modeLEVELs of defragging : - defragment only -LSB- basic level -RSB- - SMARTplacement -LSB- a higher level of optimization than just defrag only -RSB- - aggressive mode -LSB- highest mode - adds consolidation of free space -RSB- I like having the choice of doing any of 3 modes :1 . an online mode2 . offline mode of defragging3 . or bothThe PROs : everything listed aboveThe Cons : - this can run a lot longer than MS builtin defrag does , based upon your choice -LSB- s -RSB- . Conclusion : - if you do the most indepth defrag that Raxco 's PD & is capable of , you will definitely feel the difference -LSB- when compared with the basic MS defrag or norton 's speed disk -RSB- . - You ca n't go wrong with this product . Works great .2 thumbs up !
 This defragmenting software beats Diskeeper hands down ! Unlike Diskeeper , it allows control over every aspect of file reorganization . Offline directory consolidation and defragging can be done on non-system partitions without a restart . On the system partition , a restart is required and produces a very fast defragging including the pagefile and hibernation file which are moved outside of the file areas and in one piece . Files are grouped on the drive from least often changed to the most often changed with boot and program startup files up front . This helps prevent fragmentation and speeds up the boot process and program startup . The directory areas , either NTFS MFT of FAT32 , are moved to the middle of the partition to reduce fragmentation and provide the fastest overall access to all disk requests . The graphical interface is much more informative and the processing lightning fast . There are many scheduling , reporting , statistical , and trending options as well . This is an excellent product for those who know the importance of file system maintenance , do n't want to wait eons for completion , and want a great tool for that purpose .
 The user interface is n't as polished as the full version of diskeeper and it lacks some defrag options that I 'm used to like the option to defrag hard drive while screen saver is on.However , I was very impressed at PerfectDisk 's defrag performace . I was previously using diskeeper lite 7.0 on my kids computer and after running one defrag with PerfectDisk I was blown away at the difference it made .
 This program does a great job of defragmenting the harddrive quickly and keeps it defragmented . You can schedule it to run on any schedule you like . I am very pleased with it .
 This product works so much better than the Windows delivered defrag program . I have not used many other defrag programs but this one is wonderful , easy to use and does a smart placement to help the efficiency of the hard drive . There very well could be other products out there , but I 'm not sure how they could defrag the drive any better .
 I 'm a home user running Windows 2000 SP4 . I have been using this program since version 5 . Prior to choosing PerfectDisk the first time I did research on the net , and tested the trial versions of a few other defragmentation programs . Recently I got an e-mail from Raxco offering an upgrade from the version 6 I was using to version 7 . I thought I would go ahead and again try some of the other programs out there before upgrading.I tried two of the other programs popular on the net . Had no problem with them but they either did n't work as well or as fast as PerfectDisk , so I upgraded to version 7 . I recommend it highly and doubt I will ever need another defragmentation program besides PerfectDisk , I think that highly of it . If you want in-depth review of why I chose PerfectDisk search for version 5 reviews .
 General a great product . I 'm running it on both my desktop and a laptop without any problems . I looks like the startup and disc access has improved.The only downside is when you set it up to run automtically it does not notify you when it runs.Otherwise a great product .
 I tried both programs and found the Perfect Disk did well even when the free space on the disk was below 10 % . It is hard to tell how much it has speed up the 200MHZ old computer .
 Video Explosion Deluxe has a great heritage . Its nearly identical to Sony Screenblast Movie Studio v3 -LRB- both came from Sonic Foundry before Sony bought out their media division -RRB- . It also bears a striking resemblance to Sony Vegas , a high-end professional editor . There 's a lot of power built into this software , especially for the price . There 's some excellent transitions , and the color-correction is quite good as well . The included clips are only so-so , but some may get a use from them . Rendering time seems a bit slow -LRB- usually takes 3x the length of the video to render it ; ie
 I have about 10 consumer video editing software ... and Video Explosion Deluxe is the BEST for this category . It has 3 video tracks . 3 audio tracks . It comes with 4 CDs with lots of video clips and music.I was very impressed when I edited my stills some I took off the background , and put this on track two with a nice video -LRB- or another still : nature -RRB- on track one and a frame or title on track 3 ... For me VIDEO EXPLOSION DELUXE is between consumer and pro video editing . -LRB- Portuguese
 This is probally the best video software for and prosumer out there . I have used pinnacle software and others but not match up to the solid performance of this product . At first when i opened it i thought it was a waste , but into 20 minutes of messing around with all its features i knew this was for me . It is bundled with 5 discs including Sonic My DVD witch it a simple dvd software with great performance . You can export your movie in literally any format . Even HD to quicktime . I have only had one problem and that was when i tried a demo to sony vegas 5.0 , it was identicall to this software but more advanced . Im not sure what the relation is but I was still hooked on this program . The only word of advice i have is for people that already have this product , if you have advanced and have mastered this software , go ahead and save up for a copy of sony vegas . It lets u have unlimted video layers and twice as many video effects and transitions . So i guess im done saying how much I love this program . So dont fall for other product reviews this is the program for you .
 I love this software . It 's got everything you really need if you 're a prosumer . You can start doing really complex techniques in about 10 mins . If you 've ever used Acid for music , then it will be a breeze for you . It 's the exact same system , except for video .
 I 've had VED since 2002 and it 's easy to save in many formats . I usually save in MPEG-2 . I use this setting for creating a DVD compliant file . Audio
 I demo 'd this product recently and I absolutely loved it.It finished defragging my drives faster than diskkeeper did.I remembered Raxco from my days of working with the VAX/VMs systems that used a RAXCO defragger utility.Lots of features I liked , such as the choice of defragging one after another , or in parallel.Plus , I selected/set up a bunch of drives to defrag , like 6 or 8 of them and the program did n't flinch.Diskeeper wanted to work on no more than 4 at a time , though diskeeper did let you schedule drives as you wished .
 My nephews LOVE Muzzy and obtained their first 2nd language skills by watching , listening and imitating Muzzy and all of the other fun characters who recite their lines in Italiano !
 I just bought this CD for my 3-year old and he loves it ! He loves to color and paint the pictures .
 This is a good product for toddlers . They love to `` color '' or `` paint '' the animals in the library . There is n't too much to do in here if you ask me , but it keeps toddlers busy for a while . My daughter scratched and ruined hers , so I was looking for another one or something newer and thought I would write a review for you !
 I use both a Palm and a Pocket PC for different applications and the Mapopolis Pocket PC Navigator solution here is outstanding . The ability to route across country , street to street seamlessly is a plus , allowing multiple ` route through ' points and showing whatevetr level of detail you require . It provides turn by turn spoken and visual commands and if you go the wrong way it recalculates your route from where you are - no stopping to fiddle with the PDA . I particularly like three of the features ; firstly it allows you to scroll or drag the map across the screen - you can see the WHOLE of the USA and by simply sliding your stylus across the screen , a new portion of map appears , regardless of the zoom level - great for checking out what 's on the way to your destination . Secondly , it allows multiple options for avoiding Toll Roads and Freeways which is great if you 're not planning on sitting in 5 o'clock traffic . Finally , I guess my favorite , is the ability to add your own favorite locations - called Geomarks - such as customers , friends , Fedex buildings or whatever , and then route to , through or from these places - it saves retyping your addresses over and over again ! I love it , I hope you do too - thoroughly recommended
 I have used lots of diffrent gps software products and find this to be the cream of the crop . It 's visual and verbal prompt made me buy a pocket pc just so i can use it . I had a palm and used the mapolis product for the palm as well . Both are great.This beats the others hands down
 My kids -LRB- 7 and 8 -RRB- have recently been introduced to Carmen Sandiego and they instantly fell in love with the cartoon , so I bought the junior detective game . They love it just as much as the cartoon . It seems quite easy to me but they still love it . It definitely exposes them to geographical facts . They might not remember which country grew grapes or weaved baskets but may open their minds to other countries and cultures . I would recommend this product but do n't expect a big challenge with this game . You can expect a lot of fun and geographical tidbits .
 We thought this game was great . Worked really well for our 6 year old with a little coaching , 8 year old can do it on her own . Great game to keep a child engaged and learn a little on the side . You learn geography type information , which I think is great at this age .
 If you still have a pc this game is really fun to play ! I love Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego !
 This is a great set of games for kids ! There are 3 games :102 Dalmations
 I just spend a fast 7 days doing the following trek with family
 After reading some of the negative reviews here , I was a little nervous about buying this software upgrade , but went ahead and bought anyway.Installing the Europe maps to my device went off without a hitch , and it 's pretty intuitive . So ... I am having trouble seeing what the fuss is about . Unlocking the map -LRB- s -RRB- was easy and installing the software to my C : / drive was a snap . You have the option of installing maps for just the areas you plan to visit or for Europe as a whole -- just be aware that all of Europe takes up 203 separate maps . And that was the most tedious part -- clicking on 203 separate maps.Once that 's done , however , just click `` upload to device '' and stand back ! A word to the wise -- I chose the `` all Europe '' option , and mine took 2-1/2 hours to upload.Highly recommended , and better than renting a GPS from the car rental agency once you get there .
 Was very hard to install , had to call Garmin . But , once installed , it worked well .
 This company delivered the product very quickly and well packaged.Can ' t really tell you how the product actually works though as I am just learning to use my GPS . I bought the Europe NT for use in Ireland and Netherlands in 2010 !
 I purchased it to use it in my last trip to Spain and London . I also purchased the 2GB flash memory to be able to upload all Europe in my Garmin 350 . I ended using it only in south Spain , Andalucia , and worked quite well , some errors with the name of the highway but better than I expected . The major inconvinience I found is that the CD does n't let you to choose the computer drive where to install the software and map data , it does it by default in the C
 We purchased the software for a car trip around Scotland . Overall , we were very happy with its performance . However , when we were in Skye and the Outter Hebrides we found that the roads were either not mapped or incompletely mapped . It never caused any problems but is was somewhat disconcerting . There were also instances in Perth and Edinburgh where the maps were old and need to be updated for new round abouts , etc. but once again this did n't ever really cause any problem either .
 We used Garmin City Navigator for bicycling in Europe . It showed all but the smallest of roads -LRB- paths -RRB- , even gravel roads . I was very happy with it and would use it also for driving . The maps loaded onto my Garmin Nuvi 260 easily with the included software . The points of interest were also very helpful .
 First , this product -LRB- or something like it -RRB- is essential if you 're going to drive in unfamiliar territory . In over 1,000 km of driving there were only two times the roads did n't match the maps . One was an exit ramp in Assisi that was under construction and the other was inside the Rome Airport . All of Italy outside the major cities seems to use roundabouts and the Garmin 's clear voice instruction `` take the 3rd exit in the roundabout '' is perfect for my kind of driving . A friend of mine in another rental car had a borrowed Garmin with 2008 maps and had lots more trouble than we did with missing addresses , roads and inaccurate directions . So , a map update before taking off to Europe is well worth the money . The slightly more expensive `` Lifetime Europe Updates '' is what I would have bought had I known about it before purchasing this `` CN NT for Detailed Maps of Eastern and Western Europe -LRB- DVD -RRB- '' . This map shows up as `` CN Europe NT 2011.10 '' when I press Settings , Map , Map Info . But the price is a little less than the Lifetime option so it depends on whether you 're going back or not I guess . I ran out of system memory on my 855 but already had a SD card in the unit to load the maps onto . Plan on buying the correct card for your device . You can buy the maps on SD card but then you ca n't do any mapping or route planning at night on your laptop so I opted for the DVD version.You really should n't blame software for problems with the hardware but the Garmin Nuvi 855 was sometimes really slow at acquiring satellites and recalculating routes when you do make a wrong turn . Sometimes we would already have completed the `` U '' turn and going back the other way by the time the Garmin voice announced `` make a U turn '' . Minor annoyances really , if you 're already familiar with using GPS . Speaking of annoyances , more about RoadTrip at the end of this review since it only concerns Mac users.I did n't test everything after the DVD install before leaving home and then found out in Italy that an essential function , -LRB- Cities Search -RRB- , did n't work on my Nuvi 855 . Luckily , I was able to work around this by acquiring an `` exact '' address and inputing that into the Apple laptop `` RoadTrip '' program that Garmin provides . With the RoadTrip program -LRB- and the correct connecting cable -RRB- , you can transfer a `` Route '' that you 've created to your GPS unit . That was the only way we could make the Garmin navigate to a destination until the very end of our trip when , - after numerous email exchanges with Garmin Support , a kind hearted Rep finally explained how to ` reboot ' or ` master reset ' the Garmin GPS device . After 3 reboots , the Cities Search function started working flawlessly . If you have any like trouble , to reboot the Nuvi 800 series Garmins , -LRB- Caution , this erases ALL user entered Data , Routes , Wapoints , etc. -RRB- - just ,1 -RRB- remove the battery2 -RRB- reinstall the battery3 -RRB- Touch and hold your finger on the bottom right corner of the screen when a progress bar appears4 -RRB- Release your finger when `` Do you really want to erase all user data ? '' appears5 -RRB- Touch `` Yes `` 6 -RRB- When asked to select a country select your home country -LRB- US in my case -RRB- . Otherwise the GPS will display in the language of the country you select.For Mac Users . Roadtrip is Garmin 's wildly clunky attempt at moving it 's PC computer based mapping program , Mapsource to the Apple Mac world . It 's been around two years and they 're still calling it a `` Beta '' program . Which tells you a lot about Garmin and their slipshod programming . I 've used Garmin on airplanes , boats , cars , and bicycles since the mid ' 90 's and have made numerous calls to the Support department . I find the aviation units work pretty well -LRB- because the FAA mandates the performance levels -RRB- , the Marine units a little less so , and the Automobile units can be awfully frustrating in the interface . But Roadtrip is a whole new level of frustration . I actually came to like it after spending 20 or so hours working with it . Each night , it would take a couple of hours of awkwardly moving the map around , zooming to a close enough scale to see city streets , then picking a random street address or one of the really useful `` Parking '' lots that are shown for each city , and then designating that as a `` Waypoint '' . Then you string together a series of `` Waypoints '' to create a `` Route '' , then you transfer the `` Route '' to your GPS -LRB- if you 've remembered your cable -RRB- . But wait ! It 's not useable on your GPS yet ! You 'll search in vain for the new `` Route '' you just downloaded . You have to first `` import '' the freshly downloaded `` Route '' before the 855 can `` see it '' . Here 's how to do it on a Nuvi 855.1 - Tools2 - My Data -LRB- scroll down to find this selection -RRB- 3 - Import Route -LRB- s -RRB- From File4 - `` Select All '' or select the individual route you want to import , -LRB- do n't stop now , you 're not quite finished -RRB- 5 - `` Import `` 6 - OK7 - Back8 - Routes9 - Select the named route and then touch `` GO ! '' and you 're on your way.It all works and works well but my advice is do n't try to learn it on the airplane flight going over . Take a few nights , create some sample routes , then transfer them to the unit , and download them before you leave and you 'll enjoy your vacation a lot more . It 's really simple after you get the hang of it , works well , and hopefully , Garmin will one day take the Apple Mac seriously enough to devote some programming time to fixing this clunky mess . But if you take the time to learn RoadTrip , you 'll really be glad you have it and do n't forget the laptop and cable .
 The registration really is n't a nightmare - inside the packaging there 's a leaflet with a 8 character coupon code . When you run the DVD , make sure you 're online , have your Garmin unit plugged in and powered on , choose to get a 25 character unlock code , enter the 8 character coupon code when prompted and away you go.As for getting maps onto the Garmin unit , what I did was , - Run the MapSource program -LRB- either runs automatically or it 'll be in the Windows Start menu under `` Garmin '' -RRB- . Yes , it 's not pretty but it does the job . - Select the whole map of Europe . Use the map select tool -LRB- a button on the MapSource toolbar that looks like a polygon with a yellow glow -RRB- and drag over the whole image of Europe . Storing all of the maps requires about 1400MB total . You can also select/de-select sub-regions of the map . - Choose the menu option . `` Transfer - > Send to device '' . Now , you have a choice of storing maps in your unit 's internal memory -LRB- appear in the list as a `` nuvi '' device -RRB- or an SD card that you might have in the unit -LRB- appears as a separate device in the list , something like `` H : '' -RRB- . My unit had maps of North America pre-installed when I bought it . When I tried to transfer the maps of Europe to the internal memory , it told me that I had only about 500MB-ish available . So , I transferred the maps to the 4GB SD card instead . - Go watch that episode of `` The Wire '' that you 've been meaning to get round to . Indexing and downloading takes a while . - You 're done ! It 's really not bad at all - just accept that if you want to store maps in the unit 's internal memory , there 's a limited amount of space available so you 'll probably just want to store the countries that you 're travelling to . Otherwise , get a nice SD card -LRB- you should check the Garmin website to see if your unit can take 4GB SD cards , or only up to 2GB -RRB- and put the maps on there .
 The reason you are thinking of this product is a trip to Europe . You purchased a Garmin GPS with only the NA maps on it . And now you want to navigate Europe during your next vacation . Well , this is the exactly right software to buy . The detail Garmin gives for Europe is absolutely stunning . In major cities every single street in existence is here . The maps will get you where you need to go , even those hidden treasures . Remember , European cities do n't change all that much over the years . It 's the highways leading in and out that change - but that little bistro in Paris , the great pasta in Rome , the awesome reindeer in Stockholm , that pub you love in London - they have n't moved for years , their address is still the same . So yes , go ahead and buy this software . It 's expensive , obscenely expensive - but you will never get lost.August 2 , 2009 Update
 This is a good buy since updates are relatively inexpensive -LRB- about $ 70 -RRB- . If you get the same data on flash memory instead of the CD you ca n't update it , it must be replaced . Uploading the data from CD to the Garmin Nuvi could use a little more explanation to ease the process initially .
 We purchased Garmin City Navigator Europe -LRB- v. 2011.10 , for our Nuvi 265wt -RRB- for a 2 week vacation covering Venice , Tuscany , Amalfi Coast and Rome . Overall , we 're glad we did , and especially in the Cortona region of Tuscany where our rented villa was located , it was a godsend . But the whole experience was not without its frustrations.DVD vs MicroSDIf I had to do this over again , I would have gone for the MicroSD card . I initially found the multiple purchased options -LRB- download , SD , DVD -RRB- confusing , given that each offers different flexibilities in terms of mapping routes , loading to the device , upgrading maps , etc. . I decided on DVD for the greatest flexibility -LRB- and concern about the SD card popping out accidentally and losing our maps -RRB- . Well , I ordered it on July 3 , 2010 , and it did not arrive until August 15 . That 's 6 weeks , and Customer Service could only tell me `` it 's back ordered '' . Could be that I was waiting for the first 2011 version -LRB- a good thing I guess -RRB- , but the Garmin website and tech support were both equally unhelpful in setting expectations or explaining delay.Then began the hellacious installation process . I am a computer professional and work on PCs and software every day . I could not get the software to install , and the error message was totally unhelpful . The FAQs were useless , so that triggered several emails over a couple of days that came back with unhelpful `` scripted answers '' . Then finally , * on a weekday only * , came the 2 hours on the phone with tech support . The good news is that they did finally get the software and maps installed , but only after manually working around hidden requirements not found anywhere on the Garmin site . What Garmin does n't tell you
 Loading Maps on a Nuvi 360 and misc tricks ... The software install itself was not too bad with my version , CN Europe NT 2010.10 . I updated this software on the Garmin site with the unit plugged into the computer as well . BUT , the adding maps feature was dinosaur age , IMHO.Here is yet another install guide with a few tricks : If you want all of Europe , plug card reader with a 2 GB SD card into the computer . You need the external card to accommodate all of the Europe maps , as the internal memory does not have the space . Launch Mapsource.With the Europe map set to least magnification -LRB- 1000 miles -RRB- , select the map select icon , and then click just inside the map square . This will allow you to select all of Europe in one swoop . Move the cursor around and you will see all the regions light up . No more selecting and adding one by one ! Mapsource told me that there were 264 maps total.Next , choose `` Transfer '' then , `` send to device '' . Walk away for a half hour or so and it should be mostly loaded depending on your computer ... . You choose the SD card removable drive when prompted to store all the maps ... To double check that the data has been transferred , check the contents of the SD card under `` my computer '' . You should see a gmapsupp.img file that is 1.6 GB or so . Then put your SD card into your Nuvi , and reboot it . To double check that the new maps are being read off the SD card , go to
 I used this with a Garmin Colorado 400t GPS , in The Netherlands -LRB- Amsterdam , The Hague , Delft -RRB- . The Windows software , as many people have pointed out , does n't have a great interface , but it mostly gets the job done . It does seem to have some bugs
 If you need the mapping software ON YOUR PC also , then this is the one you want -- not the SD card with the pre-loaded maps.I like the MapSource program that comes with the DVD , so that I can sync waypoints from my laptop to my Garmin before I travel . It 's much easier than entering addresses from the Garmin 's on-screen keyboard . Plus I can double-check the routes before hopping in the car.You 'll need a 2GB blank SD card to store the European maps , since the Garmin does n't have enough room when other maps -LRB- e.g. , North America -RRB- are already loaded in the internal memory.Don ' t worry too much about reviews that say it is difficult to install the DVD maps to the Garmin . It does take some time -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but for me it was worth the advantage of getting the the MapSource program .
 Purchased this CD for geocaching in Spain , Portugal and Gibraltar while on tour . Maps were detailed and accurate.Caveat - can only be used on Garmin GPS units with supplimental memory chips , otherwise excellent !
 Had multiple problems installing this software ; thankfully Garmin support was very helpful . Unfortunately , the whole process took around 3 -1 / 2 hours . I have not used the maps in Europe yet so can not rate them on their accuracy .
 It was very late . Our group of 5 American tourists stumbled out of a dark neighborhood into a residential street somewhere on the outskirts of Copenhagen . None of us , including the frequent visitor who led us there , knew the way back to the city . Out came the GPS with our location , a track of our wanderings , a waypoint for our hotel , and a pedestrian route back . I was glad I had it in my bag.What would have made this better?Being able to isolate POIs for public transit would have been valuable then and almost daily during that trip . -LRB- Routing via transit systems seems to make 100 % good sense , but is 100 % NOT in the product -- so American ! -RRB- Just hiding major POI category clutter , like food , would have made the device-based maps easier to use overall.Pedestrian routing is not that great in medieval city centers where a `` streets '' oriented map product does n't know much about alleys and foot bridges.Geo-ref accuracy is lacking . Sometimes the GPS seemed quite certain of its location , which did n't correspond to the streets . When it shows you walking through walls midway between two narrow streets , it 's hard to guess which street you 're actually on . If I had been driving a car , this would have driven me mad . Amidst typical European low -LRB- 5-story -RRB- buildings I expect more positional accuracy.Using the GPS on a train -LRB- to know where you are , and how fast you 're really going -RRB- would be fun , but in 2 long train trips the Garmin Oregon never registered its location , even after 4-5 hours on board . My mobile phone worked fine.MapSource is useful only for getting maps and data on and off the GPS device , and at that it still fails . Even though there 's a `` Receive Waypoints from Device '' option , it wo n't do it . I have to browse to the device , find the GPX folder , drag and drop and juggle . Tracks , however , will upload as expected.Finally , let me unequivocally confirm
 Perfect , worked great with the Oregon 550 ... Detail is AMAZing , , , even the smallest trails were shown ... allow a few hours to learn and load , , , with a possible call to garmin support ... 5 *****
 I have to give Garmin a Plug . . I have had my Garmin Nuvi 370 -LRB- with Europe pre installed -RRB- for about 3 years . In trying to update the software something went wrong . . they replaced it with a Nuvi 360 even though it is LONG past the warranty period . You really ca n't complain about a company like that ! Great service as far as I 'm concerned ! When I go to download the Europe maps I will follow some of the good comments I 've seen here . . but I also just googled for a manual . . and came up with . . -LSB- ... -RSB- so there is a manual available . . I will be referencing that also ! I always appreciate the good info I get from the Amazon reviews . . what a GREAT community resource !
 Just came back from Europe ... could not have made the trips around Italy and Monaco without this product ... the only problem we had was when we went to install , our Garmin did not have the adequate memory . After holding for Garmin support for 1 hr . -LRB- not a very nice customer service rep. -RRB- , we were told we had to go and buy a memory card -LRB- $ 12 -RRB- ... then no problems .
 We recently used the Garmin City Navigator Europe NT 2010 version in Greece . For the most part it served us very well although satellite coverage was often inconsistent up and in mountainous areas . That caused us to miss a few turns but we never got lost !
 I used the latest Garmin City Navigator for Europe NT . There were pockets of data not availible in eastern France , Luxemburg and Germany around Vianden to St Goar . Otherwise , it helped us navigate sufficiently . JB
 I bought this product for use in my Garmin Oregon 300 during a recent trip to Brussels and Amsterdam . My -LRB- unscientific -RRB- estimate is that it was accurate about 98 % of the time , with most of the inaccuracies occurring on the actual position of train and tram tracks - which frankly do n't matter much since you ca n't steer the train anyway ! : -RRB- All in all , it worked great for autorouting as well as geocaching , and I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 I 've recently moved to the US - bought the add on for my US purchased Garmin for a business trip back to the UK . The software installed fine although it is a bit dated and I have n't found the button to press to install it to a memory card -LRB- quite happy admit I 'm missing something - will update on this -RRB- . In general I got where I needed to go . In most cases I was in familiar-ish territory and was surprised by the routes taken and in one case over a 5 mile journey I was sent towards a no-entry sign and an illegal u-turn , which were restrictions in place well before 2007 . I have n't explored too many big metropolises in the US but had never had these sorts of problems !? Saying that , it does install fine onto the GPS and did n't get lost !
 Great app for the price . Works as expected without any problems . I am completely satisfied with htis after actually using it on a trip to Europe .
 I loved everything about these maps . they were accurate and the routing worked fine . I do wish they would have shown all the ZTLs in the tourist cities . If you do n't know what ZTLs are , I advise you research them on the internet before you go or you will pay a lot of traffic tickets you wo n't even know about until they come in the mail months later .
 It took us around France and Switzerland and now , back in in the metropolitan Northeast , the traffic alerts are great .
 The good news is that the 2012 Garmin Europe maps are if anything more accurate and useful for guidance than my U.S. maps . Had to travel from Charles de Gaulle airport through Paris to very obscure destinations in the Loire Valley . Once I found the proper addresses to program in , we were taken right to the destinations . Especially getting through the Paris maze of highways would have been pretty tough for my wife and me without Garmin . And , it had very good precision in the Loire Valley , too.The bad news is that I was told on inquiry that my rather old Garmin Nuvi 350 did n't have the memory capacity for the entire European program , so I had to buy the DVD and download only France onto a 2 GB SD card . No useful instructions came with the DVD , nor did I find any on the Garmin website . By the time I received an email from Garmin with some useful instructions , I had figured it out myself .
 This game is great if you know how to get it loaded . My son and daughter who are 6 and 10 love it . It 's entertaining and teaches chess . I 'm writing this to save someone else a headache when loadingI have windows xp and when I first tried to load it it would n't work . I needed to restart the computer . Then you need to download two patches available from the software company selectsoft that makes this . You may also need to open the game from the configuration menu rather than from start . Also at the configuration menu you can change the resolution to speed up your mouse . From the start meunu you can click on properties for lego chess and choose different compatabilities for different window programs like 2000 or ' 98 . You may need these if it does n't run properly . Lego.com / interactive also gives trouble shooting tips . All is worth the effort because it 's a super fun game for kids !
 Ever since I gave the game to my kids -LRB- 6 and 8 yrs -RRB- for X-mas , they play chess . They even play with a real board and learn more and more about the game . Great start for budding chess enthusiasts .
 Best prices I 've found on the internet and very fast delivery . Excellent customer support when I had a question . They sure know their Chess ! Highly recommend .
 This game turned me into a chess player in just two weeks of playing every once in a while . This game may discourage people who think that chess is too hard to learn or people who think chess is for freaks . This game is good for people who do n't know a bishop from a knight because of the game 's built in tutor who teaches you all you need to know and some techniques I never expected him to cover . When playing chess , captures are animated in a half Battle Chess , half jokes you can find off Loony Tunes style.For instance , when a bishop captures a queen , the bishop shoots a spell at the queen and the queen is shrunk down to nothing . This game features chess sets from the Western and Pirates themes as well as a traditional chess set . Lego should n't have discontinued this game.It 's both fun and educational.Gosh , there 's five words I 'd thought I 'd never say in a row .
 Our grandchildren LOVE this . The result is a seventh grade school chess champion . He has graduated to more sophisticated programs , but this was the start .
 I am in college , but I can still remember this game . The scrapbook was awesome.my favorite scrapbook scene was the pirates one where the bishop captures the queenin that scene the bishop is at teh base and the queen comes up and teh bishop starts to tickle the queen with a feather , haha!totally recommend to any youngster learning chess
 `` Backup my PC '' is the best computer backup possible . It allows perfect restore of the entirie computer without error and furthermore allows specific folders , subfolders , and files to be restored . Unfortunately , it does not support Windows 7 ; so I was forced to purchase Symantec System Restore , which backs up the computer very well and is very expensive . However , it does not allow restore of folders or subfolders and does not display file names like `` Backup My PC '' . Part of the file name to be restored must be entered in a search box . Nevertheless , a large expense is not distracting when the loss of an entire computer system is a possibility . James
 I got the Platinum version of QuickVerse PDA , but this review should apply to all the 2007 versions of QuickVerse PDA . Like most of the desktop PC versions of Bible Study software , the basic program is the same , and the higher priced versions simply contain more Bibles and other reference works . This is fair , as the more modern books that are included , the more copywrite fees the publisher has to pay.I have used several other Palm and PocketPC Bible Study programs before getting QuickVerse PDA . These were primarily book readers that would let you read one Bible translation or reference work at a time , and had a few extra features like letting you add your own notes to a verse , or automatically look up some of the reference works by verse number . QuickVerse takes this to a whole new level by allowing you to tap on individual words and look up every reference work that relates to that word or topic . It also lets you jump from one translation to another and automatically stay at the same chapter and verse . Overall , it 's still not as full featured as the various desktop PC programs , but it is a big step closer . I read one review that said QuickVerse PDA was unacceptably slow . I 'm using it with a Palm Treo that has a 300 Mhz processor and a fast 40X Secure Digital card . With that combination it only takes a second or so to load a new book for viewing . With older Palm devices , it might well take several seconds to change screens . While this is slow compared to a desktop PC , it 's still a lot faster than flipping through pages and looking it up in a paper book . Or , more accurately , a stack of books.While the program that lives on the Palm itself works great , QuickVerse did a lousy job of supporting the installation for Palm devices . QuickVerse PDA is supposed to include various multimedia features , both audio clips and photos . However , the multimedia features have a separate installer that only works with PocketPC 's . There is no provision for installing this material on Palm devicess at all . The installation program should also present you with a list of which Bibles and books you want installed -LRB- if your Palm has limited memory , you may not have room for everything -RRB- . You 're left figuring this out for yourself . All the Bibles and reference material can be loaded onto a Secure Digital or Compact Flash card , but QuickVerse did n't use the standard Palm locations for storing data . So if you try to use the Palm Desktop to install extra books straight into the storage card , QuickVerse wo n't be able to find them . You have to install everything into the Palm 's main memory , then let the QuickVerse PDA program itself transfer the books from the Palm 's main memory to the storage card . This is quite easy to do , but it is n't documented at all -LRB- go to the Book Menu , tap on a book and select transfer from the pop-up menu -RRB- . Please note that , except for the multimedia features , everything can be properly installed on a Palm device . QuickVerse just made doing so a lot more trouble than it should have been . If you happen to own a Mac , then everything can be installed using a Mac running OSX , you just have to select all the parts manually.Based on how well QuickVerse PDA runs on a Palm , I would expect that it should work fine on a PocketPC as well . The program is a great tool for serious Bible study , and allows you to carry a whole library for doing so in your pocket .
 My brother mentioned to me awhile back that he planned to create a series of instructional tools for using Photoshop , I thought it was a great idea . Photoshop , like so many other Adobe products , seems to speak a language all its own . When Joe created the finished product , he gave it to me to review . So here we are!The Introduction begins with a menu that allows you to hop around from topic to topic . I started with the Introduction . Joe introduces himself , talks about the product , and thanks you for purchasing `` So You Wan na Learn Photoshop . '' I call this the `` airline approach '' - I think every company should thank you after you purchase something from them . The only thing that 's missing is a picture of Joe ... since he 's addressing me , I would have liked a picture of him or something . Instead , we stare at the image of the Eyeballistic logo . Neat logo , but I could n't help but feel that Hal was talking to me . That eye ... I think it 's mad at me ... Basically , Joe takes you step by step through everything you see on a Photoshop screen . The mouse moves where Joe directs it , acting as a sort of on-screen actor . Most of the concepts are straightforward , but they are all presented with the expertise of a tech writer . I should know , I was a tech writer . Tech writing can be a soul-grinding job , but it requires impeccable accuracy and consistency in approach . Joe pulls it off with ease.To Joe 's credit , his voice is measured , with no stuttering or mistakes . The audio is n't fantastic -LRB- it sounds like there 's a fan in the background sometimes -RRB- , but he 's audible and understandable . He enunciates clearly and slowly . If you miss something , you can pause , forward , or rewind the narrative with a bar at the bottom of the screen.Since I do n't have the latest version of Photoshop , some of the instructions did n't apply to me . Other parts I knew already -LRB- I know all about clicking , shortcuts , resizing windows , etc. -RRB- . There are over 80 tutorials in total . I skipped to two topics I really wanted to learn about
 After buying this products at this price I was amazed at how good the product actually was . It is verry detailed and user friendly , its easily worth 3x more than what it sells for .
 Having recently bought an iMac , I have found this program indispensable for making the transition from a PC . It allows me to use WordPerfect 9.0 , Quickbooks 99 and Timeslips 9.1 -LRB- all windows 98 programs -RRB- on a Mac with OS X. I would get the Windows 2000 version of Virtual PC -LRB- which is what I use -RRB- , since that Windows program is much more stable than Windows 98 -LRB- or , for that matter , XP -RRB- . It helps to have 512 mg of ram , and I would recommend having a USB printer that is solely used in Virtual PC mode -LRB- this allows direct printing to the USB printer , which is faster and more stable than printing indirectly through the Mac -RRB- . Although the Windows programs run a little slower than on a true windows machine , they are just as stable . For running a few bread and butter windows programs , while enjoying the greatness of Mac OS X , this program ca n't be beat . Last tip
 Running a PC operating system is somewhat unusual on a Macintosh but is often needed . Macs do not deal with . exe and . com file extensions and for good reason . They are the ones that most often carry the virus which plagues the windows industry . Virtual PC for Mac with Win 2000 is good if you desire a network setup due to its compatability with Win NT 4.0 . This version -LRB- 5 -RRB- will run on both OS 9 and OS X but remember that it requires alot of RAM and still runs sluggish when compared to the Mac . If you have to be in the PC spectrum but want the ease of owning a Macintosh , then this is a good choice .
 For a few bucks more you can get a real PC . And if you get Windows XP -LRB- Home or Professional -RRB- you have an OS that 's more stable , more user-friendly and definitely far less snobbish than OS X. Are n't you sick of OS X hangs yet ?
 Mr. Joachim Klehe , acting +30 years in hard - and software business , does n't mean anything , when you need customer support after installing a programm which runs in tousands of macs.I do not feel competent to judge a software rigidly , because I have no time and not sufficient practice with this programm , but if the Mac Authority MACWORLD gives it ***** it ca n't be so bad . But registering software , I can even give you some hints . - Hans J&uuml;rgen Ruppert
 I bought Virtual PC 5 with Dos becasue I own several versions of Windows from 95 to XP , why pay the extra money ? However loading your own OS was not as easy as hoped . However , once I figured it out -LRB- thanks to the help menus -RRB- , I decide on windows 98SE , xp aparrently runs slower due to the OS being larger and 95 does n't support USB . It runs MS office nicely and even Frontpage 2000 . Do n't try any games , this is not for that . If you need to run PC programs on your mac this is a great deal for a hundred bucks .
 with homesite5 , macromedia/allaire got rid of most of the bugs in homesite 4.5 and replaced them with new bugs for us developers to find and love . and yet with all the bugs that comes with it , its still the best hand coding tool for web developers out there and i wouldnt trade it for anything else -LRB- except maybe a bug free version of homesite :-RRB- . i give it 3 thumbs up !
 Forget WYSIWYG editors . Dump your FrontPage and DreamWeaver.Does a REAL artist use paint by numbers kits ? NOPE . They learn how to do it by experience and knowlege . The RIGHT way.Do yourself a favor . Learn to code . Get Homesite . Become a true professional .
 Connectix is offering a limited time free -LRB- minimal cost for downloading or getting a mailed copy -RRB- upgrade from Virtual PC 5 to Virtual PC 6 on their website to recent -LRB- like now -RRB- purchasers of version 5 . Without this deal , version 6 costs MUCH more , even for just the upgrade.From the reviews I 've been reading of VPC 6 , it solves most of the OSX problems of version 5 , especially the speed . So it you are like me , and have been putting off upgrading because of the flaws in version 5 , now 's the chance to go for it . I just bought VPC 5 here to upgrade from it on the website , saving a bundle in the process.Read the reviews , check the Connectix website for details , and make your choice . Do n't wait too long . You have to have version 5 to upgrade to version 6 . Buy it now and get two upgrades for less than the price of one !
 I have an `` old '' Power Mac G4 dual 1 GHZ processor with 1.5 G of RAM installed . I am running the software under OSX . I do not believe that the OS 9 version supports dual processors.The installation was a bit rough . I had to install and uninstall two times . The upgrade , v 5.04 is supposed to make this easier . I do n't think you can install the update until you install the original version so any fixes seem useless if you first have to jump the install hurdle before updating.Once things booted up , performance has been great . I would hesitate to wonder how well it would work with a slower processor . This version recognizes both processors.I echo the comments about documentation . Connectix assumes too much . The second CD is used if you are prompted to insert your Windows CD . I guess it has a bunch of drivers.I am waiting for a response from technical support regarding neccessity of using a firewall and antivirus . I run NIS on both the Mac and the virtual XP PC . I think it is needed , but NIS definitely bogs down the app . Still acceptable , but not as jawbreaking fast as the original install.Another sore point I have with Connectix is technical support . You get one free incident response and then you are charged -LSB- ... -RSB- after that . So my inability to initially install burned my response up and that response also applied to my email request.They do have a forum , but I would have hoped for a little more support , maybe 30 days.I would definitely respect the minimum system requirements listed . I am near the top as far as Mac performance and would wonder how well it would work with a G3 or a 500 MHZ G4 .
 I had an macintosh computer for 1 year running mac os 9 . I had Roadrunner as for the internet . And when I purchased This Great Software Windows for MAC it was cool . Only thing was it was slow i mean very slow but i got a long with it ITS LIFE . WHEN YOU HAVE ROADRUNNER YOU HAVE IT AND IT HELPS OUT ALOT TOOTHIS IS GREAT GREAT SOFTWARE YOU SHOULD BUY IN MY OPINION ... COOL ... SOFTWARE
 I think this is a great product that brings Windows XP to the mac with style .
 This program comes with a small but effective word editor . On the left panel of the screen there are a series of statements or questions meant to joggle your memory about past events.When you enter the persons birthdate , the series of questions are customized for the life span of the person . The questions and categories containing the questions can be customized.Photos can be added to the records.When you 've finished entering your data , the program will generate a report that can be printed , saved in RTF format or saved as a PDF.Requests in the forum are for a table of contents and an index . Neither of these are available now.If you have a genealogy program , much of the data can be imported using GEDCOM . The program will read data from a ROOTS MAGIC data base directly .
 This program has some nice features for organizing one 's personal history and story . The lists of events , music and other important happenings by date is extremely useful for establishing the time period when a personal life event took place . The program is worth the price for helping you to organize your thoughts when you write your personal memoir .
 I am a quadriplegic who needed something more than a diary or journal . I felt a need to be autobiographical - - like , who knows ? Maybe I 'll write a book ! THE PERSONAL HISTORIAN suited my needs just perfectly ! THE PERSONAL HISTORIAN is genius in the manner in which it prompts memories from 25 , 30 , years ago with culturally relevant events . It also has a much more than adequate diary capability -LRB- for all that daily kvetching ! -RRB- . I really dig the way it works so seamlessly with my voice recognition program -LRB- for a person who can not use their arms , a voice recognition program is indispensable ! -RRB- .
 Bought this for my 81 year old husband . It jogs his memory to write down for his family the exciting life he has led.It is easy to huge and recommend it to anyone who wants to journal their life or a family member
 This lets me organize the info I put together , it is stored in one place .
 I was reluctant on buying this at first . The price was about 80 % cheaper then the other sellers . I thought if it goes bad I always have Amazon to help me get my money back . There was no need for this though . I got the software , and it was brand new , and sealed ! I was scared this would be some pirated copy , or just a knock off . I got it , and it is completely legit . Saved a fortune by taking a chance . I am very glad to have this software . It has some great options , and it is very fun to play with on my computer . Just make sure you have good audio on your computer . What a great deal !
 Read a recent review on this product in the local fishwrap . Figured for the price I 'd try it out . Just went through the tutorial which covers everything for the average eBay user . Basically , SellNow is a spreadsheet that keeps track of all your eBay sales . It 's a one-stop tool for posting a page on eBay where everything is one click away . The tutorial covers pretty much everything and gives you hints and ideas to ensure a good eBay sale . I have not yet sold anything on eBay but plan to soon . -LRB- I have bought a few things though ! -RRB- I think SellNow will make it easy to create a great seller 's page . I like the way it keeps track of everything you 've ever sold and will print out mailing labels , invoices and lists.Again , I have yet to sell anything and am not familiar with the actual eBay set up for posting an item so I wo n't compare the two yet .
 An older version was more flexible in adding key words to block in text , headers , etc. and worked in background even when outlook was not open . This version is easy to use but outlook must be open .
 Excellent service . Very well pleased . Quick shipment . Product in great shape . Thanks , Debbie
 To be honest Adobe Photoshop is the top pro paint/photo package to use because of the amount of extras and plugins that it can use but I find myself turning to Paint Shop Pro very often . Let me list the reasons why .1 . It is quicker than Adobe Photoshop .2 . It has enough functions to do most of the things I need .3 . It is easy to use .4 . The learning curve is not steep .5 . The package is smaller in hard drive size than Photoshop .6 . It can do the vast majority of things that Photoshop can do.PS has a very steep learning curve but is the only true Pro package out there , however how much of PS you think you will use depends on the type of work you are doing . I would recommend PSP just on the basis that you can get it working right out the box by just learning the basic interface.I use this package an awful lot . I even do complex composites with it . In short - simple .
 One of the reasons I originally started buying Paint Shop Pro years ago , was that it had more options than other graphics software costing 4 times as much . Adobe Illustrator and Macromedia Freehand being amongst the software that I did a comparison test with.Like most software you can download a demo from their web-site to see if it does meet your needs . And since everyone 's needs are a bit different , you can not always go on what these reviews say.I find it to be a slight improvement over version 8.0 in the graphic editing department , but since I do not use if for photo-editing I can not comment on that aspect of it.Also , unlike some other users , I have not run into any bugs . I just bought a new computer and it works like a charm . There is going to be a bit of a learning curve if you have n't ever used any graphic editing software before , but I figured Paint Shop Pro was easier to use than the competition when I ran my own tests . That was years ago , and you should demo them all to find out what you prefer.Good Luck !
 Paint Shop Pro 9 continues to innovate with new Art Effects brushes bringing subtle color mixing , impasto , and runout effects to a wide range of new brush options . These are brush effects only available in Corel Painter or RightHemisphere 's DeepPaint which cost 50-100 % more . Yet PSP continues to serve the photo finishing market well with several new photo fix filters including a wild and wooly displacement filter . And Jasc continues to improve the interface with tabs for open image files and new color swatches . Goto Adobe Photoshop only if you need precise color control and infinite layering variations - otherwise Paint Shop Pro 9 will meet all your needs at 1/5th the price .
 I use the unpatched version 9.0 and I have n't experienced any problems with it at all . I have no problem with lossless rotating and I have no problems saving pictures after red eye removal . To say that it is so full of bugs that it is unuseable is complete nonsense in my experience . PSP 9 is a powerhouse and you need a decent system to run it properly . I highly recommend that you check the system requirements and that you have a system that meets the `` recommended '' requirements , not the `` minimum '' requirements . That means running XP and at least 512 Mb of RAM . I am a graphics professional and I find Paint Shop Pro much faster and more intuitive to use than Photoshop . Paint Shop Pro rocks and I highly recommend it to anyone who works with graphics .
 I have used Paint Shop Pro 7 Anniversary Edition and Paint Shop Pro 8 on Windows ME , and Paint Shop Pro 8 and 9 on Windows XP . I also have Adobe Photoshop Elements 2.0 and Corel Painter Essentials on my computer.I must say that of the above programmes PSP Version 9 is the one that really gets used . I love the vector capabilities which are particularly useful for drawing lace diagrams , and I also like the digital camera noise feature and One Step Photo Fix . However One Step Photo Fix is not always the best answer for fixing photos and it 's well worth exploring the other tools if your picture does n't quite come out as you want it to - and sometimes it 's necessary to run One Step Photo Fix two or three times.I 'm also not too happy with the length of time it takes for my Plugins folder to load in PSP9 . When I launch PSP8 , the Plugins are there listed immediately , but in PSP9 just as in PSP7 they take several minutes to load into the computer RAM . I also find on my current computer which has Windows XP Service Pack 2 with 1 GB RAM that PSP9 does freeze and crash from time to time but PSP has always done that on any computer I have owned so I find it is essential to save your graphics regularly as you work - as is recommended in nearly every online graphics tutorial.Many problems with crashing and freezing can however be resolved by ensuring that you have a good graphics card and at least 512 MB , preferably 1 GB or more of RAM . I found a lot of my problems with PSP7 on my old Windows ME computer disappeared when I increased the amount of RAM although ME 's system resource issues are such that problems do remain with using any graphics programme on the Windows ME operating system . I do n't have these issues on my Windows XP computer.It 's very disappointing that Corel have chosen not to provide good support for PSP users , but many people thought that that would happen when Corel purchased PSP from Jasc . However there are many online resources and PSP graphics schools and it should be possible to find answers for most problems.That said I enjoy playing with the new Art Media tools and working with photographs , and I really do n't use the other graphics packages I have on my computer system at all - PSP was the first graphics programme that I learned thoroughly and I 'm so comfortable with using it that I would n't really want to move to anything else . I do think it 's an excellent computer graphics programme and will fulfil the needs of most users more than adequately .
 The best part of this product is the new tool to remove digital camera noise . I think it is a must have feature for editing any photo taken in low light area . You will be amazed to see the results . The other star feature is the one touch photo fix .
 Paint Shop Pro is by far one of the best if not the best graphics/photo editing programs out there . Upon first use it 's kind of overwhelming , but after just a few hours of playing around , or reading some of the surplus of online tutorials the possibilities of this program are endless . You can edit photos or any graphic for that matter easily , or start from scratch and create a totally original piece of digital artwork ! If you own a previous edition , honestly the new editions arent worth shelling out the cost of all new software . On the plus side once you buy this program it does n't get quickly out-dated requiring you to buy all new software every time you turn around .
 Paint Shop Pro is simply the best graphics application available at any price . Photoshop CS sits almost completely unused in my computer , while Paint Shop Pro is used daily . It does eveything I could want it to do and even does photo editing tasks that simply can not be done in Photoshop . It is too bad that Corel has purchased this company . However , a program like this that is so easy to use and has such excellent documentaion , rarely needs any tech support . The best thing about this program is that the tasks are done just the way intuition tells you to do them rather than making you dance about a menu of complicated choices that never get you where you want to go . The majority of users who are even vaguely familiar with a computer will be able to sit down and use this program with no special instruction or preparation . One caveat , though , is you need a system that works and Windows ME just does not fit the bill ... for this or any application .
 This was the last edition in which Animation Shoppe was packaged WITH Paint Shop Pro . That was a big mistake on Corel/Jasc part , in my opinion . I recommend this program for anyone who wants to work with digital graphics , make avatars/signature banners , book covers , business cards , etc. . It does what Photoshop does , and without the excessive bloat or price tag of PS.I do wish the book came with this . I have the book from when I originally owned this , before a former partner 's grandchildren decided that busting someone 's belongings and not telling them was okay . If you are willing to sit down and just play with PSP 9 , you can learn it . I do recommend figuring out the keyboard shortcuts . All these years of using this program , and I just found out how incredibly handy the KB shortcuts are .
 I have used this software -LRB- paint shop pro 9 -RRB- for over 6 years and I have never had any problems !! I make graphics for webpages , touch up and transform photos ... I really cant think of what I have n't used it for ! I wish I could use it on my Windows 7 but it continues to work good on my older computer which has windows XP . I cant think of one bad thing with this software and it 's way cheaper than Photoshop !!! I will be purchasing a newer version now it 's called Corel -LRB- the old version is Jasc -RRB- for my new computer .
 It is a shame Corel bought this package . They are doing nothing but trying to kill it . It was too good for them to compete with . But that is typical with software companies . They buy out their competitors to kill the competition . I own 3 versions of Jasc Paint Shop Pro it is a great graphics , photography , art package and I have never been disappointed . Version 9 was the last upgrade to be produced by Jasc , if you can get it grab it . I also recommend the Paint Shop Pro 9 manual .
 I bought this a few years ago for graphic design . It works much betters , and is a lot faster , than Photoshop CS3 Extended . It is easy to get used to , and can be used for photography , graphics , web design , etc. . I highly recommend this product .
 I have been using this software for a very long time . I used to use multiple versions . I will say that for a time it started to look too much like Adobe but I think that the past few versions have moved away from that and I am very glad . Adobe has some precision problems that annoy me very much . With this program you have much more control as well as creative help . I have loved this software from the first version but even more today . I have experience with Adobe and over all I would chose this program for the following reasons ... 1 . It is much cheaper than most of the major brands .2 . It is made with the artist , student , Random kid , and graphic designer in mind .3 . At every job I have ever had I was able to find use for it .4 . Versatility of the software itself , it can be used for many different venuesThe only down side that I know of is that it does not come with the animation shop anymore.I have gone , as far to take classes for Adobe and still I can not see any reason to spend so much more for it over this software .
 Hi , my internet nickname is StoryMaker and you can call me that . Anyways , PSP9 RULES ! I saw on lots of websites `` I 've edited this with Paint Shop Pro ! '' and such . I wanted PSP . One christmas I got PSP . It has lots of different brushes and there 's tons of cool effects ! I still use Paint -LRB- the picture editing program that comes with Windows -RRB- a lot , but when it 's time for some fun , it 's time for Paint Shop Pro ! -LRB- And it 's VERY fun ! -RRB- It even comes with Animation Shop 3 so you can make cool animations and even mini movies ! I recommend buying it ! Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 The first graphics software I ever used was Paint Shop Pro 8 . After many downloads of various software , Painter , Paintshop , even PSP10 , I bought PSP9 . It 's simple to get used to if you have a rough idea of how to use the software , even if you do n't , there are tons of tutorials on various online sites such as Livejournal that can teach you how to use it to get results you like . I use it mainly for fan art and graphics such as banners and icons , and it serves that purpose very well . Brushes and Textures , Gradients , all transport from other programs into PSP9 with ease - via image packs in my case usual . If you 're a beginner to graphics design , and just want a proggie to putter around with , PSP9 is a program designed just for you , with the look and feel of something a professional would use .
 Being someone who was completely new to these types of programs , I received a free trial of this product when I ordered my laptop . After a couple of days of messing around with it , and reading a few easy brief tutorials , I was a regular graphic pro . I made a ton of graphics for my graphics journal , and found it easy to make even the most complicated graphics using this program.I recently received another similar graphics program , and found it way too complicated and hard to figure out . I decided to go ahead and just buy this one because I liked it so much , and I get a lot of usage out of it .
 I have no background in graphics or art and the extent of my PC graphics experience stopped at MS Paint . I found myself in a situation where I needed some graphics done but did n't have budget to get them done professionally . So I purchased PSP and had a go.I was amazed at what I could produce in such a short period of time . Within a few hours I was applying fading effects to images and making montages out of several images . Very cool.I did find the product a challenge to use though . A big part of the problem was that I did n't know the terminology . I would think of an effect I wanted to do , like `` fade '' , but would n't know the correct terminology to search for e.g. `` mask '' . But if you are a little more patient than me -LRB- not hard -RRB- then this should n't be a problem.The help is pretty good but I found that more often I used some of the many PSP `` how to '' web sites out there . There are lots of good sites out there if you are in a hurry . The program also seems to be a bit slow to load but I 'm not sure how this compares to other graphics programs.Overall , I 'm very impressed with PSP and consider it a great bargain .
 I use this exclusively for photography . I have found it to be MUCH faster that Photoshop for EVERY photo manipulation I have ever tried . Much easier to learn than Photoshop . In my view , Photoshop is more of a tool for graphic designers , and not for photographers . Not to say you ca n't do graphic design with Paint Shop , I just do n't use it for that . The only drawbacks I have found for digital photography work are :1 . Does not support 16 bit images -LRB- necessary for the highest commercial , advertising quality photo work -RRB- -LRB- VERSION X of this product however , does support 16 bit images -RRB- 2 . Does not support A FEW select photography Plug-Ins that are available only for Photoshop . However , MOST plug ins will work with it , and the few that do n't have comparable competitors that do work in Paint SHop.I love this program , and have now removed Photoshop from my computer for the sake of simplicity keeping only Paint Shop . Hopefully subsequent versions WILL support 16 bit images which is currently the only real drawback to this fine software product .
 Paint Shop Pro 9 is my first professional photo software . I desperately needed it , seeing as I was struggling with MS Paint to make graphics for my website . It 's easy to use , and self-explanatory most of the time . What little problems I had were either explained in the help section of the software or found on the internet . It 's so much like Photoshop or earlier versions of Paint Shop Pro that I use tutorials for them on PSP 9 most of the time . One small problem , though , is that brushes on the internet are mostly for PSP 7 and 8 . It took me months to find a forum that explained how to convert them to PSP 9 format . Other than that , this is better than any other program I 've used a trial for and worth the money .
 Love computers and love photography and this program is at a good price with some pretty high tech tools . It is amazing what can be done with an even average photograph . Now looking to go to a higher end Canon digital 20D because of the great results with Paint shop pro 9 . Only concern is the frequency of upgrades . Purchased Version 9 and three months later version 10 is out with very little incentive to upgrade . I have had three versions of Jasc Paint shop pro and it seems like I am paying close to retail every time -LRB- even though it is reasonable priced at retail -RRB- . There are still a few tools that could be improved
 I used Paint Shop Pro since version 5 and now version 9 -LRB- and all in-between -RRB- . Since then I learned a lot of features and there 's still some to learn -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- . When ever I want to edit a photo , this can get it done easilly and quickly.Don ' t upgrade to the new version X -LRB- 10 -RRB- . Corel bought out Jasc and version 9 was the last that Jasc made -LRB- and best -RRB- . Corel made version X worse.Trust me this one is better than version X -LRB- and not to mention is cheaper -RRB- .
 I have never had the full version , but I have had a trial . I 've also had a photoshop trial , but I find that psp is much faster to learn and is easier to use . With photoshop , however , I believe it is sometimes slow . I do think that paint shop pro is a great program to use than photoshop . Sure , photoshop has a few extra things psp does n't , but some of you may not use it . so psp is the best program I can recommend . MSPaint is another great program , but you can always edit those images made on there in psp ! : -RRB-
 I have been using my DavkaWriter -LRB- Platinum 6 -RRB- word processor every day since I received it . The ONLY reason I have n't rated it 5 out of 5 stars is that I have not found a mono-spacing option for the general text . It does have a mono-spaced typeface -LRB- DavidfixD -RRB- which does the trick for my immediate needs . However to be able to mono-space other faces by command would make this software package absolutely ` the top of the top ! ' . But enough for the minor things . This software is a built from the ground up HEBREW word processor ... no trying to get reverse direction by this or that coding option or macro , it 's in there ! And with the click of an arrow you can reverse direction or switch English to Hebrew - Hebrew to English . Not to mention the fact that included in the Platinum 6 is the Mishna , both a Sephardic and Ashkenazi Siddur and the complete Tanach . It has nikud options bar-none ! And a real nice set of basic graphics in the package with the option of adding ones own . The package interfaces with WordPerfect according to the Company , though this I have not yet tried out . -LRB- WordPerfect 8 was the last version of a Corel product I attempted on my PC of the day ... Had a real nice Hebrew font feature but it was a ` write it backspacing type trick -RRB- . Now the second reason it does n't rate a 5th star ... unfortunately the writer hashes the text with hidden text -LRB- processor commands and info -RRB- thus far my attempts to read the text I have saved in something like notepad for conversion into data for . wrl scripts has been a bit testy ... to say the least . -LRB- this may be a processor/XP issue I do get error messages occasionally upon exiting the software -RRB- BUT I should complain ! eh ? I find it all in all , for my research purposes and Hebrew word processing a wonderful tool ! -LRB- I would still like to see a bit more options for file extensions and the mono-spacing feature availability for all fonts ... -RRB- . I am sure with enough time in on the software and working with its variety of nuances I may find workarounds or that I may have just overlooked some feature.For my money ... I would buy it again , and recommend it to all who need such software , hands down.One P.S.
 Before purchasing this product I tried QText . I am very glad that I decided to go with DavkaWriter Platinum 6 . If you are comfortable using Microsoft Word , you will be able to use DavkaWriter 6 right out of the box with no training . The included texts and texts available for purchase are a boon to academic , clerical and student users . Without a Hebrew keyboard I was able to create both Hebrew language and bilingual documents rather effortlessly . The PDF export feature was very easy to use , an ample number of fonts are provided as well as graphics . This program was worth the price . I will , be purchasing a Hebrew English keyboard or the stickers for my keyboard soon .
 Very happy with my purchase , seem to work wellcan handle the type of work that I require from it
 This program functions very well . Easily switches between English and Hebrew within the same document which is what I wanted . There are some minor issues such as transferring files and making pdf files , I would prefer easier functions . I think that is just an issue of what I 'm accustom to . Over all I do like the program and do recommend it .
 I bought Mcafee total protection back 5 months ago and I love it . I bought it because of an article I read on PC world online who tested and compared it to other protection suets . Mcafee scored highest in cleaning all the ad ware and malware with a really good virus scanner and did great on all the other tests as well like root kits Trojans key loggers etc etc. . I use to try all kinds of protection for my computer and a lot of them did n't work well with each other needless to say I did a lot of formating . With total protection I have all the tools I want in one package . I love how I can ban IP addresses . I baned 5 IPs the first week trying to hack into my computer . I had no trouble downloading it but I did save to disk and installed from there.I am also a gamer I play a lot of games on my comp like eq eq2 wow gw lotr online and vanguard . So far it hase n't bothered my comp as far as slowing it down much . I cant tell any difference from my other internet security suets . My comp did n't play vanguard very well though I will have to admit but most people were having trouble with that one to many bugs . My comp is an alien ware with an amd athlon 64 processor it has 2 gigs of ram with a radon x800 pro graphics card . Not that great any more lol . Any way I will have to give total protection a 4 star rating as I do really love this protection package . I would give it a 5 star rating if it did n't cost so much to call support however I have found the help files very useful in the Mcafee interface . this program is best I have had so far .
 I have always depended on McAfee for computer security . Total Protection 2007 does what it is supposed to do - protect my computer from all types of problems .
 Great product !! Easy to install and setup . I 've had it on 3 computers for 8 months now and its great for network , internet and wireless security . Dose not slow down your computer like many other internet security products . Very secure and easy to use .
 Good product but , it 's kind of too complicated and difficult to set up and fine tune to work the way we required .
 Since I bought this for considerably less than $ 129 , I am quite happy with this product , although it 's not perfect . I would have given it 5 stars but for a few things
 This software is very highly rated in comparision with similar products , and I have found it to be interesting and effective in helping me learn Spanish . I 'm still pretty early in the process , and there is MUCH more to learn -LRB- learning all the software can teach me will take a year or more , I 'm sure -RRB- , but the exercises are clear and interesting , and online help is very useful .
 The software is great and my Spanish is improving by leaps and bounds -LRB- says my Colombian boyfriend -RRB- . I transferred the audio CD content to my mp3 player and I 'm using it to learn and practice to and from work and at lunch . Very good product for the price range .
 This is James from James Spanish -LRB- the learning Spanish blog -RRB- . This set of CDs presents interactive language learning at it 's best . There are literally thousands of exercises , and hundreds of hours of lessons , making the program highly comprehensive . There are three levels included in the course , with more than enough information to give students a solid understanding of the Spanish language and a strong vocabulary to get by in most situations and conversations . Starting with the basics , the lessons build a foundation of language and then move on to more complex phrases and concepts , gradually increasing your level of skill.It pays to take some time to familiarize yourself with the format of the lessons in order to easily navigate through the program and access all of the features . For example , menu buttons are hidden so that they do not take up space on your screen while studying , but can be made to reappear simply by hovering the mouse over a specific area . If you have never used an interactive software course , learning the navigation and structure of the lessons will prevent you from getting frustrated as you learn.The animated features are fun and engaging , keeping your interest level high and presenting information in a way that is both easy to learn and remember . There are also cultural activities designed to help you to apply your newly learned vocabulary to an interesting context , therefor making it easier to remember . These also give you a sense of accomplishment.In addition to the 3 CD ROMs , there are also audio CD 's with a further 6 hours or so of lessons . These are great for when you do n't have access to a computer and are a nice way to complement your virtual learning . Audio lessons are a great way to continue your studies in the car , or you can download them to your iPod or other mp3 player to listen to anywhere . There are multiple native speakers on the audio , which is an excellent way to get used to hearing how words sound when spoke in different Spanish voices.One of the unique and possibly most valuable features of this program is the use of the Spoken Error Tracking System -LRB- S.E.T.S. -RRB- which assesses your pronunciation as you repeat phrases into a microphone . The software will correct you when you are wrong , allowing you to improve your speaking skills and develop an authentic Spanish accent . If you have ever wondered `` Am I saying this right ? '' then this program can give you the answer!The flexible learning model allows you to study at your own pace , progressing through the lessons comfortably . If you find a sentence has been spoken too quickly , the software allows you to isolate a single word or phrase , so each student can break down the lessons into pieces that they can manage . The full package is comparable to much more expensive programs , so represents excellent value for those who are serious about learning Spanish.In closing my review of this product , I 'd like to share with you the three Amazon products that I have found most helpful in my pursuit to learn Spanish . If you are truly serious about achieving fluency , I 'd recommend getting all 3 of them if you can afford it .1 . Lights , Camera , Spanish -LRB- Book + DVD -RRB-
 If you 've never taken a single Spanish course , then this is not the software set for you . While the packaging notes that it is for beginners as well as intermediate and advanced learners , the reality is that the beginner 's lessons are considerably advanced . The software appears to have been designed with the understanding that a user has at least some background information -- vocabulary for body parts , numbers , and places in addition to the conjugation of verbs in the present indicative and an understanding of feminine versus masculine articles/endings . To jump into this software without a couple basic lessons under your belt will leave you beyond frustrated.However , if you 've had some exposure and are looking to clean up your grammar and add some depth to your conversation , this set is an unbelievable bargain . The sheer volume and diversity of types of practice exercises will give you hundreds of hours of quality practice . The ability to hear proper pronunciation and check your own quickly becomes an indispensable tool.As long as this is just one of many tools in your arsenal of educational aids for learning the language , you 'll walk away impressed and thoroughly satisfied .
 One session in a non credit earning course is about $ 30 so this cd set as introduction to a new language is good value . The design feels more European than American . A microphone is needed for practicing pronunciation . I do n't have one yet so I am only going through the drills .
 I purchased this product in spanish and french and have really enjoyed it . I was willing to spend $ 500 for Rosetta Stone until I came across Instant Immersion . I 'm soooo glad I did ! It is n't the most up to date software system but it does the job and is fun and YOU CAN NOT BEAT THE PRICE ! ; -RRB-
 This is a great way to learn Spanish on your own and at your own pace . The CDs give you exercises as well as downloads for your ipod so that you can learn `` on the go '' . Better than most of the programs I have checked into but much less costly than Rosetta Stone but quite comparable .
 It has everything you need if you are well into spanish . I am about 2 months into spanish with 2 other programs . I am not disapointed with this product . except the beginner is at least INTERMIDIATE . I ca n't wait till I am far enough along to really use all this program . What a beginner can use this software for is the part where you talk spanish to the program throgh a microphone and it grades your pronouciation . You do n't need to know what you are saying , just how well you are saying it . Besides it is my suggestion if you really want to learn spanish -- to speak it . You need more than one program . Several modules included in this software are worth the money that it costs at Amazon . if you do n't believe it . check the price of other good programs out . Its just that this one does not start at ground zero , but in a few months you will be glad it does not . Hopes this helps . We have spanish speakers in the family and the agree with these starements . phoenix Az
 For the money -LRB- this was on sale on Amazon for $ 25 -RRB- , an ubeatable value , with more than 750 hours of exercises . This is essentially the same Tell Me More software sold by Auralog for $ 200 and up . However , it is probably best used as an adjunct for learning pronunciation and vocabulary in conjunction with a traditional didactic course . Some may find the interface a bit confusing at first , but once this hurdle is crossed , a very good learning experience awaits .
 I paid hundreds less than what I would have paid for Rosetta Stone . I studied Spanish all throughout high school . I 've been using this product for about six weeks . I have made a lot of progress . I 'm confident that this product can get me to where I want to be as far as becoming fluent in Spanish .
 I 'm just now getting around to using this program and I 'm finding that its organization is a little unusual . However , I think with time the familiarity with the program will better facilitate navigation . One other bad note that the program has is that within the `` grammar '' component of the program , example Spanish sentences are not translated for you . This makes it difficult for me to learn some of the material . I do see some merits with the program and you ca n't beat the price compared with Fluenz and Rossetta Stone .
 This is a great product . . found it to be very useful in improving my Spanish .
 '' ... As none of us have the time or the money to foley all of our own sound effects , this is a set that any filmmaker should take a look at , even if you do n't think you 're doing very effects-heavy films . Sound effects are not just for action films and slapstick comedies , but can also touch up a great love scene in a romantic drama or add the necessary impact to the flying fonts in a trailer . Plus , the sound design effects included in the later discs give you additional elements that you can weave into the story to give your audience the visceral feeling you want them to have ... '' - Jeremy Hanke , Microfilmmaker Magazine , Issue 17 -LRB- Feb/Mar ' 07 -RRB- , Final Score
 This remote is great , except for lacking mouse control functionality . I ended up getting the ATI Remote Wonder a few months later , and it was much more satisfying . But this is a nice remote . Worth the purchase .
 I was really leary when SpinSite asked for my credit card during their `` trial sign-up '' but I did go ahead and sign up . I spent a couple of hours playing around with my first website and was pretty surprised by how easy SpinSite was to use and how many features are offered . Then I cancelled my site just to see if they would really go away and then I started looking exploring my options . Well ... as the story goes - SpinSite let me out of the trial without a hitch and I could n't find any other web builder that compared - So I came back - and this time I purchased SpinSite - needless to say ... MY WEBSITE ROCKS !
 Eurotalk is a UK company who puts out Language Software to many languages , from Native American Indian , such as Navajo , to Asian such as Japanese , and Semitic such as Hebrew.There used to be only 3 CDs . One CD was for kids , Two CDs were for adults . Talk Now was a beginners ` barely conversational ' CD for anyone who had little experience in that language , and World Talk was for the more experienced . The CD for kids was called Vocabulary Builder and is available for most languages , though sometimes it is only available special order via Eurotalk 's Website as well as are many less popular languages.Presently , there are 4 CDs . The software has been updated for versions of Mac OS X and Windows XP , and one more CD towards adults was added to the mix called Talk More . IN TALK MORE IS WHERE THE INDIVIDUAL SCRIPTS OF A LANGUAGE ARE EXPLAINED . The script is only given in Talk Now CDs so you can recognize it in print when you are in the country , and presently bonuses as for familiarity when you use Talk More after finishing with the Talk Now CD.Talk More was introduced because of the vast difference from Talk Now -LRB- barely conversational -RRB- to World Talk -LRB- a good bit conversational -RRB- . Talk More introduces any unique scripts of the language , such as Japanese Kana , and further immerses you into getting to be tolerantly conversational . Or at least understanding conversational speech.To be frank , studying language by computer via a computer program will help you understand others , and may help you read at some point , but will not help others understand you.So , the order is1 . Talk Now2 . Talk More3 . World TalkAll that explained , there are three primary contestants of the companies that offer various programs for learning multiple languages . Rosetta Stone , which offers online and offline programs which are very expensive , though good . Transparent Language , which offers an attempt to teach conversational language in a single program , which has annoyingly small buttons for going from one phrase or word to the next . Eurotalk , which has a three level program for many languages and a two level program for others , and a one level for the least known.This program , Talk Now , is a good program , which generally requires headphones for decent sound output on laptops . If you are into knowing how to seriously read hebrew , check out davka , though it would n't hurt if you went through these first .
 The software is effective and even somewhat entertaining although very basic . I would definitely recommend this package to someone who is just beginning to learn Greek as it walks you through the basics very well .
 This is a pretty good program to help you learn the basics of the Portuguese language . Very useful , helps u get a start .
 This one is really great , illustrates words , clear pronunciation . Enriches vocabulary . The only draw back is that it does not have phrases . Has also games . I bought the Arabic , Russian , and I am planning to buy the French and Italian . WOW . . Learning languages has never been easier . I got mine from Software outlet for 9.99 . Comes only the CD . . why do I need a retail package for ?
 helloat first i must to say that i m very glad to find this placemy language is persion and know arabic and english language little but i want to study and learn most.english language learning is important than arabic for meif it possible i want to translate from english to arabic language .
 This program will teach you to read , write , and correctly speak some very basic Polish words and sentences . It 's a great way to get excited about learning Polish . It is however quite basic . You will only learn about 300 words . But you will learn them very , very well . And you will speak them very , very well . The program allows users to listen as two native polish speakers say the same words and phrases . You can repeat these as often as you like . And you can record your own speach and replay it until your pronounciation is correct . You will learn basic words , colors , food items , phrases , numbers , how to tell time , names of body parts , names of things you may shop for , and polish names of various countries . As a bonus you can print out a very nice polish picture dictionary . To help reinforce your learning , there are many games that give you the opportunity to be challenged . These too are rather simple ... but they are indeed fun . And finally ... you do not need to understand english to use this program as a polish instructional tool , you can choose from 72 different host languages . In my opinion , Talk Now will teach you quicker and better than Pimsluer . When you are ready get the intermediate version of Euro Talk Polish called World Talk Polish . And forget Pimsluer , which is overpriced and over-rated . Same goes for Rosetta Stone and a few others . When you are ready for intermediate/advanced learning , then consider courses such as Colloquial Polish . . etc. .
 Ok , I bought about 4 CDS for polish an dthis was the best o all ... this CD was great because unlike `` teach yourself Polish '' ... ALL the talk was in Polish with pictures and English written translation ... so you could play it 500 times with NO WASTE at all since you 'll keep hearing POlish so much much better than ' ; teach yourself polish '' cd . it was also much better than polish immersion which was an insult.I highly reccomend this CD
 This CDROM is indepth and will you give a taste of the polish language . Learn the accent before traveling to Poland along with basic phrases and numbers . It took awhile for me to pick up on the language but will be a valuable tool for anyone looking into learning some Polish .
 You wo n't become a fluent speaker of Polish by using this CD ROM , but you will receive a terrific introduction to the language . The format is easy to follow , you can skip around as you see fit , and it 's actually fun to use . I bought this several months before my trip to Poland , and I definitely had a much easier time knowing what I learned from it .
 My daughter really loves this CD and she is only 6 years old ! She intuitively knows how to switch to another topic -LRB- since every topic and every option has its own unique symbol -RRB- . I agree with other customers that this is probably the best one CD that EuroTalks offers for people who wants to learn Polish.This CD has a great selection of topics
 This is a very fun product , thats also very effective . This product features two actual native polish speakers one male one female . You learn by seeing pictures of the word your learning accompanied by how you 'd say it in polish . The course is divided into different sub-categories of study , `` Food , Numbers , Body Parts , Phrases , Etc. . '' and within each of these areas of study you begin buy learning the word by associating it to its picture . Once you learned the words you can play easy & hard games designed to test your memory . There 's also a feature that allows you to hook up a mic and test your pronunciation , which i guess is then compared against the correct pronunciation . I have n't tried using this feature yet . Overall this is a good BEGINNERS product .
 I just received the CD-ROM and made a general tour . Indeed that 's nice software with nice features . I just expected to have a little more lessons , as there are 9 sets of words to learn , each corresponds to a lesson . And there is also a memory game with all words learned.For sure you wo n't be able to understand more than a few words and basic phrases but that 's a very good starting point.One think is you got to listen Polish in order to learn the pronunciation . At least for a complete beginner as me , you 've got use a CD , just a book wo n't help a lot .
 Great product , good price , arrived on time in excellent condition . I will come back to this seller again when I need quality software in a timely manner .
 I read the manual throughly first and went for it . I was able to install with and with out and OS installed . I safely resized , created , combined partitions with no problems . I backs up inportant Windows files to be restored later if need be . If you need to safely try out other OSes than this is for you .
 Although I have not used System Commander 8.0 , I did feel the need to comment about V-Com and there Tech Support.I am an advid user of V-Com 's Partition Commander version 8 and since day one it is the Best thing since Sliced Bread ! I have used it on all versions of windows with no problems . As far as Tech support goes with V-com e-mail support , I have never had a problem with them getting back to me with an answer to my question or a solution to a problem I was having . I have used V-Com 's porducts for about 5 years or so now and will continue for as long as they serve a useful purpose for me .
 For people looking for a great strater camera and bundled software , you would be hard pressed to find a better deal than the IXLA PhotoEasy Deluxe . The package is not that expensive , and considering the price , the quality of the images is great . My kids just love using their new toy , so they can send pictures to relatives all round the world .
 I took the camera out of the box , installed the software , reviewed the quickstart guide , took a bunch of pictures , and checked them out on my Mac , all within about 10 minutes . I did n't want to spend a ton of money yet got pictures fast , my 3 year old even took some pics too , she had a riot though she 's got to work on her composition some ! Listen , this is a great starter camera for people that want to send digital photos to friends and relatives worldwide .
 Received item very quickly and in perfect shape . Not being computer literate I have no idea how to use it , but was informed it was a great program . Item was purchased for a friend .
 I found this title while searching for software to try to teach a severely disabled 7 year-old `` computer kid '' how to use a mouse , and it 's worked brilliantly ! He is mobile but is very low functionally , and he can now open and close his favorite parts of the game at will . Reader Rabbit is the only game I 've found to date that does n't require clicks on the mouse ; changes may be made simply by hovering . Oh , how I wish for more games like these -- until we can get him to learn how to click !! edit 3/5/12
 We played this game at a children 's museum and loved it ! I came straight home and purchased it . My 2 year old is learning how the mouse moves the cursor on the screen . She loves it . My 3 year old niece likes it , too . She can play it on her own , navigating the various screens . Both levels of play have easy and more difficult games . For some , you simply have to move the mouse to color in a page or to pop bubbles . They can also work on letters , numbers , animals , etc , but we did n't buy it for the academics as much as the computer skills . If you want your child to work on beginning computer skills , this is a great purchase .
 I started playing with my daughter on the computer at the age of about 8 months . Our favorite site is www.starfall.com , which has wonderful activities to help children learn how to read . However , after spending a year on starfall , I was craving for something new . After reading some research , I settled on Reader Rabbit game . We 've been playing it for about a month now , about 20 min a day . I am not a big fan of letting toddlers to be rewarded for random hit on the keyboard , that 's why I gave this game 4 stars and not five . We do n't use this feature , and Anna is not interested in the computer mouse yet , so I do all the moving around while she tells me where she wants to go . Her initial favorite was choo-choo train with letters , then it changed to shapes place and to coloring place . She is still not interested in any mini-games that involve animals . She knows all the animals and can do all the sounds , but for whatever reason anything that involves animals -LRB- unless they happen to be kitties -RRB- does n't interest her at all.Despite this game having engaging graphics , Starfall stays her favorite . We always spend at least 10 more minutes there before her computer time is over .
 I bought this for my son and also to use in my home daycare . The children -LRB- ages 1-3 -RRB- all love it . There are a variety of games to choose from and I really like how the mouse is optional . Even a baby can play this , since it is controlled by pushing keys.The favorite game seems to be the ABC train , which I really like . I think it helps reinforce the alphabet and letter recognition . The coloring is fun , and keeps the kids interest but also incorporates ABCs and counting . The Bubble Castle is also a favorite , although I think it seems a little boring , the children like watching the bubbles pop and seeing the dragon count to five . The fingerplays are cute , as are the baby basket bingo games . I have seem my kids follow along during the finger plays.The neat thing is that there is also a baby version on this same CD ; we rarely use the baby games since my kids are all one and up but I have checked it out and it looks neat . I highly recommend this . I do n't think you would be disappointed with this purchase , unless your child is over age three . I have a three year old who plays it , but I do think something a little more advanced would be more appropriate . This is perfect for babies to age 3 .
 Emily was dying to `` work '' on the computer , but she kept hitting Windows buttons and crashing the machine . We bought Reader Rabbit and suddenly , hitting buttons actually made things happen -LRB- besides Mama yelling `` stop ! '' -RRB- and the `` bad '' buttons were disabled . Even the mouse is fun to use , because you can reunite lost baby animals with their parents , color a picture that sings to you , create music of your own , or many , many other great activities . Great software , very well done .
 I have taught preschool computer lab for two years and have successfully used this software with my 1 , 2 & 3 year old students during both school years . I love this software because no mouse clicks are required - only moving the mouse which greatly increases my students hand-eye coordination with the mouse.I currently have 10 PC 's in my lab and run the Toddler software on 6 machines - I love it that much ! -LRB- Note
 This program is a lot of fun and has a variety of activities to delight little ones . Because the activities can all be done just by moving the mouse or trackball -LRB- without pressing buttons -RRB- , even a very beginning mouser can manage it . Pressing -LRB- or pounding on -RRB- keys also causes things to happen on the screen , so even without using the mouse your child can have a great time if you are brave enough to let him or her pound on your keyboard -LRB- not necessarily recommended - my daughter made off with my Z last week ! -RRB- Many of the toddler activities are simple enough to do that a younger child can enjoy them too -LRB- but they still have learning potential for the toddler -RRB- . My only complaint is that the program seems a bit buggy . It periodically locks up my computer so I have to reboot , which is very frustrating for my daughter . Overall it 's a lot of fun.By the way , this program is a combination of Playtime for Baby and Playtime for Toddler packaged together . I was a little confused about how these products were related originally .
 Reader Rabbit Toddler is the best software I have bought so far - its easy for my son to use -LRB- if kids can not use the mouse yet most games work just by hitting keys -RRB- and has alot of fun activities . From the main menu you move a `` Star flower '' to one of nine fun activities - including an alphabet train where you match the letter key to the boxcar to see it open ; a musical meadow where you move a bee from flower to flower to hear them play ; a bubble castle where you pop bubbles to free the animals - it has a variety of fun activities that my son has loved from 18 months to 3 + .
 This is a very good program for toddlers it is very easy for my 2 yr . old to use . My daughter starts clapping and laughing when I start to put the program in the computer . She has so much fun with it . I would recommend this program to any one who has a child between the ages of 1 yr . and 4 yrs . old .
 My daughter Catherine enjoys this software package far more than the other two computer games we have for her -LRB- Lego Preschool MyStyle and Disney 's Mickey Toddler , both of which are good in their own right -RRB- . There are lots of activities involving cute animated animals , and Catherine never gets bored -- even Daddy is entertained . Some of our favorites are the Kaleidoscope at the Baby level , and the Bubble Castle and the Musical Meadow at the Toddler level.The sounds , colors , and animation are excellent throughout . Many activities allow use of the keyboard as well as the mouse , a very nice feature for youngsters who can pound on keys with more facility than they can navigate by mouse .
 This game is adorable ! My 11 month old son loves it and it keeps him mesmerized . He especially like it when he can ` interact ' and pound away on the keyboard . Even my 4 year old son begs to play this game ! Highly recommend !
 The Reader Rabbit series has been a long time favorite for our family . Play time is great fun , our 2 year old , she just crawls in may lap and plays . The software locks out keys that will cause problems and it works on our Vista systems and well and Windows XP systems .
 I stumbled upon this game a couple of weeks ago at the library with my 2 year old . I had remembered how fun the game was for my older children and I wanted to purchase the game for my little guy . I bought the game even though many reviewers noted that it would n't work on vista 64 bit . Well , I got it today and sadly no , it does n't work on my 64 bit vista computer . But it DOES work on my daughter 's 32 bit windows 7 computer . Yay ! We had fun playing with it this afternoon . Now I just need to get him a smaller mouse .
 The latest version of The STAR TREK Encyclopedia leads fans on a wonderful trip of all things TREK ... although I question it 's ability to be considered an up to date version of the compendium ... it is entertaining enough to use as a resource material , especially involving certain episode specific adventures . The video streams are also extremely entertaining !
 For those who enjoyed the encyclopedia , will definatly enjoy this software , an updated version of the Omnipedia . With clips from the shows and movies and pictures from all , this is an absolut must for all trekkies .
 Bought Marketing and Biz Plan builder to help my daughter develop a business plan for her college accounting class . She scored an A and learned how to do the analysis . Other students were amazed .
 I bought this item few weeks ago in order to work on some aspect of my business . I found my investment to be worthy . I strongly recommend this product.Dr . Israel King , Ph.D. . Author ofHow To Keep A Man
 Delphi 2005 was like a slap in the face to Borlands loyal customer base and boy have they paid the price for it . A Google search for it would likely bring up blogs with people complaining about it . It was possibly one of the worst development products every produced.So have they learn there lesson with 2006 . In a word , Yes for the most part.The new features are great but you can read about them anywhere so I wo n't say any more about them other than the fact that they pretty much do what they say they will.The question is , ` Is it more stable and usable than 2005 ' ? Well I 've used it now for about 3 weeks and it has n't crashed on me apart from once -LRB- and that was due to repeatedly debugging my code , which had a large memory leak -RRB- . It is much faster to start up now that I do n't need to load up all the . net stuff just to develop my Win32 app.The downside , well the help still sucks with a lot of stuff missing , the same slow interface is annoying compared to older versions of help.In short Delphi 2006 is pleasurable to use , it works and is pretty solid . Just use google instead of the built in help
 The game is great ! First , you start in the rock crusher area . Use the loader to crush rocks . When a rock is crushed , it is loaded onto a train . Follow the road through the tunnel and then you can switch to the Front Shovel or the Haul Truck . Use The shovel to load the truck and then drive the truck to the processing plant . On the way , you can take the Jack-Hammer Excavator and dig for silver . Also , go through the Ghost Town and wreck some buildings ! Once at the processing plant , dump the load . Next , take the track loader and work in the foundry . Put coal on the flames to melt the ore . Next , once out of the foundry , wait with the forklift for ingots to appear . Pick one up and drive to the big grey gate . Once it opens , drive in . Put you ingot on a scale and then pick it uo again and load it onto the train . Then go back , get some dynomite , and start up the other road . You can go to the Gold Cave or Copper Mine . In the gold cave , you can load the dynomite onto a train and it will go into the mine . You 'll see the train come out in a few minutes . Take the other track loader and load ore from the bin to the conveyor belt . In the copper Mine , Use the buldozer to shove rocks onto the metal plate at the end . They will be conveyed to the crusher . In the end , the graphics are great , the sounds are stupendous , and this program RULES !
 I am very satisfied with my purchase because I did not realize that I was getting 4 different games in the package . And plus I got the game I was looking for .
 Major upgrade from KnowledgePoint 's Performanace Now Enterprise software . Simple Outlook-like interface makes it fast and easy to manage people . My problem is following-up on goals set with employees . Now I just put a Task in Outlook to check PI Workplace every 2 days for reminders . PI Workplace reminds me when to follow-up on the goals and makes it easy to jot down notes on progress . Performance reviews take less than half the time , yet are much more comprehensive . Super solution I recommend to anyone seeking to be more effective in managing their team .
 I bought the Learning Edition because the other ones were too expensive , especially if I decided that VB was not the direction for me . I found the help files and demonstrations very useful and when I decided to upgrade to a more detailed version , I got the special upgrade price so I had n't lost anything . I agree that you could certainly get a good book to go along with it ; I would recommend `` Visual Basic 6
 I found the book to be very easy to go and fun . I really enjoyed working with the many samples from the book . My one complaint , however , I had a hard time finding some of the sample programs , files , etc. . Either they were not on disk , or it was under a different name.Anyway , would I still recommend the book ? Yes , I would .
 When I was 16 , I convinced my teacher at the time to plunk down $ 100 for this software - combined with the videos , and a small book , I taught myself how to develop Windows software in the basement of my house.For anyone wanting to learn Windows development now , this is not the software for it . The Visual Basic language has changed drastically in the last 7 years since the . NET system was introduced , and moving from Visual Basic 6 up would be even more difficult for a novice developer.But if you 're in an environment that uses VB 6 , or VBA -LRB- Visual Basic for Applications -RRB- , this is the best way to learn the basics .
 Visual Basic make programming a snap ! I 'm building GUI 's quickly and easily . Motif for C and Swing for Java ca n't compare in this regard . In fact , it 's almost FUN .
 Mr. Geoffery Brown is incorrect in his statement that the Learning Edition will not make an EXE file . I have been in contact with a Mr. `` Lee Thornton '' &lt;Surreal1@mediaone.net&gt; who assures me that it will in fact make an EXE file as well as build apps that will self-install -LRB- Setup -RRB- . I found Mr. Browns review very confusing .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I think Visual Basic is the best and easy development language you can get . I 've got the enterprise edition and it really is packed with lots of fetures and stuff that will speed up code time . There 's only one things that dissappoint me with Visual Basic , it is
 Choosing a software to use and start in programing should be easy and detailed to understand . Many of my friends adviced me to own a Microsoft Visual Basic 6.0 Learning Edition to support my limited knowledge in computer operations . I am a novis user , with VB 6.0 learning edition , positively it will be a great help to impart the '' What to do & What to start in programing '' . May be my dream to be an accounting system analyst will start from here .
 This pruduced learning I thought i would never get out of a 12 year old .
 I was fortunate enough to have my company pay for this book forme . After finding it online for almost half off and then the upgraderebate kicked the final price down -LSB- considerably -RSB- . That 's a deal for sure.I am about halfway through the tutorial segment and so far , I am pleased . Although it gets a bit dry at times , once you suffer through it , it does give you very useful information.It starts off by explaining the environment of Windows and then moves into the program , itself . It introduces all the tools and windows inside of the program . It walks you through the entire process of building three programs . If you show a large desktop -LRB- I used 1024x768 -RRB- and reduce both windows to be shown simultaneously , you can watch the tutorial for what to do , pause it , and then go over to VB6 .0 and do it ! What can be more simple than that ? You get to learn by doing . That 's one thing that scored this program big points with me ! Later on , more advanced topics -LRB- advanced for a beginner , anyway -RRB- are introduced.Also , since you have all of the tools you need to start programming right away , it is very useful , indeed . There are some features in the Professional and Enterprise editions that are not available in this edition , but I believe there is an upgrade rebate to move from this version to those.Thank you for your time in reading this review . -- Daniel
 Microsoft provides the Learning Edition in my opinion as a starting point for programmers in Visual Basic -LRB- VB -RRB- and the other languages they sell IDE enviroments for , as I do not know of any other learning edition products by them.The product comes boxed up for $ ... as of now , and this is a very good price for an integrated devleopment enviroment -LRB- IDE -RRB- , especially by them - the professional edition costs several hundred dollars more , and the enterprise edition - a thousand or so more.The learning edition comes with several tutorials , but those are n't mine to speak of because I skipped them 9 I bought Visual Basic Step by Step by Micheal Halvorson , Microsoft Press instead -RRB- . Moving along , the learning edition does not have several things that the professional edition offers , just as the enterprise edition has several things the professional edition does n't have available.The learnign edition is meant for beginners who do n't plan to do any higher scale programming - it does n't come with the MAPI email control nor the Internet transfer control , so internet programming with Microsoft controls is not an option - Also not available are `` User Controls '' these are a special type of Visual Basic project that are similiar to regular ActiveX controls . These things allow reusable graphical interfaces which are pre programmed to be inserted into the program . Also not available are property pages - something used when creating a compiled ActiveX control . And finally for soem odd reason User Documents are n't insertable - Not sure why though.The Professional edition comes with extra controls such as the MCI audio and Internet/MAPI controls . These can be useful , and I use third party controls for doing these tasks as I do not need the extra features of the Professional Edition , which I will discuss briefly in a moment.The learning edition is meant for beginners , hence the name ` learning ' edition . As such it does not include any of the more advanced compiling options and project types . There are things such as what kind of CPU code should be outputted ot the binary , or what type of machine it shoudl be compield for -LRB- 16 BIT or 32 BIT -RRB- ... As the editions move up in broadness and price , more project types become available . In the professional edition the option to make compiled ActiveX controls and Dynamic Link Libraries is available . Moving up to the biggest - the Enterprise Edition , things such as Management Console snapins can be written -LRB- a tool for managing large networks -RRB- . Overall , Microsoft 's Visual Basic development enviroment is not the most powerful , and there is much better out there . The things possible in VB are canned routines - getting deeper into the Windows Application Programing Interface -LRB- API -RRB- requires declaring long winded blocks of code with HEX constants and other values to call them.Note
 This product is visual basic 6 for beginners . Do not think that this software will teach you how to write vb code , it wont , I know , ha ha . Im a senior in college who learned how to write vb from a book called , visual basic 6.0 , step by step , the author is Michael Halvorson . This is an excellent book for the `` beginner '' , who wants directions on how to do everything . Its a very well written book , and if you by that book with this software , youll be and intermediate level vb programmer in no time . Just remember , buy the step by step book , unless your not a programming beginner .
 I bought Visual Basic knowing only a smidgeon of QBasic and found out that not only is this programming language much easier to learn , but you get to create modern-looking programs with great ease.I wish that Visual Basic was n't so expensive -LRB- I bought it for nearly $ 100 -RRB- and I wish it came with a more understandable and substantial learning guide -LRB- after all , we are supposed to be learning this ! -RRB- Overall , I 'm more than happy that I learned how to use this programming language because now I can create beautiful and complex programs in a few hours ! If you 're looking to learn a Windows-based programming language , this is the best place to start !
 This product is not as hard as C , or C++ . This product , easy to use , and even fun ! You can control all elements with the click of a mouse and dragging it ! So easy , you can learn it yourself ! Make programs and sell them . This product is # 1 , for novices , and even experts ! I Reccommend this product to any begginer in programming , and even any expert ! So easy to use , and fun . Get this , it will be worth your time ! I am a begginer programmer !
 I have been using VB since it came out right after VC . I have owned every upgrade and am a professional C++ programmer , and I love VB . It 's like candy . It 's so easy to use . Just a medium amount of programming experience can create wonderful programs . In the earlier additions there was some confusion about global variables , user written procedures and subroutines . They were in separate locations causing confusion , but everything is on one page now . You can see every bit of your code by scrolling up and down a single page.Now for the down side , there is a lot left out of the learning edition . I ca n't really fault Microsoft . If they are going to have lesser and better versions then they have to leave something out of the lesser.Finally and perhaps most important do n't forget to use the wealth of help and information found on the online help section . Leave you Internet on and while in VB go up to help and select online help . There is an entire library at your disposal . Try a search , or read general information on a topic . Anything and everything you might want to know is there . Unfortunately in the learning addition most of the advanced functionality is left out . So this wonderful library just tempts you .
 I have used Source Safe on two occassions . The first was a consulting project where we created all the web pages from day one . In this situation , Source Safe is great . You have fewer worries . The second instance is now , where I am currently migrating legacy code into source safe , and it is a little more difficult to deal with . There are not enough resources on how to use this product . The basics of using the product are fairly intuitive and pretty well documented on MSDN online or CD . Unfortunately , the intermediate to advanced -LRB- i.e. tips , tricks , etc. -RRB- information is a little more difficult to come across . The only thing I have been able to find on Source Safe training is a three video series -LRB- about $ 250 for the set -RRB- , which I am still trying to find more information about before I purchase it , and even it that was not all that easy to find . I can not believe that someone has not written about this application . Overall , I think Source Safe is a great tool , especially if you are starting from scratch . However , just keep in mind that you must plan well if you are implementing it into an environment that already exists .
 This is an execellent product . It helps a lot to keep the SW-development clean . Different versions of the code can easily be managed . Older versions can be recalled , compared -LRB- side-by-side -RRB- and even the restore works pretty well . If multiple programmers work in the same project , SS locks files against multiple-edit . SS can even been used for Word Documents -LRB- documentation of the code -RRB- , but SS does not support the compare function then . You must use the compare function of MS Word in that case.Bugs of the Version 5 have mostly been removed .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Microsoft does in fact use VSS in-house for their production . I know this , because I worked there.VSS is an excellent program to use as long as you have the staff -LRB- which any decent IT department should have -RRB- with the know-how to use it . We did n't have any problems incorporating it into part of our daily routine , and we used it to produce the entire Windows 2000 Server Resource Kit , both online and print versions . We also used it for Windows 2000 Help , and we used it for the Windows 2000 Professional Resource Kit as well.Since moving on from Microsoft , I 've found other such production tools to be clunky , and I heartily recommend VSS . Obviously you need someone in your IT department to have the know-how to implement it , but that 's the same with * any * such software program . The time and money you save by eliminating human error in the writing and editing process for any style of development is huge , and VSS is absolutely indispensable for professional-level development of product . Once you get everyone accustomed to using it , it becomes second nature and a seamless part of the normal production process .
 ____ I am fortunate that everyone else returned their products . The publisher included a ... rebate with mine . But enough of small matters . ____ This package includes a few hundred dollars worth of excellent Transparent Language products . The -LRB- actually five CDs of software , one is for listening as in your car -RRB- allow you to practice pronunciation with immediate playback adjacent to a native speakers ' pronunciation and with graphic representation of your voicing . You can choose word or sentence learning modes . You receive a special grammar training CD . The comprehensive talking dictionary translates both to and from Spanish . Every part of the software covers every possible ramification of the needs of a learner . ____ In addition you receive a group of thirteen other alphabets with pronunciations and usage examples . Here you are given the opportunity to learn all of the respective grammar rules as well as the vocabulary included in a capitol city of each language tour summary . Again you are able to record your pronunciations for comparison as previously described . ____ Finally a business correspondence CD offers letter writing aid . ____ This package does include instructions for step by step learning but there are no orderly lesson units specified . You are free to learn at your own pace and in any way in which you are comfortable . Your only requirement is that you regularly devote time to this pursuance . ____ As with anything new you will have to spend some time becoming familiar with exactly what you have available to you in this package . You will have to spend time trying its offerings to get used to them . But I feel that the designers of this product were of exceptional intelligence and have provided the most highly developed learning tool for language that our species has thus far made available for computer interaction . ____ Salut , ________ Jim
 I wanted to get a jump start on French fo rmy French class @ my HS , and the teacher was amazed at my comprehension of the language . And I owe it all to this program . Its great for learning a few phrases for a trip ... . or learning the whole language ! A must-have if you are learning French ! Even if your a teen !
 Choose one of the Funhouse templates . Choose a photo of yourself or a willing or unwilling subject . Maneuver your photo until it fits the opening for a head . Play with color and size . When your done , click finish and you 've got a hilarious new picture.I 've made hundreds of creations using this Funhouse program and the newer FunhouseII available via download only from the manufacturer . Some creations turn out seamlessly and are quite impressive . Sometimes it 's hard to match skin tone well , but the finished products are still funny.If you have Vista or Windows 7 , you may prefer to go directly to the Funhouse site to download Funhouse and FunhouseII , both included in ArcSoft 's print creations . You may try the templates for free , buy the programs , or buy individual templates . With FunhouseII , you choose any two photos and change faces . I 've even changed faces of people with animals successfully.As far as creating your own templates with Funhouse , I 've not seen that option in the program . Maybe I 'm somehow missing it.Anyway , Funhouse is a program with a very high fun quotient and highly recommended . This is from someone who 's tried just about every program of this nature .
 If you like to do different things with pictures , this is a very good product . It is fun and makes people laugh to see themselves in another body .
 I have had so much fun with this software . The picture templates are very high quality . I made a huge collage of the Funhouse pictures I 've made of the ` so-called ' adults we regularly socialize with . I am going to get posters made for each household as Christmas gifts . My son puts his face , as well as his siter 's , on magazine covers . He then posts them on his blog site all the time . I love this software . I love all the Arcsoft software I own .
 I had a lot of fun with this software . I created a lot of pictures with my online friends and shared them . They really got a kick out of them . I think adults as well as children can really enjoy this FUNHOUSE software .
 I loved this product , lost it when my computer crashed , but was able to replace it through this dealer . It 's a lot of fun to use making weired photos of people to amuse them .
 A lot of fun putting friends and family faces into famous pictures . Great uses for greeting cards , posters , etc. .
 I just wrote a review for this same product but underArcSoft Funhouseso please read that review it is titled the same
 I can creat the most amazing web pages with this editor . It is the best I have seen . Once you learn how to use this you can do ANYTHING and I mean anything ! The only thing that could possibly hold you back is if you do not know how to upload your pages without using FP 's uploader -LRB- it can only be uploaded to certain servers -RRB- . You can creat , frames , tables , maqrees , and much more , with just a click a click of a button . It is a WYSIWYG etditor , which can be helpful , but you can also switch from regular , to HTMl , to internet preview . The only bug in it that I have found is that their counters do n't work . But besides that I f you know how to use ot you really can to ANYTHING . Great for beginer-super advanced web editors , their is nothing you ca n't do without just adding a little HTML !
 Microsoft 's Frontpage2000 is a very powerful tool which can greatly increase productivity through dynamic HTML coding . Designing an impressive personal site or a professional business site can easily be accomplished using this product .
 Very Fast and Easy product to use .
 what an improvement over 98 , it is more stable , and easier to use
 This is the best program to make a website ! It is very easy , fun , and has lots of options ! You can make a website for your buisness or personal use . This is a must for you to buy !
 Received quickly and in great working order . Ca n't live without Image Composer and was thrilled to find it at a great price !
 Could n't find my disk when I had to reformat so purchased this one through Amazon . Makes setting up web pages very easy and I like the fact you can see what the finished page will look like or change it to html view if you want to manually add anything .
 FP 2000 is probably the best html editor Microsoft developed . Of course , that is my opinion , but its versatility suits my needs . I rate FP 2000 as great . Thanks Amazon for providing a copy.Chris LaneAlphalane.com
 When my laptop OS messed up , I had to format and reload OS and programs . I was unable to locate my old FP2000 installation disk , so needed to order a replacement . This item fit my needs exactly . The company has some computer issues of their own , and I did not receive my order as timely as I expected ; however the company was responsive to my inquire , shipped my ordered product , and waived the expedited shipping charge . Stuff happens , and I would order from them again .
 Purchased this product for the MS Image Composer Ver . 1.5 thatwas included . That product is being utilitized by a friend to maintain several websites he developed over the past ten years .
 Years ago we started out with studying complicated Html and writing all this strange code , going through all the tedious , confusing process . But we did n't want to be geeks , we just wanted to create excellent professional-looking Websites which could be created without too much of a hassle , and within the shortest period of time . And with FrontPage 2000 we were able to accomplish this task , as it 's certainly the easiest Web-authoring tool out there and the results can look just as professional as most other complicated software tools . But with FP2000 you can accomplish the job in a very short period of time . Once you get used to FB2000 it 's basically just click and paste and it 's a lot of fun to create new Websites . If you use MS PhotoDraw and some other MS applications , your Website will fly like a rocket with unique features that make your Website sizzle . We have only good things to say about FP2000 . To really utilize all the features FrontPage 2000 has to offer , you 'll need to get a few easy-to-read books like FP2000 Fast & Easy by Coletta Witherspoon which is very helpful and some other books to teach you all the tricks and to give you a headstart with your Website project . But using FrontPage 2000 is a walk in the park compared to most other professional Web-creation software . We highly recommend it .
 After having worked through the agonies of hand-coding HTML , Front Pange -LRB- and the back-end Access interface -RRB- has made my life tremendously easier . The approach is structured , and reduces the complexities of web publishing to a few button clicks.I have designed 4 sites with Front Page , and would not change from this program . An excellent tool an value for the money . Anti-trust or not , this program is one that I will keep in my personal tool-belt for a long time .
 After working with web technologies and design for almost a decade , I can say that Microsoft has definitely held up the expectation of software for the non-experienced user . FrontPage 2000 is good for people who wish to create a website of thier own and do n't know the first thing about HTML or any other web programming language . Everything with this editor is point and click as typical with any Microsoft product . While this editor is good for the beginner , more advanced web designers may find it difficult to work with . From personal experience , I have had trouble writing HTML code manually through it for more advanced functions as well as it not working well with designing Cold Fusion or PHP pages .
 This is the beastiest HTML editor ever ! It has saved me so muchtime writing endless tags , page breaks etc. A lot of people havecomplained that FrontPage screws up your code , well , no , it just puts it in a neat organized form that actually makes your pages load FASTER ! That is how your code SHOULD look.Dynamic HTML ? Used to take me hours to code a page with DHTML effects and then debug it . Now only it takes me a couple clicks . Also , it has good power , but is comprehensive unlike other HTML editors like Dreamweaver , and the help files ACTUALLY HELP.Also , instead of linking hundreds of page together FrontPage lets you create `` webs '' or groups of pages to help you stay organized . There are a few technical flaws but if you know anything about HTML you can probably over come them.This product is overall a good product for those who have at least some experience with HTML to advanced level webmasters . NOT for total newbies ! If your JUST starting designing webpages then many of the features will confuse you ...
 I have been using FrontPage for about 2 years and 2000 is great . It neatly organizes my pages , the wizards are useful and has many features that automates tedious tasks . Also , alot of online hosting sites now offer FrontPage extentions . Something I did not have when I first started : -RRB-
 FrontPage is a powerful tool for building professionalweb-sites , but there 's a lot to learn . The fastest and easiest way toget up to speed is to use a training product . -LSB- ... -RSB- END
 well , if you have an idea about making web pages frontpage 2000 is a big improvement over other version , hit works is for the most part stable and it does produce a nice site and fast . if you do n't have the time to make a complete site ms fp2000 does it well . i helps to know how to edit html also . now if you really want to see frontpage work , upload to a server with frontpage server extensions . the free hosts with server extensions do not work well and you want get any support , get a dedicated server that handles fp extensions
 This is the VERY best HTML editor I have used . It 's over the HTML editor of Net Objects , and it 's easy , VERY easy use it . What You See Is What You Get with this program , so the final result of your work is what you see while you work on it . I think it 's great . You must not know about HTML . And if you like make web sites , and you work with a server with FrontPage extensions , you will enjoy VERY , VERY much do your sites with this program . The best of the best HTML editors ...
 A wonderful tool , provides excellent site management and finally produces clean , standardized code that works in any browser . Anyone looking for a professional site design and management tool which does n't create propietary tags and incompatable code should look no further . While it lacks the large number of `` cool '' features that dreamweaver has , it remains the single best site management tool available .
 I have found FrontPage 2000 great from the stand point of not having to learn to write massive amounts of HTML . You can write your own HTML if you are so inclined in the HTML editor , and you can modify pages directly online -LRB- although MS advises not to -RRB- . FP2000 does have a bug though , it will delete information in the shared borders if you attempt to use the `` Find '' feature - definitely a new bug not found in FP98 . The FP extensions are great - just make sure your ISP has them installed properly , otherwise forms , counters and searches , etc. wo n't work properly.We maintain a 453 page e-commerce site that is well over 30 MB , and for a small employee base -LRB- 4 -RRB- , it does n't take us long to modify our site .
 I was able to get a functional website up and running in an afternoon with Frontpage -- it is very intuitive and easy to use . It is even useful if you subsequently graduate to more complex software , like Dreamweaver , because you can establish the basic site with Frontpage and then edit the HTML with Dreamweaver to add further bells and whistles . No regrets at all , with this purchase .
 Microsoft Front Page 2000 is great for anyone just beginning to design personal web pages . It is also practical for more advanced use as well , but I feel it is better suited for smaller website design projects . It is very easy to cut , paste , arrange , and redesign existing web pages with FrontPage . FrontPage will allow even the newest beginner to website design to put together exciting web pages without even knowing how to use HTML code , although a basic knowledge of the HTML language would be helpful and can be learned through trial and error use with FrontPage . -LRB- Note
 I tried several webpage packages -LRB- notably HotMetal Pro -RRB- and I have to say , FrontPage is by far the easiest , most intuitive and powerful software in its class.In no time I had a webpage up and running . Maintaining it is easy , too . Setting up the navigation scheme is simple . There are nice art themes included , and they are n't hard to modify , either . So you can get an attractive webpage published very quickly with FrontPage.It has some quirks . Netscape , forget it . And some of the free webpage hosting sites have trouble with FrontPage 's web publishing protocol . This means you have to upload the pages one by one with FTP -LRB- file transfer protocol . -RRB- And you may not be able to some of the features of the themes like CSS . This does n't bother me a lot , as it is really more a problem of the hosting site , not FrontPage.The package also allows easy use of ActiveX controls , plug-ins , and Java applets , and normal scripting for fancy stuff on graphics-heavy webpages -LRB- careful , as these slow down loading time for many visitors . Know your audience . -RRB- If you are going to get heavily into scripts , ActiveX , plug-ins and more , including Flash , better to go into something like Dreamweaver , where you get more control over what goes into the HTML coding.If you want more than a casual homepage as can be designed by such hosting providers as Geocities , this is definitely the package to use . It 's fun , too . -LRB- When was the last time you could say that about a software package other than a game ? -RRB-
 This program is helpful for all sorts of individuals , whether beginning in HTML or advanced and need a quick fix to simple solutions.It is not truely ment for the web developer to create explosive sites for aethetic appeal , however there are several plug ins that are readily availble that bring easy and simplicity to the programming of applets , bots , forms etc.The ease at which one can navigate around the functionsa nd find out troubleshooting issues is very helpful . The fact that you can integrate Access , Word etc with Office Extensions and create truelly functional websites is amazing.That is the real gem here . The integration with other MS Office products to bring true online collaboration.If you want `` flash '' and sound and 3D graphics to jump out at your viewers , this may not be the best program , but is helpful to assist in creation , tutorial and maintenance of most any site .
 As a professional web designer who spends countless hours using different programs , YES I DO WORK IN DREAMWEAVER , I find that the Microsoft Front Page 2000 has gotten a bad rap.A lot of my professional collegues scoff at the idea that a professional designer uses Dreamweaver . They say Front Page is not a real program , it 's for hack web designers.What most of these designers are missing is the true point of MS Front Page 2000 . It is designed for the average joe to come in and be able to design and maintain a simple site with out a huge learning curve . The interface is very familiar to any Microsoft Office user and they do n't have to spend a lot of time learning the meaning and locations of new buttons and tools.My Company AffordableNetSolutions.com has become a great sucess by designing complex web design and graphics and then empowering our customers to use MS Front Page 2000 to edit and maintain their own sites . It is easy to add/change photos , edit text and create new pages based upon an exising model . Our customers are thrilled with our service and the fact that they do n't have to pay an expensive web designer to make simple changes to their web site.I beleive that so many web designers who complain that MS Front Page is a loser program are failing to realizing the benefits that this software can provide for the customers . Sure , from a professional web designer standpoint Dreamweaver is more functional to do layout design and such . But , it 's interface is very intimidating to a newbie . Also , a lot of features of Dreamweaver require you to have some knowledge of programming.Microsoft Front Page 2000 on the other hand is less expensive , easier to use , and no programming is required . People who do n't have a lot of time and money to spare will find this to be a useful program .
 It is so frustrating to read the reviewers who blast FrontPage and extol their favorite web editor . In most cases it is not the program 's fault but the fault of the user . To the reviewer who stated , '' ... I 'd recommend Front Page only to users who know that they wo n't be creating complex websites ... '' is totally off the mark . An experienced and knowledgeable web author , not the program , creates a complex web site . Yes , FrontPage hides much of the complexity of creating a simple web site and yes , using the surface features of FrontPage will only get you so far . That is why , like using any other complex product , one has to spend time learning the program and find out what it can and do ... Flash animationsIf you need a tool to quickly get a web site up and running , and one that will grow with you , FronPage is your best bet for your money . Or if you are a content producer on an intranet where you need basic workflow and group editing features , FP is sill the answer . If you are purely a programmer or scripting professional that does complex database work on enterprise-level databases , FrontPage may not be for you.Besides its ease-of-use and powerful features , FrontPage also has the largest third-party support of any web authoring product . Dreamweaver does have its extensions architecture that adds additional functionality to the product , but the breadth of available extensions does not match FrontPage 's add-in support.If you are serious about your site and you want a program that will grow with you , FrontPage is the answer . For program enhancements , visit the Microsoft Office Update site -LRB- officeupdate.microsoft.com -RRB- A great web site is a product of the web author , not the product that built it .
 If you are new to web publishing then Frontpage 2000 may be the way to go . It does not quite offer the same level of handholding that the other Office Suite products offer -LRB- like Word -RRB- . For example , the help file is not as complete as you would expect if you were a long time Word user . But if you are willing to work at it , you can become proficient at publishing fairly complex web pages.If you want to make your website interactive then be sure you get a website host that uses the Frontpage Extensions . A couple of drawbacks of this software are :1 . It crashes a lot under Win 95 -LRB- surprise -RRB- 2 . The web pages do not , by default , save locally automatically . If you are working on 5 web pages at a time you have to remember to save each one every 15 minutes due to it crashing often . 3 . The pages created in MS Frontpage 2000 often look different in Netscape than they do in Internet Explorer.Some major pluses :1 . It lets you manage even very complex websites with ease . FP 2000 offers powerful management tools that let you see all your web pages in one place with all the directory structure intact . That is a huge bonus if you have to maintain several websites and update on the fly often . Your websites stay local and you update the entire online portion with the click of a button . 2 . It has spellcheck . Surf the net a bit ... nuff said =--RRB- 3 . It is comprehensive and will allow most novice to intermediate web designers to do what they need to do without learning a line of HTML .
 I use this software almost daily to develop about 80 % of my web sites for business clients . The site management is the best there is . The WSIWYG editor works well and can be hand coded . You can also paste in custom scripts . FP makes some common features available at the touch of a button -- forms , hover buttons , search site engines , comment forms , etc. . It 's a snap to use . It 's easy to make cascading style sheets , etc. . You can specify which browser versions you want to be compliant to . All of the automatically generated features are easily worked into your page design . A couple of features , like flying banners , are n't viewable in Netscape , but that 's a minor flaw . My only complaint is that it writes fatter code than one would write hand coding . Even if you do n't host your web on a server that supports FP extensions , this software is still worth the money & effort . The only features that wo n't work in this situation are the few that require executable scripts , like forms . I 'm not crazy about the FP built in themes , but there are extra downloadable ones on the installation CD-ROM . I do custom work , and have only used the themes once . Plug-ins that offer more javascripts are also available from other software manufactures & enhance the product . I would never use Image Composer , but it 's certainly more cost effective than buying Photoshop , which is the industry standard . This product works for beginners and also advanced users . The documentation is n't very good , but there are a lot of FP tip sites on the web and also many good books that explain how to do it all . A beginner could do a decent personal or business site in a weekend by using the FrontPage wizards .
 Years ago we started out with studying complicated Html andwriting alll this strange code , going through all the tedious , confusing process . But we did n't want to be geeks , we just wanted to create excellent professional-looking Websites with not too much of a hassle in a short period of time . And thanks to Bill Gates for making Microsoft FrontPage 2000 available , it 's certainly the easiest Web-authoring tool out there and the results can look just as professional as with any of the other complicated software tools , but with FP2000 you can do the job in a fraction of time . With FrontPage you 'll save so much time
 If you know absolutely nothing about creating a Web page , Front Page is actually too complicated for you . That is , if very basic things like `` navigation bars '' and `` banners '' are not part of your vocabulary . It 's like taking a foreign language
 I published my first homepage back in 1995 . It required learning basic HTML , and was relatively unattractive . Every file had to be manually uploaded , which took an unbelievable amount of time . Basically , it meant that I created my page , and just left it there for two years , because I had forgotten how to FTP files to it . Enter Frontpage 2000 ! I 've now created a webpage that I add to about once a week . With FP2000 , all you have to do is hit the `` Publish '' button , and all the icky technical stuff is done in the background for you . I 've got about 100 photos and 7mb of space in use , and FP2000 lets me handle it all easily . The wizards are particularly helpful , allowing me to create the framework for my site in less than 15 minutes . Creating a new page is as simple as going to the navigation menu , clicking on the square representing the page you want to add to , and dragging a new page from it . All the hyperlinks are automatically updated , and the link to the new page is added to the menu on the original page . I also used the book `` How to use Frontpage 2000
 I bought this item and then found the one it was replacing . . I emailed the seller and they returned my money.Very good communication and very HONEST seller .
 excellent product for developing web pages , I do n't know why MS discontinued it , but I love being able to flip between the html code , a graphical editor and an actual view of what the page will look like on screen . it 's simple to use .
 I was very pleased with the order processing and delivery.The product was exactly what they promoted .
 Front-Page 2000 is a standard . If you manage teams from various countries , you will appreciate multi language support from Microsoft -LRB- either online or through call centers in each country -RRB- . Working from France with colleagues from USA , Austria , Spain and Greece I chose Front-Page 2000 for its multi-lingual versatility . What I like most in Microsoft is homogeneity
 My computer was so messed up that FP was a nightmare . I was trying to run the program without reading the installation requirements . Web managers that I use to edit HTML were not giving me errors.After I read some of the book -LRB- and had a friend fix my PC -RRB- it 's remarable how cool FP performs.Obviously , the negative comments on FP are written by other novice web developers . Be patinet , read the book and you wo n't be dissapointed .
 FP2K is an excellent upgrade to FP98 , in that now you are able to target your site 's functionality based on most likely browser/version to visit your site . You now have more control over limiting FP2K ability to modify custom written code . I have found FP2K to be very easy to create sites that work in both major browsers/versions .
 Frontpage2000 is a dream to use . Yeah I know FP98 was terrible at best but 2000 Rocks!Frontpage2000 does n't touch your code -LRB- Like 98 did -RRB- , and you can build complicated table structures in a snap . Its very easy to use.The one Big reason I love Frontpage is the way you can use the pencil and eraser tool to just draw out tables and cells and erase them easily . This saves me an unbelievable amount of time , to just draw out cells with a pencil , instead of using , say , Dreamweaver , VI , or Homesite , where you have to calculate your table and cells.And I Like the Frontpage2000 server extensions , which allow me to work on my web site at work , home , my friends house , whatever.Im no Microsoft fan , but they won me over with FP2000 . Great purchase!My only gripe is that anytime I double click on an image to open up photoshop , Frontpage forgets that Photoshop is my default editor and I have to enter it again . It 's annoying , and takes about 10 seconds to remedy , but well worth it .
 We love it . Vast improvement over FP98 . Very easy to use .
 For some time I 've been looking for software for Microsoft 's FrontPage , as I 'd used a component -- Image Composer -- for years , and lost it when my old computer died . Finally , I tried Amazon 's resources and VOILA ! I found it ! The source delivered as promised ... new and in the box reinforcing my previous experience with Amazon 's vendors .
 Hi , Whoever says , Site designed with Frontpage will not show perfect in Netscape are not knowing FrontPage 2000 completely . Frontpage 2000 has settings for Browsers as well as servers . If you set these options , the you will not have single item on your site which will not show perfectly in Netscape . Front Page 2000 is a product for 90 % of the peoples ' requirement . If you have any question on Front Page 2000 , you may ask me at hasitdave@yahoo.com Hasit Dave
 I 'm a what you see is what you get type of person . Front Page helped me create my website . I use the program daily and enjoy it emensly -LRB- sp -RRB- . A great program : - -RRB-
 An excellent HTML editor for seasoned users & mostly new webmasters ! This program , though it does seem to have a few minor glitches , is rather good . Also check out MS-Publisher 2000 , with both MS-Publisher 2000 and FP 2000 , they work side by side ! Helps to create DHTML more flawlessly too !
 This product is like any other proprietary HTML editor , adding it 's own code into the document . I used FP 98 for a while and decided to hand write my own HTML after having problems with layout . Since learning ins and outs of HTML for a while , I picked up FrontPage2000 and find some of it 's features are great , but to get the meat of what this program can do , you must have the server extensions installed on your web server . Without them , this program just is n't worth it . Another downside to this program is that since it is proprietary , it has it 's own way of doing everything . Meaning the standard way just wo n't work . An example being Includes . FP does it 's own includes , so using the standard #include wo n't work . If you are learning HTML and are n't familiar with code or if you do n't have time to mess with code , this is the program for you . It does all the code for you and you do n't have to do anything.I must repeat though
 This is the software that will put all us web page designers out of business . Simplicity and Power in one package . Design in a WYSIWYG or HTML . Incorporates JavaScript easily . I 've tried numerous others , none have been as intuitive as FrontPage . And now that nearly all servers are running `` FrontPage Extensions '' we can forget tedious CGI scripts . With FrontPage Hit Counters , Guestbooks , Feedback Forms , Banner Managers , and more are all a snap .
 This software is wonderful for those individuals looking to put together a quick , adequate site without any programming . Bear in mind , however , that some functionality , such as Java Script , is often difficult . Also , to utilize such features as search , feedback forms , etc. , you will need to find a server that supports FrontPage Extensions . I have mastered the program , but find it exteremely powerful for someone not all that interested in being bogged down with html code .
 Microsoft FrontPage 2000 is a fantastic webpage creator/HTML editor . Before purchasing my copy of FrontPage 2000 , I was using Adobe GoLive 5 . What I especially liked about FrontPage 2000 was the ease of use . If you have ever used a Microsoft Office product before , you can learn FrontPage with relative ease . FrontPage brings templates -LRB- such as online forms -RRB- to you , which other products do not . There is a downside for FrontPage , and that is for some of the more advanced features the host server will need to have FrontPage extensions installed on it . You should check this with your host before purchasing . This is becoming less of a problem , however , because more and more hosts are installing these extensions . If you do n't mind moving your site , you could always move it to a host with these extensions anyway . This is one product , I would highly recommend .
 As a new user of Front Page 2000 I have been intrested to read all your comments on the product . However It has come to my attention that some of the comments are totaly unfounded . In all the bad reviews of the product we here mention of the inability of Front Page to create Webs that are cross browses compatible , this is a totaly unfounded statement . Microsoft in its wisdom has enabled the user to select the browser the webs designed will be used on and in essence enabled the user to specificly design for one browser . This gives the user the flexibility to design one general , all browser web or alternativly design webs that maximize each browsers features and link the two on a common home page . In closeing I have found that Front Page is a strong and user friendly development tool .
 Frontpage 2000 is a great program that allows beginners to advanced web designers to have awesome websites . The program 's features are very flexible and allow you to edit in both WYSIWYG -LRB- What you see is what you get -RRB- mode and Raw HTML mode . It will make frames for you automatically , a feature that many webmasters want but are not sure how to create , and much more . This is a wonderful , powerful program that I definitely recommend buying if you have the money .
 I have have created about half a dozen websites using FrontPage and overall have been extremely happy with it . It 's reasonably easy to use and turns out great looking websites . I 've also been extremely happy with their technical suppport . I usually get through without a wait , and have found their staff to be friendly , helpful , and knowlegable .
 FrontPage 2000 deffinatley makes up for the short comings of FP98 . Now you can edit your source code directly without having the editor jack it up -LRB- the editor is actually gone in this new version , it 's all combined into one -RRB- . The database integration is great , however you should hand code your asp so not to reveal details about your data source.All-in-all , FP2000 is outstanding . It allows easy office integration and lots of tools for site management , which is makes it great for webmasters and site reports.I have tried Visual Interdev , Drumbeat , and others , but I feel this is the best product for me . Many argue this choice , but I say `` buy it , try it , and enjoy it . ''
 I am only 13 , and I have FrontPage 2000 , it came with my Office 2000 Premium.Let me tell you , this is the most easiest way to make webpages . It offers 9 different types of frames with WYSIWYG -LRB- What You See Is What You Get -RRB- formatting . Which means that you edit the page like it is , no more HTML tags , just as easy as you typing something . The system does the tagging for you , flawlessly!It also offers a `` Preview '' tab for easy editing and for those who just have to , it offers a `` HTML '' tab where you can see and edit the page using raw HTML codes.It offers form editing , Java scripting , plug-ins . It even has a `` Visual Basic '' editor ! I mean , what more could you possibly want!This is a tool to beginners and seasoned HTML ` ers . It is always fun to mess around with FrontPage . With ample features -LRB- more than any other WYSIWYG HTML editors -LSB- as a matter of fact , of all the HTML editors -RSB- -RRB- . FrontPage is simply the tool for todays HTML programmers ! It is worth the `` bucks '' , trust me ! I would say more . but there is TOO much to say , and I can only use a maximum of 1000 words ! BUY FRONTPAGE 2000 !
 I have had some pretty stinkers for web programs when I just started out . So I really wished I had gotten this first . When I got it I was really impressed how easy it was to learn . It was hard a little at first , but once I got the hang of using it I loved it . I have made a few great sites with it . My friend even designed a site for me and with my Frontpage program I was able to edit with Microsoft Frontpage to keep updating the site . And now it 's one of my best sites ! So I would definately get Frontpage 2000 if your just starting out or again if your a professional web designer : -RRB-
 A lot of people have blasted this software , saying that it 's a kid 's toy and you ca n't actually do anything with it . One person even said it 's easier to code in html . All these people , in my opinon , have a hate complex about Microsoft , and refuse to actually dip into the program and see it 's powers , that you wo n't find until you spend more than 5 looking at it -LSB- and giving off -RSB- . This program , in the right and experienced hands , is incredibly powerful . I am a professional who uses both Frontpage and Dreamweaver on occassion , and I must say I prefer Frontpage . I find it more usable , and quicker , and produces the same results with greater ease.Frontpage is a great program , for beginners , intermediates , and professionals . Sadly , it is n't suitable for people who do n't want to learn . Or people who like to bring down good programs because they are too arrogant to learn how to use them properly .
 I use Microsoft FrontPage both at home for our Church Website and at Work for our Customer Care Website on our Intranet . The program is user friendly and does everything you need it to do . I highly recommend it over all of five other WEB Editors and Managers that I have used . You can be smart and write your own HTML or use WYSIWYG features where yo point , click and type and Front Page does most of the work for you . Well worth the bucks . Robb
 I truly like FrontPage 2000 , and I * love * the fact that Microsoft recognized that all of us drones out here really do want to be able to work with the code
 This HTML editor is very good , except that it seems to throw in defaults instead of letting one choose their own `` FORM ACTION '' control . I personally created a church website with Microsoft 's Publisher 2000 , then tweaked it up with FrontPage 2000 , since FP has more goodies to offer than Publisher!So folks ... I recommend both
 I 've never used the program as of yet , just doing research as I contemplate a purchase . A couple of reviews have brought up the issue of are pages developed w / FP2000 compatible with other browsers . A book I have , `` FrontPage 2000 for Busy People '' by Christian Crumlish -LRB- nicely written book -RRB- shows in chapter 2 , pg 31 , that FP2000 allows you to select the browser compatibility . For instance , you can select compatibility with just IE 4.0 , or you can select IE 4.0 and Netscape Navigator 4.0 together . The program will customize your options to suit your audience . For instance , if you select compatibility with IE and Navigator 3.0 versions , you 'll lose some of the jazzier options like dynamic html etc , but will still be compatible.Thus it appears that Microsoft has thought through the compatibility issue and largely solved it . YMMV -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB-
 This program is incredibly easy to use and is so affordable , you may do a double take at the price . For those who say HTML what ? This is the best solution I have found so far . Yes , you can view the HTML and you may even get to copy and paste some into the program , however , most likely the only thing you will need to deal with is the Meta Tags , which can be done after you have created your pages . If you look in the HTML view you will see the top portion of each page is basically the same . This information will help the search engines find you once you are listed . I am working on that next!The beauty of this program is once you create your Web site , you can launch it with ease . You will be flying on the Web in no time . You can start with just one page and build more as you need them , or you can build an entire site , test it out and then launch . You do need to be online and have a domain name set up with your provider even before you start building . Those are the first two steps.While working in this program , there are various ways you can view your site . There are three areas which will be open and also three options for viewing each page . On the far left you have a vertical column of icons : Page
 I do like FrontPage . I started web design with FrontPage 98 . I then went to JavaScript and other web design programs . Upon reading other reviews , FrontPages is pretty good for the average person who needs a quick web site . It has quick wizards and templates . Again I agree with other high-level web designers , it is not practical for cross browser compatibility . Dreamweaver works better . I do use if for the bulk of my coding . Actually it converts stuff into code . That does save me time . Then I go back and edit the HTML and Jscript to suit my customer 's needs . The program has its bugs , but for the price you can use it for intranet solutions as long as your network is confined to the latest IE version that FrontPage supports . It is also a good stepping stone into web development ; some you wo n't have to invest too much time and money to see if you want to do this as a hobby or a career . . According to one review a customer had problem with the FTP function . This is not well explained in the textbook . You have to get some answers on chat pages and ask questions . You might even want to take a class . I do hate that Image composer or Photodraw does n't have a text . It is a smart little program and I would use it more if I did n't have to spend so much time in the help menus.Again , for the money it is a good starting product . To be a good web designer , you have to have JavaScript and a good understanding of HTML . You may even consider ASP , Cold Fusion , and CGI using Perl to develop more programming skills.Nelson May
 If you have Frontpage 98 , get rid of it and buy this version . I had Frontpage 98 and so many things are harder to do in it than it is in Frontpage 2000 . If you are toying with the idea of trying a piece of software out to create webpages for you , this is a great one . However if you are new to doing webpages , you might want to read the book that comes with this so you will understand what you are doing.One warning and this has occurred in several areas , not many of the real neat Frontpage web objects that you can insert on your webpage will work with the `` free '' 5MB of free space your ISP provider gives you with a internet access subscription . This even includes simple stuff like counters and navigation bars.I think there is a way you can get this stuff elsewhere , I just have n't tried this yet . However the point is , some of the whiz-bang stuff Frontpage gives you wo n't work on these sites . So if you make this real glitzy cool page before you start uploading to your website , do n't be surprised when it balks and says you do n't have support for these features.What I also liked about this product over Frontpage 98 , was that the ftp interface was easier to use , one button and one address gets you where you need to go . Also , the new page checking mechanism with a task scheduler makes it neat to keep track of the work you are doing on each page.I 'm still not using much of the full capacity . However , the ease of use of this product made it real simple for me to upload a page and photos to my ISP 's provided home page to sell some stuff on ebay . That is initially all I wanted to use it for and I was struggling to do this before.I am confident that this will also make it a whole lot easier for me to do even more complicated pages in the future . Since it is easy to get to the html code , I can alter that and see the results before I publish.The only negative is the lack of support for the neater features , I hope Microsoft would work out some of these issues so we can use all of it 's capability by the next release .
 It is true , this version of FP is actually more than I expected . It provides a lot of what novices and intermediate users need to create a page or pages with class and a distinguished style . Though it does not give a total control over every aspect of design , I still think it is an excellent product . There is a lot to say between FP 98 and FP 2000 . The most important is that it is much easier to use and that you can see exactly what you are putting on the page without having to save the page and lauching a browser . It also estimates the time that a page will take to load on a 28.8 , 56 , ISDN and T1 line , to get an idea if your visitors will wait for all those awesome graphics to load or if they will press stop and go elsewhere . However , it is true that Microsoft FP will overwrite some things that the user may edit in HTML , which is bad because Microsoft is not God and it does not make perfect corrections , so tread lightly -LRB- the code will still work , it is just many times redundant in nature . -RRB- All in all , it is a very good product . Strange for a company known to speed product out the wazoo , rather than wait for a authoritative version . Buy it if you are a novice or intermediate user , and if not look for Dreamweaver .
 This is great software to get your own website up and running without any knowledge at all of HTML programming . It 's been toprated by PC-magazine and others , and I do n't dispute that.My beef is with the manual and online support -LRB- forget about phone help -RRB- . If it were n't for the SUPERB tutorial , you could n't figure it out using the manual . The tutorial saves the day for FP2000 , it really gets you up and going with enough basic skills to take it from there . Do n't even think -LRB- if you are a novice -RRB- of trying to learn the program using the manual and/or the help system.The help system is colorful to be sure , but has its own vocabulary which -- if you do n't know the proper -LRB- ie , MicroSoft 's -RRB- term you wo n't find it . For instance , I imported a WORD document which was automatically converted by FP2000 into HTML format -LRB- nice ! -RRB- . But the text in the workspace had every word underscored with dashes . I coul n't find in either the index or the help system what that underscore meant . Fortunately , it must have been an editing indicator for it does n't show when displayed with a browser . Still , I 'm up in the dark!If this is the best -LRB- and it may be for experts -RRB- then MicroSoft has a long way to go in putting some of those billions of profits in writing decent instruction manuals . Again , the tutorial really is superb -- but that should be just the start of getting you going with more explicit details .
 I bought another Microsoft software-The Bookshelf first before I found out about the Encarta . The Encarta is the best reference I 've ever had . Comparing with the paper version of encyclopedia , this CD version is compact and gives you a lot of connections to homepages and other sources . The thing I like most is the audio-visual part , including animations , Einstein 's and Chairman Mao 's short speeches , Lindbergh 's takeoff on the Spirit of St. Louis , just to name a few . Above all , the content is so well organized that it is very easy to use . I use the Encarta a lot in teaching a college course . I also own a Britannica CD-ROM , but it 's too complicated and the letters are so small that I can hardly read . If you are looking for a comprehensive , useful , well documented , and interesting source of knowledge , Encarta is the best choice . You will also receive free updates from Microsoft , to keep the info on the CD from outdated .
 I have bought Encarta the last couple years and it just keeps getting better . This version is perfect if you have internet access as it grabs a lot of extra materials online , making the program seem that much bigger , and it can offer so much more material . It is great for reference . I have done many reports with just using Encarta , it has that much to offer . It is also a great learning tool , not just for adults , but for all ages . It has many interactive features that make it a joy to use . Everything is well laid out , and it is easy to find what you are looking for . I have tried most of the other encyclopedia programs on the market , and Encarta is the best by far .
 It seems like Microsoft has spent a lot of time on this software , and it has paid off . It has all of the regular annual features returning -LRB- like articles , videos , audio , virtual tours -RRB- , but also has many new features , such as the monthly yearbook and web link indexes , a homework help center , thousands of pieces of new content , more sidebars , cross references to the Web in articles , and even a special section on millennium and the celebration of time to commemorate the year 2000 . This was a very helpful reference and I would recommend it to anybody who may refer to one -LRB- which is just about anybody ... -RRB-
 I did n't expect this program to be as entertaining as it is ! I thought I was purchasing a simple reference work , but I 've spent literally hundreds of hours in front of my computer reading about new things , and just skipping from topic to topic as something interesting catches my eye . -LRB- ` course I used to to this with the paper-based encyclopedias as well , but this involves much less page flipping ! -RRB- I 'm particularly impressed with the virtual 360 degree tours . I visited Rome in October 1999 , and the virtual tour of the Roman forum included on the CD is a really neat experience . -LRB- Not quite the same as being there , but the CD costs a lot less than my trip ! -RRB- One of the features that absorbs a lot of my time is the monthly update . New articles are downloaded as a package every month via the internet . I found the material to be extremely current and interesting . It 's like having someone preparing new fascinating information for you on a monthly basis . I 'd recommend this CD for families with kids of all ages , and any curious people who like answers to the questions that occur to them from time to time . Also , be sure to note that the 2001 version of the encyclopedia ships on Aug. 18 , 2000 . You might want to hold off your purchase until then .
 Not sure who 's going to read this now , but this product and the accompanying atlas and dictionary helped spark my desire for knowledge and my love of computers.Pity it does n't run well on anything later than Win 2K .
 This is the best CD-ROM Encyclopedia I have ever bought . I am really glad we bought this and I suggest it to anyone !
 An excellent encyclopedia with a lot of tools and features , yet very easy to use .
 I love this software . It keeps all the spam messages out of my inbox and is very easy to manage
 Formatting is quickest of all major suites
 The review that they it does n't convert very well is true but I make newspapers , brochures , integrated graphical reports dropping in the grapher and spreedsheets by copy and paste . It is n't a main stream program but as long as I was converting only text I was usually Ok with some minor editing . OVerall worth it if you want a meetier word processor and you do n't have to constantly share files .
 This software Landscape vision has a new downloadable version that is much better then the cd one . More options , bigger screen , no changing your grapic setting anymore . Let 's you import any image too . I both the first version and liked it , but I needed more options so I upgraded to the next version , and I 'm really liking it . Check out their site www.landscapeyourvisions.com
 This `` Music Creation Game '' is totally awesome . If you have ever wanted to scratch like a pro-dj , make phat raps , or even record your OWN raps this is the game . With over 1,000 loops , bass lines , raps , sound effects , voice recordings , your own scratches and more . There is two side screens other than the 6-line music creator that you drag & drop effects for the song the scratch and the recording studio . The scratch area is where you can scratch like a pro by draging your mouse to turn the record , drag your own sound effects into there and scratch the ... out of them . You can make a whole scratch line for your song or make a perfect scratch for your other songs . This is great if you ca n't afford all the expensive equiptment to scratch really ! The recording studio is where you `` record lyrics '' or `` effects '' for your song . In all this is a phat 5 star game for anyone who has the talent of music creation .
 It is so fun , it can keep you occupied for hours . Beware ! If you buy this , you will be attached to your computer for at least the next 10 days ! Once you get going , there 's no stopping . You can save your songs as MP3 's and send them to your friends and put them on Napster . THOUSANDS of riffs you can mix and match to make your dreams song . There 's also rapping and singing you can put it . The bottom line
 this is the easiest music creation software out ther , it 's really cool , some of the samples are very lame , but if you download some samples and import them well then you can make some decent songs . the price is reasonable , so it 's worth the money .
 This program is cool to play around with but it 's whack if you are working from a professional point ...
 even people who do n't like rap or hip hop can enjoy this game . i love jazz personally , and i found this game very entertaining . it makes making music very simple and fun .
 This game is cool.My friend let me borrow it and I played for hours.I really do recommened this game for every one.I made about forteen songs and all of em are cool.I recommened yhis game to you .
 Sometimes sellers do not respond to requests for a Return Authorization and Amazon seems hesitant to be involved . I purchased this product Feb. 15th 2012 . This product is unopened and new in box yet I get no response for a return authorization as requested . The third party shipper has agreed to accept the product back but that does not insure my refund from the seller.Lesson learned ; do not purchase any products from a seller using a third party for support and shipment . `` Drop Shipping '' is not a safe choice . One may never get your money back !
 Having used flowcharting programs for business modeling , beginning about the time Visio was introduced , I find Visio the easiest to use of all . User groups and Visio forums have tutorials and free downloads . Any Visio 2000 version qualifies for the Visio 2007 upgrade price for both standard and professional versions .
 I made my own site and used Purple Spider 's SEO Secrets to get my site high in Google and Yahoo! The instructions on the CD are easy to follow and include great examples . This is you one-stop shop for all your answers on high search engine rankings .
 My original disk was acting up , so thought it was time to upgrade . I 'm happy with the new product , as I will never buy another Hallmark card !
 Why did I rate this so high ? My grandaughter saw this set and really wanted it , so I , of course bought it for her . She has n't stopped using it . She can identify most constellations , tell me what planets are visible , explain clusters and doubles and much more . All because of this crazy little set . She loves the software that came with it . My only complaint is I have to beat her to the computer because once she brings up `` Starry Nights '' it will be a few hours before I can use it . Best money I ever spent . I just love watching her fascination with astronomy .
 I 've been using Acrobat Pro since version 3.0 . This is by far the best user interface of any version . Also like the new tool to combine multiple files into a single PDF . No support for Office 2007 docs yet , but I understand from Adobe there will be a free patch soon .
 For me , the indexing and cataloging feature alone was worth the price of this upgrade.Thumbs up to Amazon , who were the only retailer from whom I was able to ascertain that this will upgrade from V5 + -LRB- i.e. 5 , 6 , 7 or 8 standard -RRB- . I sent e-mails to 2 of my other suppliers which were ignored . The software house was less than helpful . I called one major photographic retailer in NY to receive confirmation of their website info -LRB- and that of others -RRB- that it will only upgrade v. 8 Standard.Take it from me that it upgraded my v. 7 Standard and the box indicates what Amazon stated - from V5 + . Congratulations , once again , to Amazon , for a superior shopping experience.Trinian
 While it did annoy me to have to upgrade to the Pro product in order to get functions like form creation -LRB- that was part of Acrobat 5 standard -RRB- . The upgrade process was seamless and I am still exploring some of the functions available to me now.Adobe does play a bit coy with even acknowledging that there is a standard to pro upgrade product , but I have come to use the software a lot . I just wish the price was a little better .
 My experience with Acrobat has mostly been limited to creating PDFs from WORD , EXCEL , and graphics software , mostly for purposes of distributing to others . With each upgrade since v. 5.0 , I 've noticed it easier to do the job . I know people who use it as regularly as I use MS WORD and swear by it .
 I have owned Acrobat since version 4 and have upgrade a few times . The last few times I went with the Standard version instead of the Pro version . This time I went with the Pro so I could do everything I wanted to do . I like the version 8 interface better than version 7 as it seems to be more intuitive to me . I am glad I upgraded .
 I upgraded from Version 6 to Version 8 Pro and love it . Adobe 8 has so many cool features .
 For anybody who needs the full power of Acrobat , this is the way to go . Highly recommended
 Product was exactly as advertised and arrived in excellent condition .
 Product as usual works as described , but help through the product or parent company is lacking.I upgraded from version 5 and had no major problems -LRB- although you can not run both versions in that 8 removes 5 from your system -RRB- with installation.Once you are in 8 much has changed and even with a large degree of compter savy working through the changes were not intuitive nor were the help files clear and easy .
 I love the product . I especially like being able to type text onto scanned pdf documents . Extremely helpful for filling in government or preset forms . I should have checked the nnumber of licenses with the upgrade -LRB- only 2 -RRB- . I use on my office , home and laptop computers . A single license is not available so I had to buy two full upgrades .
 Adobe Standard 8.0 is worth the upgrade from earlier versions . If you do research and want a better interface , design and functions then you need this new version of Adobe . It is an incredible tool for gathering , sorting , copying and formatting information . It also is faster than older versions . See details -LRB- above -RRB- on Amazon . Recommended for all information-knowledge workers .
 Adobe Acrobat Standard 8.0 installed with ease on my XP system and `` worked '' just fine . However , after registering my product I was `` offered '' , a short time later , the latest update from Adobe to version 8.1.1 . DO N'T download and install this update ... it took forever to do so and afterwards every time I opened a . pdf in Adobe I would receive a message stating that
 Installed as an upgrade from V5 .5 . LOVE the program , especially the OCR capability to reverse a pdf to editable text . Highly recommended product for any office that sends a lot of documents via fax . Instead of faxing now I send via email as a scanned pdf and do n't have to pay the long distance phone bill to fax out of the area .
 The upgrade presents a good value for a Vista-compatible product that includes improvements to ease of use , particularly for combining documents into a single PDF .
 I was concerned that this version from Amazon was not Windows Vista compatible . It is ! Just install then go to Help > Check for Updates and you will get version 8.1.1 which does work on Vista . I am very happy with this version of Acrobat . It can make a PDF from an Excel workbook regardless of the number of worksheets -- even if there are different print settings between worksheets .
 I have used versions 5 , 7 , and 8 . I avoided 6 due to bad reviews . I only upgraded from 5 because it would not properly print revision triangles I used in many of my documents . Other than that , 5 was the best version of all . Easier to use , and I could read the preview screen .
 Product is good , but there are some bugs , the document always needs refreshing to clean it up . Screen repaints and overlaps itself .
 I upgraded from version 6 of Adobe Acrobat . The new interface in version 8 is excellent and much more streamlined than previous versions . As in all other versions , the product is a bit buggy but nothing that will hinder your use . Sometimes various functions of the program stop working , but when you reboot you computer they sort of fix themselves . Overall , this is a worthwhile upgrade if for the interface alone .
 So far this product has performed to my expectations . Ease of use has been exceptional and application has performed flawlessly .
 Adobe Acrobat Standard 8.0 did everything I needed it to do , which is to write PDFs from Microsoft Word 2000 and to encrypt them with a password .
 Stretch Your Creativity to the Max.Unleash your creativity and imagination with professionally designed layouts , spectacular images , brilliant backdrops , and effective patterns ; plus distinctive fonts and bold headlines . Get your creative juices flowing and make your business cards stand out . Features all the exquisite content , design power and ease of use that you want from print productivity software.Everything is Inside the Box.Layouts , clipart , and fonts are all included inside this box . No more fussy `` downloads '' to deal with when all you really want to do is get started and finish quickly . All you have to do is supply the paper , install the program , follow the 3 easy steps , and then print.Design Like a Pro.Create professional business cards , letterheads , envelopes , calendars , greeting cards , postcards , invitations , signs , banners , certificates , and more . * Choose from Over 2000 + Templates
 there lot of great thing for , the great thing is the unlimited tracks . it really unlocks a lot more creative ideas . it has the basic like speed up and slow down . the library helps with organization . rendering takes standard time nothing special . most important its a semi-stable program so its good . it has a windows interface so its great but it just basic or atleast doesent go out of its way to show off it complexitycapturing it drops frames like crazy . the keyer doesent quite get thing as well as other programs .
 What a great product ! I just returned from the Yukon . After using the detail maps and navigation from my GPS , I would highly recommend you not travel without picking one up ! It surely is a must !!
 This compiler is the best I 've used for the C / C++ Language . It comes with various templates to use as guidlines when creating programs.I was disappointed at first with the product because it did n't seem to come with good tutorials , ...
 Picture It ! Digital Image Pro 7There Is Lots Of Room For Upgrades , But It 's A Good Place To Start Learning The Basics Then Move Up .
 NLE and DVD authoring . Editor is very well constructed ; DVD Architect more tan satisfies my requirements .
 Excellent software but is not compatible with windows VISTA !!! I could n't install the DVD architectural software on that platform and the Vega studio does not properly run either !
 I know that there are lots of free or shareware programs out there that do many of the same things , but getting it all in one bundle is a really good deal . The best part of the deal , however , is the instant tutorial that will tell you how to do what you want to do on your very own project . You do n't have to go to some faked-up tutorial project to learn . That is one of the best help devices I have seen on any software in a long time . Of coure , in all the free programs , the help section runs from fairly poor to non-existent . The tutorial alone is worth the price of the product and the product works very well indeed.I reserve the 5 star rating for the super top of the line pro products , otherwise this would have that rating .
 This really is a good piece of software , and is able to handle most any jobs .
 I 've been using Adobe Premiere Elements 2 for a number of months now and have been suitably impressed with its quality and usability . But , I have also been disappointed with some of the restrictions with DVD authoring and sound editing . So I purchased Sony Vegas so I could add 5.1 surround sound to my project.It turned out that the Vegas is so powerful that I will be re-editing my project in there . When I say powerful , I mean that there does n't appear to be any picture degradation and the sound is clear , ie , no static or popping . PE2 is certainly a much simpler editing tool to use -LRB- and provides some need editing and titling options -RRB- - Vegas has some annoying points - but for the quality of the end result you ca n't go past it.The DVD Architect is brilliant . There is very little you ca n't do here . Again , as with Vegas , the picture quality is phenomenal . My only gripe is that chapter motion menus are 30 seconds long and this ca n't be altered.This software is so impressive it 's the first time I 've written a review . I 'm prepared to have the odd struggle coming to grips with the functionality in the knowledge that the end result will appear professional .
 Have a Sony DCR-SR200 . Needed a reasonably priced video editing software so I downloaded demos of Adobe Elements , Sony Vegas Studio , and Pinnacle.Was able to get the quality I wanted with Sony Vegas Studio -LRB- after a few setting changes and dvd 's -RRB- . New to video editing , so there was a learning curve . If you want a software that has many books to read for reference then look somewhere else . Could only find 2 books on Sony Vegas Movie Studio . The ` Help ' feature of the application does do a pretty good job though . I 'm happy with the product .
 What a great piece of software . Installed easily -LRB- on XP -RRB- , loads fast and handles everything I throw at it . I 've had the unfortunate life experience of being a `` software tester '' since 1980-something . Vegas MS+DVD ranks way up there on my list of software that does a lot for me , without me having to do a lot for it.Contrary to what I read in several product reviews , the learning curve was just about non-existant . If you have the computer skills to be reading this review , then you should be able to run Vegas just fine.The one negative I had was my fruitless search for `` velocity envelopes '' -LRB- a controller curve that allows for variable play-back speed -RRB- . The help menu indicates this feature is available . However after much searching , I 've concluded that it simply does not exist in this product . I believe this was an artifact from the help menu for the higher end product.Regardless , a great product .
 I loved the product . I am not a computer person and I was able to figure out how to put my video on and add music and still pictures to make a movie and burn it onto a dvd .
 While I am not as technologically savvy as my husband , I did buy this for both of us to use . We recently put together a hilarious montage of our Fourth of July party , complete with the 1812 Overture as background music ... carefully timed with our fireworks , of course . Adding these effects , creating chapters , editing with transitions , adjusting sound ... all were very user-friendly .
 I did quite a bit of research before purchasing VMS Platinum and I was not disappointed ! I have an old Athlon 2200 + system that I built myself about six years ago . The system did not meet the requirements to run Premier Elements and was SLOW running the Pinnacle 10 trial version . Vegas loads quick , runs rock solid and as a novice I found it easy to use . I have made a DVD of a trip that my church 's youth group made as well as a birthday party for one of my friend 's son . They were thrilled with it . DVD architect studio is well integrated and also easy to use . I highly recommend Vegas Movie Studio !
 This software is great . It delivers everything it promises . I had never done video editing before . I had tried Adobe Premier elements before and it was very confusing . The best thing about Movie Studio is the training DVD and interactive tutorials . If you spend a good 20 minutes with it you are ready to get started and the rest you can learn as you go . If you get stuck you can access the tutorial while you are working on a prject . The program is very stable . I have done 2 movies already and it has never crashed.My only complaint is the extremely long time it takes to open up projects and render video when getting ready to burn a DVD . It took about 20 minutes to render my 1.5 hour movie . However , this is not exclusive to this software . Video rendering is very demanding on your system resources and so you just have to be patient . I have a camera that records in 5.1 audio -LRB- Sony SR-100 -RRB- and thanks to Vegas 7 I 'm able to keep my projects that way instead of downgrading to stereo . The video looks great on my HDTV . I strongly recommed this product over any other , especially Adobe 's premier elements - I have tried both .
 Works much better than the highly unstable Pinnacle Home movie editor . Love the options for the DVD maker , and the editor has the standard features and is easy to use .
 I 'm a beginner ... and found the software SUPER-EASY to use ! I was able to make a BASKETBALL HIGHLIGHTS DVD for my sons in less than a day !
 My knowledge level going in was that of being able to make my own mp3s from CDs and copying the DVDs I record from TV on my Sony GX300 recorder . Beyond that I know nothing about how to create a DVD of any kind . Even iDVD on the mac is too cryptic for me to mess with.This package is different . There are really two pieces of software in it and so far I 've only used one . The two packages are Sony Movie Studio and the accompanying DVD Architect software , which is all I 've needed so far.DVD Architect is designed to work with media that is already in the condition you want it to appear . I used the instructions in the manual last night to create a DVD with the audio from 8 different CDs . After locating album art images on the internet , I was able to use these both for buttons on the main menu and for backgrounds during song playback . The software automatically added the song title to be displayed with each song on the DVD , in any font size or style I had available on my PC . I could have controlled each title individually for location , font and size , but I chose to make them all the same to save time.Once I decided how I wanted to approach the project the rest was a breeze . I did have problems using the software to rip the audio tracks from the CDs , but I was able to use better software I already had on hand for that task.The software is very capable and has a lot of controls , so it is easy to get overwhelmed . However , a `` Show Me '' function can be activated at any time and the manual is quite clear on how to do the basics , so after a little experimentation I had learned enough to know how I wanted to approach the project , which was the single biggest obstacle . It would actually have been easier if I was working with videos and did n't need to worry about the backgrounds or titles of the songs.The end result is a professional looking DVD with a background image of the band on the menu and small album cover images for buttons to play any of the albums on disc . I was able to easily add a playlist button -LRB- band logo -RRB- at the bottom of the menu that would play all albums in order . The software allowed me to easily customize the button navigation -LRB- where a left cursor movement goes , for example -RRB- and test the result before burning to DVD.The primary part of the package , Sony Movie Studio , is a multi-track audio/video mixer and is designed to create the videos that can then be assembled into a professional package in DVD Architect . A video DVD comes with the package , which shows you the various parts of the interface and how to perform basic editing techniques . While I have n't delved into it yet , I am confident that I will be able to create anything from moving background images and text for audio playback to my own music video using video I can capture on camera or download from Public Domain sources.A couple of days ago I knew nothing about DVD creation , now I 'm working on a design plan for my own music video , while listening to my first audio compilation on the stereo . This software rocks!Some technical stuff I wondered about and now know : * It will accept every audio , video and image format that I can think of * It has full audio and video editing capabilities . You can build a movie from 30 frames per second of jpg images and can create a soundtrack of soundbites from a variety of sources . * The editor is non-destructive in that it never modifies a source file in any way , relying on its own index files to store your mods . * You can do full 5.1 surround audio , controlling every sound on each channel as you wish . * Audio can be encoded in PCM 2 channel , AC3 2 channel or AC3 5.1 channel . * It works fine on Windows 2000 Pro . Many new software packages will not function on anything other than XP . * Although I have no point of comparison , it is pretty fast . On my 2.6 gig P4 with 1 gig ram -LRB- and a lot of other things open -RRB- , it was able to `` render '' my audio DVD , including compressing one album in AC3 format to make it fit -LRB- the rest were PCM -RRB- , in about 25 minutes.Highly recommended for beginners and it looks like a pro could do just fine with all this can do . What was once a dark unknown is now my creative playground , thanks to Sony Movie Studio !
 Whew ... what a relief . A product that actually works out of the box . I have spent the last week -LRB- literally -RRB- trying to create a simple DVD of our church 's Christmas Play using Roxio 's Easy Media Creator 9 and could not get it to do anything but screw up my Windows Media Center Edition 2005 settings . -LRB- See my review on Roxio Easy Media Creator 9 -RRB- Sony 's Vegas Movie Studio + DVD 7 Platinum Edition was totally different . I got the product yesterday and two hours later after installing the program and doing all of my fancy edits ... Ta Dah ... A finished DVD just in time for my Christmas Party.This product was very easy to use and I simply love the Dual product manuals for DVD Architect Studio and Vegas Movie Studio + DVD programs . I wanted a program to edit my home videos from my Sony Digital Camcorder , capture onto my computer , edit out any unwanted material , add special effects , correct any audio problems such as hum and noise , and have the ability to burn it all onto DVD without having to take a college course to do so . Well this program did not disappoint me.The only reason I do not rate this at 5 stars is because at the time of this review it does not import drv-ms format , the format that Windows Media Center Edition captures from a TV Tuner . This is not that big a deal since there are FREE utilities to convert drv-ms format into mpeg2 , a format that this software does import.Thanks Sony ... I am so glad your product does everything that you said it would !! Whew , what a relief !
 I was looking for a product that supported Dolby 5.1 surround since my video camera records in this format . This package does this and more . It takes some time to get used to the interface and learn how to add effects , but so far it has not disappointed me and it produces great DVD 's .
 I 've done this stuff years ago on tape ... ahh the 1 '' days , and cutting audio tape with a razor . I got out of the business right about the time things were going digital , hence my present position in the learning curve.I 've read about the skimpy manual that comes in the box ; for quick starters and those familiar with NLE 's . There is a 400page + PDF manual that pretty much says it all . Look in the program file . That 's a lot of info , but between the quick start manual and the search function in pdf a lot of answers can be had . Go ahead and load something fun and just start pushing buttons ; you 're not going to break anything and you will find interesting things to learn.Also , realize Vegas was an audio editor first , then they added video which has pretty much taken over the program -LRB- at least so goes the rumor . There are still many audio tools in vegas and ways to edit just the audio track.Hint
 I have tried the trial versions of several different entry level video editing programs and decided to purchase the Sony Vegas Movie Studio . Vegas Movie Studio Platinum seems to have the best features and is a stable application . It allows 3 video tracks to be set up simultaneously as well as supporting Dolby 5.1 sound . I believe it gives you a little more control over some of the effects although you can set up transitions fairly fast if you want to . The one defect I have found is the rendering speeds -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- . It can take 2-3 times as long to render a video as it did to actually take the video footage . I am also using a trial version of Womble and it renders at roughly 4-6 times faster than Vegas Movie Studio . That is a big difference when you are rendering a 2 hour video . Other than that rendering issue , I think Vegas Movie Studio has more features than most of the other programs and seems to be more stable than a couple of the other video editing programs that I have tried .
 I bought this about a month ago , and have created a 3.5 minute slide show with my pictures . It took about a week and a half to create from start to finish - although I took a few days off . I 'm very pleased with what i could do with this software , I 'm recommending it to all my friends that are into photography . This is a very good way to document photos or videos and make it MUCH MUCH more livlier . I showed my slide show to my friends , and they have all been impressed , given that my technical abilities are still limited.My only frustration is how long it takes to learn the details . Panning and cropping took a while to get a hang of . I am now struggling with understanding file conversion . You basically have to have an understanding of media formats and how they effect your project . I saved a file to prepare it for DVD burning and wierd things happened in the finished product.I 'm not one to read the manual thoroughly , so i 'm gussing a good solution would be to have explanations right in the application while you work with it . The tutorial dVD help somewhat . I like that the instructions were to the point and simple , but it wasnt detailed enough.Overall , I love this software . it is practically my new hobby now as i 've spent nights and days fixated on this and working with my digital pictures . and i love my finished slideshow/movie , even if its just a test project . I know i 'll love it even more once i get over my learning curve !!
 I have a Sony DVD Camcorder . I tried Sony Vegas on a 30 day free trial . I was hooked . I am new to editing and I found the software very user friendly . The `` Show me '' features are particularly good . I live in the UK , where version 7 is not available . I ordered it from Amazon.com one Friday lunchtime , with the help of UPS I signed for it at 10.20 on the following Monday morning . That 's service ! Hollywood watch your back !
 I 've purchased Sony Vegas to edit audio / video podcast style shows . I found this tool to be stable , easy to use and fast . Having been a Pinnacle Studio 10.7 user , I 've quickly outgrown it . Vegas does n't crash as often -LRB- actually it crashed only a few times in months -RRB- . You can automate certain recurring effects by saving groups of settings under custom names , it handles the workflow of creating montages from different clips quite well and , very important to me , I could run Vegas , Outlook 2007 , IE and other applications on my Tecra M5 laptop without feeling a decrease of performance -LRB- try that with Premiere -RRB- . I 've purchased the Platinum edition and I wonder how much more I could get with the higher end package . I 'm very satisfied with it.As per the bundled DVD 7 software , it crashed from the first moment I installed it . I contacted Sony 's tech support who gave me some basic instructions to reinstall it , but have n't been yet successful in using it . So I ca n't comment on the software until I 'll be able to run it .
 After reading the high reviews of this product from so many others I have to admit I expected a great deal of this product . The bottom line is I was not disappointed ! The combination of a powerful editing environment , numerous professional-grade features , the excellent bundled DVD architect and ease of use makes this by far and away the best video editing package in this price range.Sony even includes an excellent tutorial DVD to get you started with introductions to some of the most essential and popular video editing features . Definitely worth the time it takes to watch.Sony Vegas Movie Studio is worlds above other products like Pinnacle Studio 10 out of the water in terms of features , performance and stability .
 Wow . this program does everything i need to do and so much more , i will probobly never need half the stuff it can do . That being said its not overly complicated , the interface is somewhat intuitive and i was able to find everything i needed easily enough for importing and editing some clips from a mini dvd cam and exporting to a dvd . i like it .
 Our daughter is 3 and plays these games over and over she is loving it ! Works great on our computer and never crashes . The games are shape recognition , matching and following directions and other simple fun things that keep them wanting to play more and more and the entire time she is learing !! Love it !!
 My 4 yr . old daughter loved this gift . She played with it almost everyday for a year -LRB- until we got the Kindergarten version -RRB- . As a teacher , I thought it was excellent for learning and practicing essential preschool skills .
 This is really , really good software . Even the youngest preschool computer users will be able to navigate through these games and have fun - and learn at the same time!High quality graphics , fun -LRB- and not annoying to adults -RRB- sounds , and lots of different activities to keep little ones interested and busy and having fun.I highly recommend this software . We have it installed on our PC and it runs very well .
 This is a great learning tool for Pre-school aged children . My daughter is 3 and we work with this about 3 times a week . She is also a child that does not watch television , so this is a welcome change in pace , and she is learning all the while . She loves the piglet painting game , and rabbits counting game . She also loves the spanish section . I think it 's great for all children around the 3 range .
 I have been developing web applications for the last 4 years in Perl , ASP , Java , and Coldfusion . This product is the best Rapid Application Development product ever created . It is great for beginning developers and robust enough for the most hardened programmer . Its ability to use ODBC as well as Native Drivers and Corba to access Datasources in a variety of formats and DBMS 's is perfect for development across different platforms in the Enterprise . Another Reviewer of this project bemoaned the lack of crystal reports from 4.5 to 4.0 , it never had CR packaged with it . It does provide a tag called cfreports that integrates with this product . Besides , any developer worth thier wares would write their own reporting structure . Coldfusion provides the scalablity to work with Multimedia components such as Flash as well . Not only that but if you want to expand on the CFML tag language you can write your own in Java . As far as e-commerce is concerned I have used ColdFusion with CyberCash and many other transaction merchants . This product is great and I would recommend it to any one interested in a way to develop your web applications and get an impressive presence on the web fast and with scalability for the future .
 I 've been using CF for a few years now and I am continually amazed at how much faster development is in Cold Fusion compared to many of the other options . We were able to roll out one product out in 45 days.Our shop used most of the features and the only real issues we 've had were usually fixed in relatively short order . The only really sticky point seems to be with the mail handling tags . They are n't as robust as they should be ... However , I know of some businesses where even the Secretaries are learning the basics of CF to do some of the more mundane tasks .
 I needed to learn excel 95 for a job that uses it . This is perfect , it has been very hard to find window 's excel so I decided to go to Amazon and foundt this software . So thankful
 This product has allowed me to make flawless recordings with which I have impressed my friends . I 'm an amateur singer and using Cubase now I even have my own CD like a pro
 I 've used many anti-virus applications , such as Norton , AVG , Avast , and BitDefender , and none are as efficient as McAfee . Norton , for example , brought down my computer to its knees . It hogs a lot of resources , many more than McAfee . AVG , Avast , and BitDefender are free anti virus programs and do about as well as you 'd expect for a free program -LRB- read
 I read several reviews about this product and was not sure if i want to buy this or not , however i decided to buy this product since i had good experience with Mcafee Personal Firewall and Virus Protection bundle 2004 . Further more i had also tried Norton , but it takes much too much space in my memory , even if i had P4 2.8 HT processor , it felt like old celeron processor with Norton working.I have been using this product since a week now , it is working great , installation was just easy , never gave me any trouble . It also works great with my Windows XP SP2 built in virus protection and Firewall.Good THINGS : :1 . It almost handles all the hacker attacks on your computer without any trouble -LRB- a must for DSL users -RRB- 2 . You can customise the security level and it will only ask you for suspicious activities to be permitted or not .3 . works great , no conflict with any other software or even with my Windows XP security system .4 . Automatic updates , -LRB- you will not even know it is happening !! -RRB- Bad THINGS :1 . Most of the time you will not have choise to temporarily allow the script just once . -LRB- It does it every now and then -RRB- 2 . Updates takes a long long time since it updates every module differently , -LRB- i.e. it will update virusscan , then spam killer etc -RRB- . For dialup users it might be a little problem.OverallITS GOOD for the MONEY !! works great -LRB- no complain there -RRB-
 While installing any anti-virus/security software can be a nightmare , especially on older PCs with a bit of history -LRB- prevous antivirus products -RRB- , I 've installed this on a couple of brand new XP machines without any trouble , and it 's worked well from there . Antivirus is solid , updates itself regularly , and is trustworthy -LRB- I bought this suite for my mom -RRB- . The firewall is easy to work with , especially after having a technically inclined person use it for a day to get through all of the pop-ups that come when an application tries to get to the net for the first time . The anti-spam works well , not perfect , but well enough . The privacy function largely has been disabled and ignored , but that was easy for me to do . All-in-all , it 's a great deal -LRB- especially for top notch anti-virus and anti-spam -RRB- . I 'd suggest having an experienced user handy to help set it up , and I 'd be prepared for issues installing this or any security software on an old box , especially Windows 98 , Me , etc. . . They really are n't what this was designed for .
 I build a lot of computers . I used to install Norton AntiVirus 2003 on all of them . On a recent build , Norton Internet Security 2005 came on the motherboard disk so I thought I 'd give it a try . First I tried loading it before other programs and it thru the annoying repair-not-supported error making you uninstall then reinstall it . So , I uninstalled it and waited until the rest of the software was installed . When I tried again , it brought the computer to it 's knees ! When I tried to uninstall it , it just locked up forcing me to rebuild everything from scratch loosing 2 days of work !!! Enter McAfee ... The install ran perfect , the updates ran perfect , and the software performs perfect . I ca n't comment on the spam program because I uninstalled it since my server already catches 99 % of all spam . Until Norton learns to play nice with Windows XP SP2 , I 'd strongly recommend that you use McAfee !!! Oh and one other thing , any security program will use resources . If your computer slows down that much , you need a new computer ! The computer I installed it on boots in 20 seconds ! Also , some knowledge as to security programs in general is requred regardless of what you install . Thinking you can install a security program and not take the time to set it up is pure foolishness . Please do n't blame McAfee !
 I really was n't all that thrilled with 6.0 but my virus updates had just expired and I either needed to pay for another years worth or purchase new software . With the rebates being offered this program was going to be free anyway so I took a chance with 7.0 . It looks the same but it works much better than the previous version . My main problem before was that all my Mcafee updates had to be done with Internet Explorer -LRB- I prefer Netscape -RRB- . And to conduct a Windows update I had to disable the firewall . With the upgrade those problems have disappeared . Also setting my preferences and options seem to be easier.There is the occasional annoyance of the `` spamkiller has been updated-click here '' popup . But nothing is perfect.If you do upgrade I strongly suggest uninstalling 6.0 first.I do n't know that the privacy service or spamkiller really do anything . Most of us would probably be ok with an antivirus/firewall combo instead.Bottom line
 I recently bought a Sony vaio k23 and while using it on Internet there has always been a headache of these POPUPS and automatic update intrusions . Besides windows constant self update from Microsoft website other hawkers , third rated advertisers deploy small exe at your laptop with the help of IE . These exe are harmful as well as annoying . Moreover there are deadly viruses ; worms and Trojan that constantly affect ur laptop and one badly need an anti-virus . Its like fencing your garden and spraying insecticide.I replaced Norton that came default with my vaio with this McAfee suit and it was relatively fast , uses less resource and is quite up-to-date in handing all the above said headaches . It lets you know the intrusion from outside and alien exes contacting their counterparts in the cyber space from your laptop . It blocks the popup 110 % by simply turning on the McAfee popup blocker and the sound . Man u will often hear the catching sound and feel this thing work . Guys here mistake popup against other windows . Popup are from third party website other than the one you are visiting which throw up annoying advt . with the help of the culprit IE . Where as there are other windows which will be launched by the website you were visiting . This anti-virus suit CA N'T block these windows but there is a workaround to block even these by adding the ip address of these often appearing windows in the McAfee personalfirewall plus - &#62; utilities - &#62; banned ip utility . To find the ip address of these website one can use McAfee personalfirewall plus - &#62; track an attack functionality . Also one has 100 % privacy in personal browsing with the help of privacy service . Like this there are lot many features in this suit . One need to clearly understand the documentation given by McAfee . Being a Software engr im finding this very useful and easy . Others may find it bit techie . Visit www.wordiq.com to improve your knowledge in technology . Happy hassle free browsing folks .
 I have used McAfee for 3 years . I had problems with the 2004 version of the McAfee Internet Suite & expected problems with the 2005 . I had a hard time getting the 2004 version to install right . It also would n't let me compose & send emails from one of my email addresses . I 'm very happy to say that when I installed this virus protection to my computer , everything works great . It was easy to install & I have n't had the first problem with it . I do not regret buying this program at all & will stick to having McAfee as my virus protector .
 McAfee Internet Security 2005 7.0 is a great solution for everyone using the Internet on an `` active basis '' . My experience with the software has been great so far ... From what I understand , not many people like McAfee because it loads alot of `` processes '' in the computer . My parents and I are thinking of switching to ZoneAlarm Security Suite but think that McAfee does pretty good for what it was made to do . It protects email spam , it has a firewall , it has an antivirus , and Parental Controls ... really all the neccessary items to have on a family computer . Fortunatly , at my home , we all have our own computer but my parents have told me not to visit inappropriate websites and I do n't even want to . Therefore - I do not have much knoweldge if the Parental Controls work well , but I am sure they do as all the other services do . I would reccommend this product to anyone looking for a standard security solution , especially if you have a family PC . Highly reccommended !! - but I would try to get a different antivirus . . for example you can do a Google search for either Kaspersky Antivirus or NOD32 Antivirus . Those 2 are very good , just check out virusbtn dot com and type in those names . You 'll see , and Good Luck on your purchase -LRB- if you purchase -RRB- on McAfee Internet Security 2005 7.0 !
 I find this software effective , much easier to use and more user friendly than others of its kind .
 I bought this product to make a welcome home poster for my sister returning from Iraq . The kit is very easy to use and it saved me money from having to pay someone else to do what I could do from my own computer . Also buying from this seller was cheaper than getting it from AAFES -LRB- Army AirForce Exchange Store = military department store -RRB- .
 I used this product to replace Norton and I have loved it ever since . The Trend Micro pc-Chillin Internet Security 2007 does not consume much of your computer 's resources like other Internet Security suites . It runs good updates and offers a good , comprehensive security package for home and small business users . In addition , the price is great since you can install it on up to 3 computers , which includes a one-year update subscription . The only thing that could be improved is the description of this product . I had to contact the manufactuer to be sure that the 1 year subscription was applicable to the 3 users of the product . Also , there are a lot of annoying messages that pop up -LRB- which are good since you know the product is working in a variety of ways -RRB- . However , it would be nice if the product had a simple configuration to alert the users of actual threats they need to pay attention to .
 I have been using this product for years . I bought this copy for a friend.I spend a a very large amount of time on the net and I download a lot of obscure stuff when I test various programs . During the 3 years I 've been using this product I have not had a virus . I have tested the firewall and it works fine . Since I 'm on all day I sometimes get 4 ti 8 updates a day , They send them out as they complete them . If you get on the net in the evening you will get a larger update that includes all the updates for that day.I am a software developer -LRB- for 40 years -RRB- , but anyone can install this product and it will work.Highly recommended .
 I saw it top rated by Consumers Union , the price seemed reasonable , and it was very easy to install and run . In short eveything it was said to be .
 The Micro-Trend PC-cillin is very easy to install and user friendly . I really like that I can install it on all our computers ... my husband 's , mine and our lap-top .
 The problem with most of the other internet security software out there is that they expect you to know something about viruses and spyware and how you want to fix your computer if the program found one . If I knew how to fix it , why would I need a software to help me do it then !?!? This programs finds the problem , and fixes it for you . It 's really that simple . I 'm not exactly a tech savvy person and I was still able to use this product . All the buttons were large and clearly labeled so navigation was easy . Also , every action had detailed yet easy-to-understand explanations so you know what you 're actually doing to your computer.At first I was a bit hesitant on buying this product because I 'd read some reviews about how it slows your computer down but that did n't happen to me at all . The program installs quickly and easily and once it 's installed , it just sits there quietly in the background while it does updates and scans . You only get small pop-ups once in a while to notify you if something serious has happened or if it found a serious potential threat . And if that 's too much , you can easily turn down the frequency of the pop-up notifications . I 'm really satisfied with this product and I ca n't wait for their 2008 version !!!
 First time using a Trend Micro product . So far :1 -RRB- does n't bog down the CPU like Symantec seems to2 -RRB- User interface is reasonably intuitive and responsive3 -RRB- Firewall application seems to work well but like all products assumes a typical home user knows lot more about ports and problems than they probably do .4 -RRB- Seems to play much better with Windows ActiveSync software5 -RRB- Love/hate relationship with the feature to turn off internet communicaitons . First time took awhile to trace down my connection problem . Seems to automatically disconnect during idle times -LRB- or perhaps when hit with scans -RRB- and then internet access fails . In some cases forces you to relicense IP address to get communications back up . Headache with broadband modem that allows one-button disconnect from service.All in all seems to work well , like the three machine licensing , and price is decent .
 Having my fill of both Norton and McAffee having conflicts with other software I use , I ordered up pc-Cillin . I have another version of this software on my laptop . I am extremely happy with both . This new version is great for controlling my wireless network . I have the ability to block any computer which has logged onto my wireless , even though they have the proper WEP key . In over a year with the other product , I have not had any conflicts with other software I use -LRB- unlike Norton which created havoc -RRB- . I highly recommend this product .
 I have used Norton products for years , but NIS 2007 refused to stay activated and updated on my computer so I had to switch . AVG was okay , but Consumer Reports gave this one a good rating , I trialed it for a couple of days , bought it and it 's been working very well for a week now . No slowdowns . I recommend it .
 I had WindowsXP Pro with 1.2 Gig of ram . Installed Norton and immediately I started having memory issues . When IE7 started taking up about 200M of Ram , IE would not open new windows . In fact the OS stopped opening new windows in * any * application . I then upgraded my memory to 2G ... Nothing Changed !! The only solution was to kill IE and free up its memory which became a major pain since I did not want to reopen those URLs . And Norton 's APPSVC32.exe sometimes just takes up 100 % of my CPU for no reason . I was at my wits end.Then I found PC-Cillin ... Hearing that PC-Cillin takes up less `` overhead '' I hesitantly decided to give it a try . -LRB- Hesitantly ... after reading the negative reviews of the 2007 edition and making sure to Un-install Norton first -RRB- . But Walla !! Right after I installed , could see IMMEDIATE improvements ... now I can open unlimited IE7 windows , and the OS just seems to be running much faster . I 've used it for 2 months ... no problems so far ! As a nice upside , the interface also seems more intuitive than Norton 's . Thank you Trend Micro !!!!
 I 've had so many issue with Norton , on multiple machines , but PcCillin has been working great so far ...
 This product is easy to use , easy to update , and is , in fact , practically idiot-proof due to all the automatic update and scan options . You can set this up and practically forget about it . I use it both at home and at the small law firm where I work , and I could n't be happier . McAfee and Norton -LRB- in their latest incarnations -RRB- have nothing on Trend Micro .
 This product rocks ! PC - Trend Micro pc-Cillin Internet Security removed my previous anti-virus and anti-spyware products and it checked for viruses and spyware before installing . There are no conflicts with my PC . It has all the features to keep your PC safe . This product is the best I have ever used . I have used many .
 I 've used PC-cillin in years past . I 've tried them all pretty well and most work well if properly configured . Does anyone besides me let their subscription run out to extend the next upgrade ? Anyway , with three systems in the house , well , it 's not cheap.Some of my son 's friends did him a favor and downloaded an off brand virus software , which disabled his working 2005 PC-cillin . Needless to say , they did n't get it operational . His system was overrun with viruses . Popups had popups . And several times , I just had to reach over and jerk the cord out of the wall . -LRB- not really , but I could not get it to shut down -RRB- Anyway , Not to bash Microsoft Live One care , I did a trial version and the problems persisted . I dumped that , and downloaded a trial version of PC-cillin 2007 . It found stuff by the truckload , but I had such a messed up computer it took hours to regain control of the system . I am so happy we did n't lose all my son 's pictures , hours of IPOD music , software , including Windows XP . -LRB- PS , never buy a computer without original disks , Dell did me that way only once . How stupid of me to accept that one . -RRB- Anyway , five stars for the Penicillin of Softwares , we knocked out the trojans and adwares , and spywares , and malwares , and any viruses that were on there . Halleleujah ! I 'm a believer in this software . Excuse me , I got ta go get the three pack , the trial clock is ticking . Thanks for listening ... . Bruce
 I started using pc-Cillin 4 years ago after experiencing endless problems by the using NORTON ANTI-VIRUS software.With each yearly release of pc-Cillin comes a distinct performance improvement . But the improvement from the 2006 version to 2007 was most IMPRESSIVE . TREND MICRO designed pc-Cillin so that you only have to set your PREFERENCES once . After that it will automatically maintain your system . mostly , I use the default settings . This is as close to ARTIFICAL INTELLIGENCE as I have seen !
 A + + With three -LRB- 3 -RRB- licenses for the same price as one , this is a great deal . I have used Trend Micro for years and am a lifetime customer .
 As hotmail did it , the PC-Cilling Internet Security from TrendMicro Co is a very good software to clean out virus , spywares and malicious files that come from websites at any moment . So , TrendMicro like a program specialized in the treatment of these symptoms it works under unique global server in the world which contains the plus outpost technology of pick up as far as the threats , in a matter of second .
 The first time I installed PCCIS 2007 was in November 2006 , when I upgraded from the 2006 version . After that , about once a day when IE7 was running , my keyboard , mouse , and hard disk drive would all freeze . Control of the computer could only be regained by pressing the reset button , losing all unsaved data in all applications . After weeks of investigating causes , disabling browser extensions , and readjusting settings , I finally uninstalled PCIS 2007 , reinstalled 2006 from CD , and that completely resolved the problems .5 months later , with my 2006 license expiring , I gave the 2007 version -LRB- Version 15.3 , April 2007 -RRB- another try to test it before buying . It installed flawlessly on top of 2006 -LRB- no manual uninstall required -RRB- , and the latest 2007 version now runs as well as 2006 did.If you buy the boxed CD , you need n't worry about which build is on the CD . The first thing it will do after installation is download the latest build from Trend -LRB- about 20 + MB -RRB- and install that . When you first install the program , after the required reboot , you will be prompted by the firewall that `` Generic Host Process for Win32 Services '' is trying to access the internet . You must ALLOW this , even if you have n't dialed the internet yet . If you disallow it , you lose all internet connectivity on your computer . It 's easily fixed by adjusting the firewall settings , but if you 're new to the program , you do n't know how to do that yet , and could be in for a confusing time.The program is highly configurable . The user interface is efficient to navigate through , and can be password protected . The firewall blocks both inbound and outbound traffic . The GRC ShieldsUP ! port test reports it to be `` full stealth '' . When a program tries to access the internet -LRB- outgoing -RRB- , a firewall popup asks if you want to allow it and then modifies the firewall settings based on your answer . Therefore , it is not necessary to figure out the necessary firewall settings before you use a new program.I am pleased and relieved to discover that the 2007 version now works as well on my computer as the 2006 version did.Before testing the 2007 version , I emailed Trend about the problems I 'd had earlier . I received within 24 hours a reply from a real person who had helpful advice that offered an avenue to a possible solution if the test did n't go well.The system on which the 2007 version is now running well is a 2004 Gateway 710X with 3.2 GHz P4/HT , 1 GB RAM , 160 GB SATA HD , Windows XP Home SP2 fully patched , and IE7 .
 This is a good , easy to use and configure security suite . I previously -LRB- 2006 -RRB- ran symantec -LRB- norton -RRB- , McAfee , CA , AVG and BitDefender on my systems at home . Last year I switched all systems over to Trend Micro as other subscriptions ran out or I got too frustrated with them -LRB- Symantec was so easily corrupted I spent an inordinate amount of time re-installing and reactivating that I finally switched out with 6 months coverage left -RRB- . I like the content management and logging especially on the kids PCs . The 2007 package is a little neater , but can be more confusing with it 's file locking extensions for a standard user.Although Trend Micro did a good job of detecting malware , it could not always remove it . The best product I found for that was Prevx1 which works harmoniously with Trend Micro . It saved me from a few of those HiJack this Register moments . It is also the only product I 've seen that correctly integrates with Windows -LRB- XP and Vista -RRB- built in security.I bought the 3 PC license which worked for me because all three PCs were subscribed at the same time . On the 3-pack , all licenses expire one year after the FIRST install .
 CONSUMER REPORTS -LRB- SEPTEMBER/2007 -RRB- LOVES PC-CILLIN INTERNET SECURITY SUITE 2007 . THAT 'S MY REASON FOR THE 5 STARS . BUT , THEY ONLY RECOMMEND SUITES FOR PC 'S WITH 1 GIG MEMORY OR BETTER .
 I just purchased a new computer and it came with 3mos . of Norton . Havingpurchased Trend Micro previously I realized that this was the only security system that I wanted and was very glad I did .
 For the 2006 year , I protected all of my computers with Symantec Norton Internet Security 2006 . However , as the end of my subscription with Symantec came to an end , I noticed a favorite magazine of mine , Consumer Reports , had recently done a rating on security suites -LRB- which include anti-virus , anti-spyware , and firewall all in one convenient package -RRB- . My eyes quickly went to the top of the ratings list , and at the top of the list was this product
 This was rated the best internet security software suite by Consumer Reports , and my subscription for Norton was up -LRB- Norton was not even on the Consumer Reports ratings list -RRB- so I figured I would give it a shot . Right away it found 10 + items , and removed them . In the three years I had Norton , it never once found any suspicious items on my computer . So , I am impressed with PC cillin so far .
 Works just great on my VISTA operating system , but it has significantly slowed up my laptop with XP .
 I have no financial incentive to defend PC-Cillin , but this program has been bashed so extensively that I feel compelled to offer a counterpoint view of someone with positive experience.When at the end of 2006 Trend Micro introduced PC-Cillin Internet Security 2007 , I was planning to upgrade -LRB- PC-Cillin 2006 worked very well for me -RRB- . However , the new 2007 version drew heavy criticism from numerous users , who reported the software to be buggy and unstable . It appeared that Trend Micro had rushed an unfinished product to the market.So I decided to wait . In the interim , I tried out Microsoft Live OneCare -LRB- see my review on that -RRB- . While it was easy on computer resources and had a pleasing interface , the program lacked many features that I was used to being a former PC-Cillin user , and it was overall too unrefined in its performance to justify the $ 50 price tag.Now I am back to PC-Cillin , whose updated version was released in February 2007 . Feeling cautious , I first downloaded and tried out the 30-day evaluation version from Trend Micro Web Site , before finally purchasing the full package . I am pleased to report that whatever instability issues the software suffered from in its initial release seem to have been fixed . It is better than its predecessor -LRB- Internet Security 2006 -RRB- , with extensive customization features and phishing protection.Beware , the program does eat your RAM -LRB- utilizing a whopping 125 Mb of memory , according to the Task Manager -RRB- . A system with inadequate memory will get constipated by PC-Cillin . My computer is 1.8 GHz Pentium 4 . It had 256 Mb of RAM when I installed PC-Cillin , and even though it got more sluggish , it was still by no means crawling along , -- just slower . I went ahead and upgraded to 512 Mb RAM , and since then have experienced no slowdown issues whatsoever . Trend Micro specifies a minimum requirement of 128 Mb for your computer RAM . This number is frankly unrealistic , as the program will eat every last kilobyte of your memory , leaving the rest of your computer to exist off the virtual memory on the hard drive . So , in my experience , 256 Mb RAM has been adequate , but 512 Mb is the amount you really need -LRB- on Windows XP -RRB- to efficiently run PC-Cillin in the background.The interface has become more colorful and appealing . Menus and root submenus may take some time getting used to , but to me this was not an issue , as I previously used PC-Cillin 2006 and was familiar with the layout.The widely reported incompatibility issues between Lavasoft Adaware and PC-Cillin 2007 must have been resolved in this version , as both programs run fine alongside each other on my computer without interference . As far as Windows stability goes , I use Windows XP Pro , and it has incorporated PC-Cillin well . No offense to other operating systems , but I wonder whether many of the users who have had or still having problems with PC-Cillin are using a less stout OS -LRB- like Windows Media -RRB- . I am not going to repeat the information listed in the overview provided by the vendor . Suffice it to say that the advertized features seem to work well . Spyware detection has been beefed up to the point that Lavasoft scans report clean system in the wake of PC-Cillin scans -LRB- last year Lavasoft would routinely find little tidbits overlooked by PC-Cillin -RRB- . I do n't particularly care for Trend Secure Online Services included in this subscription , but I suppose someone else might find them useful . This is also the first year that PC-Cillin offers protection against root kits -LRB- although I have no idea how effective or extensive this protection may be -RRB- . Can not attest to the technical support , as I have had no reason to contact them . The program works and works well for me . This is a welcome change from Norton and Windows Live OneCare.I like the fact that PC-Cillin regularly scans the system for Windows and Microsoft Office vulnerabilities and , if needed , provides references to Microsoft sites from which I can download patches . It also keeps extensive logs of everything that has transpired with the computer and Internet connection , which occasionally , I suppose , may come useful , although I have not had any need for it.Overall , I have been pleased with PC-Cillin Internet Security 2007 . If price were a bit lower -LRB- not everyone needs a 3-user license -RRB- and if it did n't slow the system down at all , I would have given it 5 stars . Even then , it is a solid and very customizable security suite . I recommend it , and I do n't even get anything from Trend Micro for saying so.Hope this review helps .
 Ok , right off the bat here , I have had virtually no problems whatsoever with the 2007 PC-Cillin program and have been running it for almost two months now -LRB- our 2006 version expired end of July -RRB- . I have a Dell XPS running Windows XP Media Center with 2 gigs of ram.The only issue I had in loading the program was with my Ad-Aware SE program . PC-Cillin advised me it had to uninstall it before proceeding . No problem for me since I simply reinstalled it later . I also have Spybot Search & Destroy and there was no problem with that one.Once installed , it brings you up to date with the latest updates , a process that only takes a couple of minutes or so.Once installed , I have had no problems with RAM or anything else other than when ` Cillin is performing a scan , the systems slows down just a little . But like before , you can specify when you want scanning done so that it wo n't interfere with you when you are most active.The frequency of updating daily seems about the same as the 2006 version , like three , maybe four times a day.What really impresses me with this version is , it is VERY pro-active in identifying potential spyware problems unlike 2006 . For example , if you are about to visit a `` suspect '' site , PC-Cillin advises you via red-banner warning screens of the specific spyware located there and warns you to go no further . Sorta scares hell out of you when you see them flash onto the lower right portion of your monitor ! You can make your own determination if those are nefarious or not and either proceed or back out . These screens are actually small windows that you can close by clicking on the `` X '' . On one occasion the program identified two pieces of spyware which had gotten into my system , specified their names and locations and asked what I wanted to do with them . This is a feature also not available in the 2006 version.In terms of catching viruses , this program seems to be every bit as proactive as before , particularly with Trojans and Bytever versions , by catching them and quarantining them immediately.But if this program has a weakness it is still with spyware . One program still does n't do everything . That 's why I have Spybot Search and Destroy and Ad-Aware Se . Spybot is by far the best of the two and will identify specifically up to forty or pieces of spyware . I use Ad-Aware as secondary . These , of course , are free and there are other , better fee-based programs out there as well.Ok , who knows how effective any program really is since you ca n't see everything going on in your system . But what I can tell you is my computer performs flawlessly with no glitches or hangups whether I am on the net , or playing one of the new high capacity computer games . I do n't use Windows Explorer for the net but Firefox instead and always ensure that my firewalls are turned on and auto-updates are working.My wife and I both use this program and are quite pleased . The wife uses it for her lap top . Never before have I felt this confident about exploring the net without fear of my computer being trashed by some scumbag 's virus . And with an in-store rebate , we 're getting this program basically for free !
 I 've used pc-Cillin for several years with good results . The email service that I use is `` protected '' by Norton Antivirus . Every now and then , pc-Cillincatches something that the Norton product missed . I 'd say that 's pretty good . Also , pc-Cillin does n't appear to slow the machine to any noticeable degree . The couple of times that I 've needed support , they were very helpful . I suggest that you always go for the disc rather than the download version . It 's much handier when reloading a pc from scratch .
 After years of agony running Norton/Symantec products on my PC -LRB- long boot times , failed shutdowns , etc. -RRB- , I decided to switch to Trend Micro 's product based on Consumer Reports ' August 2007 evaluation of all available internet security products . -LRB- CR rated Trend Micro 's suite # 1 and Norton 's suite # 9 . -RRB- The un-install of Norton Internet Security went suprisingly well , a real plus since I decided to keep my Norton System Works product running . -LRB- If the un-install of Norton Internet Security had failed , I was prepared to run a removal tool that Symantec offers that supposedly removes all traces of EVERY Symantec product but that would have also removed my Norton System Works product and I would have been forced to re-install it . -RRB- The install and registration of Trend Micro Internet Security also went well as did the requisite updates , a sad fact of life when you opt to purchase software like this on a CD rather than downloading from the software provider 's site . -LRB- Call me crazy , but I prefer to have any new software that I 'm interested in on a CD rather than going the download route , even though I have a high-speed internet connection . -RRB- The default options that Trend Micro implements seem perfectly fine to me -LRB- personal firewall ON , medium security , spyware protection ON , Virus Protection ON , Suspicious Software Alarm System ON , etc. -RRB- and I 've noticed no slowdown in my PC 's performance -LRB- not surprising since I have a dual-processor Dell with 1 Gb of memory that 's only 3 months old -RRB- . It was also relatively easy to re-schedule a number of routine tasks that Trend Micro runs to insure that my PC stays up-to-date and protected . -LRB- Many of the default dates/times to perform these tasks would have taken place when my PC would n't be turned on ... unlike most people , when I 'm not using my PC I shut everything down ! -RRB- All in all , I would n't hesitate to recommend this product if you 're running Windows XP -LRB- service pack 2 -RRB- and you have a powerful-enough PC . -LRB- If you 're currently using Norton 's Internet Security suite , you should be able to switch to Micro Trend with no degradation in performance . -RRB- I 've been subscribing to Consumer Reports for years and am confident in their evaluation processes ... if they say this product is # 1 then that 's good enough for me . If it installs with no problems and is easy to use , as this product is , so much the better !
 I have had the 2007 version since it first became available for download . The previous review of this product is the first I 've heard of problems . I 've never had a problem with the software , and I 've been a Pc-Cillin user for 3 years . The program just runs along in the background , the only thing I see is the update notification . Unlike some others that I have experience with , Pc-Cillin updates pretty much daily , which makes sense to me since new threats come up daily , not weekly . Also , it is has stopped downloads with viruses before they were even finished donwloading , which impresses me at least . I have n't noticed any slowing on my system , and I 'm running a 4 year old desktop . Also , you ca n't beat the price , especially for a 3 user . I highly recommend this product .
 I have used the Trend products in the past , but my biggest complaint was the constant pop-ups for tracking cookies . Trend has seemed to have improved this for the new year . I have been very satisfied , and ours is a tricky computer to use a virus scan on since we are rural and have an extremely s-l-o-w dial up connection . It did slow the computer down a little , but it 's a small price to pay for such a user-friendly and efficient software . Hope this helps someone make a decision about their next purchase .
 Good protection , does what it needed to do and not a memory hog , seems to always update , but thats a good thing , always up to date .
 I purchased this particular package because it allows me to monitor my WIFI . That , as it turns out , is a bit cumbersome , since the monitoring window pops up frequently . However , installation was a breeze , not only for me , but both of my kids who did it on their own . Both times I received an email to let me know they had successfully installed the software . Ultimately , I think this is an excellent deal .
 This is a great product to remove all you do n't want on your computer . Tons of waste stuff in my C disk were removed by this software , which I do n't even know those waste stuff exist .
 This is an older title and may not run on all systems . But , it is really entertaining for my 3 yr old . Definitely meets the criteria of `` learning '' + `` game '' .
 You get seven games
 I liked the board games on the disk . They were fun to play . I recommend this game to anyone aged teen to adult .
 My 5 year old daughter saw this gane at our Credit Union . She loves playing it but whenever we had to leave , it was more of a hassle . I decided to buy this game for her and now when we go to the credit union , she still plays it but she will leave when she is told . It is a great learning game for her age .
 I bought this product to make a welcome home banner for my sister returning from Iraq . The kit is very easy to use and it saved me money from having to pay someone else to do what I could do from my own computer . Also buying from this seller was cheaper than getting it from AAFES -LRB- Army AirForce Exchange Store = military department store -RRB- .
 Product worked exactly as described . You have to buy a midi interface when trying to use a keyboard with your pc , but that is expected and not too expensive . Definitely recommend .
 Its obviously not as powerful as the full version , but you can get alot accomplished with it .
 I have since subscribed to the 2006 edition , and plan on purchasing the 2007 . Please be aware that though dvd releases and film festivals are updated , there are no new reviews during the calendar year . I recommend MetaCritic or RottenTomatoes for staying current.I sometimes disagree with his opinions , and wish that the capsule summaries were longer , but I think this is a great tool . The searchability is a little clunky , but a useful tool -LRB- `` I 'm pretty sure it was a French comedy , maybe late 80 's ... '' -RRB-
 iLife '04 has replaced this product . Do not order iLife 1.1 , order iLife ' 04 .
 Truly , what this makes easy is amazing . Photo albums and do-it-yourself coffee table books , movies , DVDs , music and more.If you have any older i - ___ apps , upgrade now to iLife . It fixes bugs and problems that formerly required work arounds ... like now you can adjust the volume in movie tracks ... it 's elegant and so useful.But the big advance in iLife is that it the formerly disparate media types now all work together . Laying music tracks into my home movies is a snap . The Ken Burns effect puts photos into movies with style and beauty . Then it all flows into iDVD.We have friends who hire a computer maven to manage and edit their photos and camcorder video . I just gave them a photo book I made in iPhoto of the wife 's 50th birthday party . It earned her thanks and praise . And her computer guru had never seen something so nice . It was easy and fun.OK , it has some bugs and hangs occassionally ... but crashes have never lost any of my data . Just force quit and restart the app and you 're rolling again.But it makes it easy and fun for us non-techies to make beautiful results .
 Mosby 's medical encylopedia that i purchased through amazon.com is essential tool in my wife 's training to be medical assistant.Amazon had it at the best price it also was deliverd at the quickest speed.I will be using them often .
 Until very recently I used the Norton products for my pc 's protection -LRB- since 1998 -RRB- . After the installation issues I had with the 2005 version -LRB- I have WinXP -RRB- , I tried out McAfee . I was surprised to find out that : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The package is very easy and quick to install -LRB- 2 -RRB- It 's very stable , does not cause any conflicts -LRB- 3 -RRB- The options are very simple for the novice user to understand and if an experienced user wishes to delve deeper into its customizations , its as easy as 1 , 2 ,3 ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- I tested the product on www.grc.com and on symantec 's site , and it came up with the BEST RESULTS!So , if you wish to have a CHEAP , NOT system resources hungry , stable , safe and secure package , look no further , try this one out . I am completely satisfied !
 I bought this software as I was getting more and more worried about the threat of viruses infecting my home PC . My workplace has always used McAfee and I had always found it very easy to use and we have had no problems with viruses so far . So I invested in McAfee at home . After a few niggles installing the Virus Scan and the Firewall Plus I must say I am very pleased . The software runs quietly on my PC , only alerting me if anything suspicious happens and the Firewall blocks tens of events entering my PC everyday . The Security Center has a full analysis of what exactly has been blocked from your PC so you can investigate further if you wish . If you value your PC , like me , you really do need to protect it and this software is a good place to start .
 Internet Security 6 , which has virus scan and firewall along with other programs , works very well . I am sure the new version is also just as well.I have heard people knock McAfee . I have never had problems with their software . There have been many incidents in which people have accidentally sent me infected e-mails that were checked and not caught by Norton -LRB- Symanctec -RRB- . I have used Norton and found that it had an easy interface to use . BUT , that is part of the problem . Not much to configure and it leaves out a lot of areas or problems that you can not scan for . Also when I was finally able to get McAfee back on this computer , I found several spyware , adtracking , and trojan software that the Norton was supposed to detect and clean.Also , McAfee is used by most e-mail servers including Postini .
 Works fine for me and I am not very computer literate . Much better than my Norton , which I could n't get to work right and had to uninstall . -LSB- ... -RSB- I was plunged into a Kafkaesque nightmare of paperwork after sending in what I thought was exactly what they wanted , and am about to give up and kiss the thrity bucks goodbye .
 This is a great bundle to protect your computer . It has a user-friendly interface and is easy to install/use . The auto update feature is also very valuable to people like myself , who are usually too busy go to a website to update their software .
 I purchased this for my first pregnancy and it was so awesome ! I loved being informed everyday on new things and how the baby actually looked at that time in my belly !!! I would use it again for the 2nd ! 5 stars !
 ExpectantSee is the perfect gift for any expectant mother and family . It allows the viewers to literally `` see '' the growth and develpment of their baby in utero from conception to birth on a day-by-day basis and provides important information about this miraculous process . Whereas many popular pregnancy books have provided this type of information in print , it has never before been available in the form of a dynamic screensaver , personalized in conjunction with the baby 's approaching due date .
 I wish ExpectantSee had been available when I was pregnant with my first child . What a great way to `` see '' what is happening from day to day -- not only for expectant mothers , but for expectant fathers and siblings as well !
 This screen saver is really great . It 's similiar to those pregnancy calendars that you see on-line , but without all the hassle and advertisements . ExpectantSee really made my pregnancy more enjoyable because I could just SEE my baby ... as if she were really on the screen . It provides helpful information , too , so I 've given it as a gift to all of my expecting friends . We all love it !
 I 've used this and the Z3ta +2 and they are both amazing sounding synths.They come with awesome presets , so anyone not well versed in synth can still use this extremely easily . It also allows for an amazing amount of flexibility with sound creation.The UI is very yser friendly , -LRB- and the Z3ta +2 's is slightly on the better side ! -RRB- and its easy to learn how to do everything at a glance .
 I used this synth when it first came out and got away from it for a while . Back when it first came out it was one of my main go-to vst 's . I got the Native Insturments Komplete , and there was so much awesome stuff that I forgot about Z3ta + . Then one day I got turned on to a couple newer CakeWalk synths , Rapture & Demension , which I bought and loved . While on the website I saw Z3ta + and had a flash back . I bought it again -LRB- my old version was on a hard drive lord only knows where -RRB- and was completely amazed how fresh this synth still sounds and the power of the sounds and molding capabilities . Without a doubt its worth every penny and once again , it is one of my favorites .
 Without a doubt , z3ta + is the best software synth around . For those looking for a sweet analog sound but do not have the money to buy a Waldorf or an Andromeda , z3ta + is your best choice by far . The amount of parameters on the device is staggering to say the least . You can practically control everything with its own LFO or envelope -LRB- You can control LFOs with more LFOs -RRB- . There is an ungodly amount of oscillators as well , making this the most sonically capable synthesizer available for under $ 2k . And the best thing , z3ta + sounds amazing ! The only thing that detracts from it is its rather steep learning curve . If you are a sound crafter , expect a couple of days of toying before you are comfortable with it . For me , it was just as hard to grasp as FM synths . -LRB- Which some found easy actually -RRB-
 Very easy to download . Installment was clear , but I had to free my hard drive -LRB- at least 8.1 GB -RRB- before install . Easy to handle . Now I am glad that I upgraded to Home Premium .
 I have currently used McAfee VirusScan version 5.0 , 8.0 , and now version 9.0 which is for the year 2005 . Let me just say that I have used many AntiVirus products before , and McAfee seems to be the only one that actualy finds the viruses , and dos n't give me problems either.A lot of people complain about McAfee but let 's take a look behind the mask ... 1 . Every computer in my entire family uses McAfee and ca n't complain .2 . After I bought McAfee VS2004 , it detected a whole boatload of trojan horses AVG missed.Now , let 's take a look at the world 's precious Norton ... I used it for 30 minutes and it wrecked my computer.My computer ran like maple syrup , and low and behold , after I uninstall Norton after getting sick of it , some programs in Windows refused to run !!! Help would not run , system retore would not run , program compatibilty agent would not run . All of those ran perfectly up untill Norstinks.I reinstall my operating system after reformatting ... yes , I got that sick of the problems.Put in McAfee 2005 and it 's running just fine.Also , any problems users have currently had sending/receiving e-mail via outlook express with McAfee , have been fixed in this new version.It 's cheaper than Norton , uses around 50 % less system resources , detects and cleans plenty of viruses , and gives me no trouble.GET IT : - -RRB-
 I 'm a Norton user , have been since 2000 . Studies were posted showing this was a better product . Next Windows XP had problems with McAfee and Norton beat them to the contract , developing a certified product first . HOWEVER , Norton is now the slacker . While on top , sucking up the money of millions , Norton is turning it 's attention to other things . I love McAfee , now . Norton AntiVirus 2003 & 2004 will not catch the W32Spybot . Norton Internet Secrutiy will slow down your network , not allow you to EVER turn off Norton Internet Security , and can not be uninstalled -LRB- must rip it out of the registry -RRB- . In effect they take over your PC like NetZero , AOL , and much like a trojan . When I bought McAfee 9.0 2005 to replace Norton 2004 it caught the following : - -LRB- 2 -RRB- Trojans
 I 've been to hell and back trying to get my new computer , which I bought six months ago , working with both anti-virus and web filtering . What a nightmare ! McAfee was my third try , and it seems to be working fine -- so far.The real problem here is the asinine , tangled , out-of-control interweaving of Microsoft 's XP/SP II security , the anti-virus programs , and the web filtering software . The right hand does NOT know what the left hand is doing , and conflicts are everywhere.I started with pre-loaded Norton , and it seemed to be doing fine for a few weeks . Then I installed Cybersitter and a week or so later , Norton 's e-mail scanning started crashing intermittantly , blocking all e-mails . I read the Norton 2004 reviews here , which thoroughly trashed it , so rather than pay for it -LRB- I was on a 60 day free trial -RRB- I uninstalled Norton and bought PC-cillin . That involved some other hassles -LRB- their free tech support was worthless -RRB- , but it seemed to be working fine -- until I discovered that all JPEG attachements to e-mails were being corrupted . Since the problem disappeared when PC-cillin scanning was removed , I assumed that was the sole cause . Their worse than useless tech support -LRB- just wasted my time -RRB- was stumped , and even implied that it was built into their software , so in desperation I dumped PC-cillin and bought McAfee . Only to discover the exact same problem . Suspecting issues elsewhere , I turned off Cybersitter 's filtering , which revealed that there was a conflict with the two.So although that may clear PC-cillin -LRB- and perhaps Norton -RRB- , this remains a clear case of buyer beware . I just dumped Cybersitter and installed CyberPatrol , and so far these two seem to be getting along without causing problems . Knock on wood . This is a real mess , folks . It 's nobody 's fault and everybody 's fault , all at the same time .
 I got it about a month ago , it has worked as advertised for me so far . I am not aware of any virus it 's or not catching . I like their update about known virus , kind of fun interactively . The security index is fine with me , I hardly look at it and when I do , it gives me pretty good info . I would have to say that you are better off buying the bundle -LRB- for normal user -RRB- . Since the bundle is only like 50 dollars , it 's cheaper than buying all the separate components . I saw this on sale -LRB- whosave dot coom , shows you online sales -RRB- at the time so I bought it . I do n't have to pay for virus definition subscription , and i do n't know when that will run out . for novice user I think this product is fine , you are mainly buying peace of mind and usability is more important .
 I have been using McAfee for a couple of years and when the Security Suite is up and running it is very good . I added Quick Clean to it and find that very useful in tuning my PC . But there is a downside - every few months McAfee tell me that one of the products - say Spam Killer - is out of date . So I go on line for `` chat '' which is very tedious and rarther worse than watching paint drying . Inevitably they tell you to uninstall the product and reinstall and that results in mega problems . Today after manuall uninstalling the five items in the Security Suite I found that I had compeletely lost my Outlook - all gone - personal folders - email - contacts and calendar . A real nightmare . It took many phone calls and all day to resolve . Customer support and tech support are dreadful . Virus Scan does however work well and kept all sorts of nasty stuff at bay for me .
 I have broadband and teenagers at home . My PC 's were plagued with trojans and Viruses . I was formatting and re-building every 6 months . I installed McAfee Virusscan in April 2005 and have not had a SINGLE trojen or virus infect my 2 PCs . McAfee security center is constantly popping up -LRB- 5 seconds -RRB- and telling me it has quarantined or deleted such and such program ... a known virus or trojan . The pop up alerts are a small price to pay for a clean machine . I recommend McAfee Virusscan -LRB- but NOT the spamkiller combo pack . SK is a whole other ugly story ! -RRB-
 My 3-now4-yr old daughter loves all these `` Bear and Penguin '' games , but we have gotten thisseries of games to work only on a Mac , NOT on an XP machine as one would thinkfrom the descriptions . If you 've got a Mac and can get this cheap , it is a steal . Thegames themselves are very well made .
 This multi-media CD is very impressive . The collection of materials is really unique . It has a wide-range of topics that is needed by any one who needs to explore this great religion ; ISLAM . The use of graphics , texts , sound , and video added more beauty to its beauty . So far , I have not seen a similar CD . It can be used as a learning tool as well as a presentation tool for the lovers of making A JOURNEY TO EXPLORE ISLAM.Mamdouh N. Mohamed , The Educational Consultant at the American Open UniversityPh . D. in Instructional Technology
 This is a great program that found a loop hole in the credit system . This program does not do anything you ca n't on your own , but it makes restoring your credit much easier . The idea behind this program is simple . By law the credit bureaus have 30 days to respond to any disputes to your credit report , if they do not they must remove the items being disputed . This program helps you make the dispute letters . After you send out your dispute letters 2 , 3 , 4 times the bureaus simply quit investigating your claims and ignore your letters . That 's where you get to fight back and say ; you did not respond to my dispute , you must remove the disputed records on my credit reports . I have only completed one cycle in the process , but I have seen results already . The credit bureaus did respond , but a few of the items on my report were removed.The only thing negative I can say about this program is the quality of the retail packaging . It is a DVD case with an insert that was printed on a personal laser printer . The disc was a CD-R with a laser printed stick on label . I would have liked to see more professional packaging .
 I looked a lot of different programs on Amazon . I wanted one that provides information on exactly what one needs to do to to lift FICO scores , a break down of what banks really look at , and an easy way to dispute and remove errors off a credit report . This software had all these answers and more , so I bought it and then asked the seller to email me the program so I can begin at once . I then went to freecreditreport.com and pulled my credit from the 3 credit bureaus . Within minutes I was up and running and done in 15 minutes total . The software application is very simple , point click , done ! By disputing a few simple errors my score will soon be back to 740 or higher . Your dont need some credit repair guy , just this software . Thanks alot !
 This game rocks . After a very simple installation , it ran quite well . Best when used with a Joystick , it takes a bit of getting used to as far as control goes , but once you have it down , it 's a lot of fun ! There could be more levels , but the free-fly mode lets you wander around shooting little army men , and you can go through the levels again and again . At the price , it 's well worth the money , and I 'm sure I 'll keep coming back to play it again and again ! -LRB- If you like Toy Commander , this is an exceptional game to satisfy your ` needs ' on the PC ! -RRB-
 This is a pretty good PC game for the price . My son is 5 and he likes it , but there are others he grabs for first . If it helps him learn I like it .
 I purchased this for a mentally challenged relative . She is finding it hard , but challenging . Her biggest wish in life is to be able to read . I am grateful there are products out there to help her like this .
 I see a lot of complaints about this product regarding the outdated information . These maps are U.S. Geological Survey maps sets . Grant you , yes they were compiled from data such as aerial and ground surveys that are dated . That said , these are accurate maps of the areas they cover , these include monument markers that are THE reference for surveyors . These maps can be updated by the user with a GPS which gives one the capability of adding roads , trails , markers to your map sets making them a personal experience . No , these are not for someone that just wants a ready to use road/trail map . In other words , these are great for trailblazers , not followers .
 Allows you to export tif images with GIS/CAD world files for easy upload into Programs such as Petra . Downside is that if you are looking at a large area , you have to continuously change out disks -LRB- there are 5 or 6 of them -RRB- .
 Awesome product.The ability to see individual topo sheets is very useful , as is the ability to create custom seamed maps.Dowloads of GPS waypoints to the computer , and the upload of GPS points fron the computer to the GPS unit is easy.Customer support is phenomenal ! They resopond quickly and personally answer your questions and even take recommendations on what might be nice additions for future updates -LRB- such as a Baja map set , or the addition of other datums besides NAD27 -RRB- I ca n't say enough about this product ! The best mapping software out there
 I purchased a copy of the Alaska version of these maps about 2001 or so , I have used then continually ever since . I wanted a library of USGS topo maps for the state . In particular the 63,360 maps.I had grown tired of buying new maps from the USGS map store every year . That is exactly what I got , plus all of the other USGS topo maps for the state.While it is a bit clunky , you can stitch the maps together for custom coverage of areas located on two or more maps . I print all of my maps on 13x19 sometimes changing the scale to suit me . I have tried several other mainstream topo map products -LSB- Garmin , NatGeo , Delorme , etc. -RSB- and still prefer my iGage All Topo Alaska set.They do not have all the bells and whistles that some do . But , I was not looking for those and am still not.EDIT : I am retiring sand moving to Hawaii this summer . I just sold the set locally here in Alaska for $ 75 . $ 25 is not a bad cost for 12 years of use.Note that I only used the original discs to burn copies for everyday use . The original discs were in pristine condition .
 Great game and fast shipping . Game only works with Windows XP . It will NOT work with Vista ... this is a major disadvantage .
 Very easy to use . I like it because you can make several lists , customize , sort ... Very affordable .
 this product was just what I needed it is great . This is the second time that I have bought this one lost the last one .
 Amazing how difficult it is to find a simple database mailing list program . Thank you for still keeping one in stock . Great price for a simple program , arrived on time and was in condition stated . Thank you , I would do business with this vendor again .
 It 's great for home use . Flexible , easy to work with . print just what you want printed , is a very good option . Thank you
 I have found this program easy to use but I have troube taking the time to enter all info needed . My fault , not the program .
 A very helpful product . You can create multiple address lists with various formats and data tables . Simple to use and easy to view databases . I had used it before and I liked it so much I wanted to use it again .
 The My MailList was just what I wanted , a self-contained program that did just that . It worked as I had hoped , so I was completely satisfied . This way I could recommend it to others who did not want to spend a lot to get a much larger program that did perhaps a lot more , but things that they did not want .
 This software was easy to use , worked on my Windows 7 computer.While word and other programs will make labels , I found it easier to use this program for some things.Especially since the address book and the labels are integrated .
 I have been a user of this software for several years and find it more than adequate for my `` Mailing List '' and label printing needs , which are basically to manage my annual Christmas Card mailing . It does take a little getting used to and it does have some limitations in terms of `` print report formats '' , but what do you expect for such an inexpensive product . I like it and would recommend it or buy it for anyone who has very basic mailing list needs .
 Buy software to do what you need to do now . This is one hundred times better than keeping your data in a standard spreadsheet . It stays clean and exports without flaws in CSV . This program can be learned in 15 minutes by almost anyone . It allows fast searches and you can pull up sublists by any type of subsort you wish to set up . Advance features take more time , but more complicated programs take that much time and more.I own a printing and mailing company and give away many copies of this program to my friends and customers . I also own and use , almost daily , a $ 3000 program that does most everything you could want ; including NCOA move update requirement to qualify for postage discounts . Unless you want to spend a few hundred hours per year keeping up with the Postal regulations , and thousands of dollars per year on equipment and software updates , you are probably better off using a professional service for anything this program ca n't do for you .
 I was replacing this item after my computer crashed-I had been using an older version for a long time . It worked great for me .
 I needed to replace my version of My MailList & Addressbook when I got a new computer . I found it on Amazon at the right price . It is the most user friendly mailing list creater that I have found .
 I have been using MailList for years . I had to buy a new computer and could not get it transferred to my new computer . I found it here and had to have it . I mail over 140 Christmas cards . I would hate to have to write all those address by hand . Thanks to this purchase I will never have to worry about that problem again as I have the disc backup . Homer Hill
 I see a lot of complaints about this product regarding the outdated information . These maps are U.S. Geological Survey maps sets . Grant you , yes they were compiled from data such as aerial and ground surveys that are dated . That said , these are accurate maps of the areas they cover , these include monument markers that are THE reference for surveyors . These maps can be updated by the user with a GPS which gives one the capability of adding roads , trails , markers to your map sets making them a personal experience . No , these are not for someone that just wants a ready to use road/trail map . In other words , these are great for trailblazers , not followers .
 Allows you to export tif images with GIS/CAD world files for easy upload into Programs such as Petra . Downside is that if you are looking at a large area , you have to continuously change out disks -LRB- there are 5 or 6 of them -RRB- .
 Awesome product.The ability to see individual topo sheets is very useful , as is the ability to create custom seamed maps.Dowloads of GPS waypoints to the computer , and the upload of GPS points fron the computer to the GPS unit is easy.Customer support is phenomenal ! They resopond quickly and personally answer your questions and even take recommendations on what might be nice additions for future updates -LRB- such as a Baja map set , or the addition of other datums besides NAD27 -RRB- I ca n't say enough about this product ! The best mapping software out there
 I purchased a copy of the Alaska version of these maps about 2001 or so , I have used then continually ever since . I wanted a library of USGS topo maps for the state . In particular the 63,360 maps.I had grown tired of buying new maps from the USGS map store every year . That is exactly what I got , plus all of the other USGS topo maps for the state.While it is a bit clunky , you can stitch the maps together for custom coverage of areas located on two or more maps . I print all of my maps on 13x19 sometimes changing the scale to suit me . I have tried several other mainstream topo map products -LSB- Garmin , NatGeo , Delorme , etc. -RSB- and still prefer my iGage All Topo Alaska set.They do not have all the bells and whistles that some do . But , I was not looking for those and am still not.EDIT : I am retiring sand moving to Hawaii this summer . I just sold the set locally here in Alaska for $ 75 . $ 25 is not a bad cost for 12 years of use.Note that I only used the original discs to burn copies for everyday use . The original discs were in pristine condition .
 The sixth Pajama Sam release , this new game does n't look like it will live up to the others , but it does . There are ten fun new versions of old games . They can be more addicting than the originals , especially if you 're a PJ Sam fan ! It 's a rainy day , and Pajama Sam does n't know what to do . He looks in the closet for games , and ends up in a world of fun , revisiting with some of his old friends . Because you ca n't save games , THIS GAME DOES N'T REQUIRE ANY HARD DRIVE SPACE . It will work on practically any computer Windows 95 , Mac 7.5.5 , or higher , and does n't need to be installed . It does n't come with a CD case , just an envelope , but this game stays in my CD-ROM drive all the time because it 's so hard to stop playing . I would recommend this for any Pajama Sam junkee , or just a PJ Sam beginner .
 This is a great software program for young children . My five-year old and my three - year old love Pajama Sam . This program teaches critical thinking and problem solving skills in an easy game format.I would recommend this product to anyone looking for great educational software for their kids !
 My kid has all the Freddi Fish , Spy Fox & Pajama Sam titles.My kid loved the games since he was 4 years old.Humongous Entertainment did an excellent job.These games will challenge the intelligence of kids .
 This is absolutely the best set of kids ' computer games except for PuttPutt 's Activity Pack -LRB- same company -RRB- ! We have most of PuttPutt , Freddi Fish , Pajama Sam and Spy Fox , plus the soccer , baseball and football . Not only has my 6 year old been playing them successfully for 3 years , but the neighbor kids up to age 12 come over to play them as well -LRB- for the past 3 years -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong with any of these products for kids not yet too sophisticated to demand interactive advanced graphics . These are the best , and entirely inoffensive .
 The Mapsend Streets Gold CD-Rom is a good piece of software . It does everything it advertises . I would n't consider the maps to be outdated , only perhaps if your city , like every city is in a constant state of construction . In fact , I 've recently lived in three different cities long enough to know the streets , and the Mapsend is right on target . The Mapsend software installed flawlessly on my computer , and just a few minutes later I was downloading regional pieces of maps into my meridian gps . I also have a 32MB SD Memory card , which will provide PLENTY of room for maps . The Meridian comes standard with 2MB , which really just is n't enough . The map , with EVERY Point of interest , is n't even 1MB . But I digress , the Mapsend software is easy to use , highly detailed as advertised , and , while I 'm not an expert on the program yet , it seems to be versatile . It does n't have any trails or topo informaion , just streets , hotels , restaurants , etc. . If you have even the slightest computer savvy , this program is a breeze .
 In reading the other reviews it appears that most folks are having a problem with the MapSend software . I use V4 .0 with my Meridian Color and while I find the track vs. road display could be improved , actual location of map generated waypoints to actual destinations is within about 50 to 100 ft. I 've tried this at some 12 different and very specific road intersections where there could be no error in the location . Using the Lat/Lon numbers generated by the map , the GPS came within 0.008 of a degree . This equates to an error of some 100 ft or less . I find that the actual width of the road can contribute this amount of error.The product is old and has been discontinued by the company . It was inexpensive but does work . I 'm just not sure what others had expected .
 I debated back and forth on this as many reviews were negative . I am glad I ordered it and like the POI 's , most of the time it is right on the money for location . It is fun to drive around and see different POI pop up on places I have past for years with out notice . Magellan could provide a more extensive review on their products . -LRB- Restraunts , Hotels , etc. have phone # 's , address , point to GOTO and you are there -RRB-
 This is a great product . I read the other reviews and they are all wrong . This is the `` GOLD '' series and is updated with all new features . Also it comes with a update feature so you can download new maps . The Quality is cyrstal clear and has lots of colors to show specific areas .
 I took the time to go through 112 Years National Geographic and I tell you what , I 'm impressed . Some say , the words are blurry , and the words are anything but blurry , maybe a little haze , but I can actually see what the words say . Is that good for reference , and knowledge ? First of all , it 's not like HD super superior quality , but it 's enough quality for you to see and make out what words are there and now . And yes , there 's 31 CDs , which covers from 1888 to 2000 . The pictures , they are n't 2008 top notch quality , but they are also viewable , they are n't blurry , but are n't top notch quality . You can view the imagine , but if you 're looking for 1080p HD resolution , these are n't the pictures for you , they are a little hazy if you zoom in , but who wants to zoom in ? I think using the pictures to help describe the text is about all you 're going to get . it 's a great CD pack , if you 're a national geographic fan , get this ! Unless you want millions of books on your shelf , and I do n't , I just wan na see the pages , references , and stuff .
 I get a lot of use out of this piece of software . I am a relative newbie to GPS , and when I bought my first receiver , I was a more than a little disappointed at the vagueness of the built-in map . I did a lot of reading on the internet and eventually bought this program to go with my GPS . I am totally happy with this software , but that may be because I knew what to expect going into it : The maps are good , but they will not be perfect . Sometimes roads or lakes or the like will be a little off in their placement on the map . Things have been off sometimes by as much as 500 feet for me , but usually much less . Most of the time for me , placement of map stuff is either dead on or so close that I do n't notice any error , or at least close enough that I do n't care.Anyway , I find this software to give a HUGE improvement over the built-in maps in my Magellan receiver . If you have a Magellan receiver that is compatible with this program , and if you care about getting some more detailed maps that are pretty darn good -LRB- but not perfect -RRB- and a darn sight better than the built-in ones , I would highly recommend this software to you .
 Having used my Map 330 in Kalalau Valley this past summer , I had some waypoints and a whole bunch of tracks that I was able to download to the Mapsend Streets program , not very usefull for off road use , however , I recently purchased the Topo version and was pleasently surprised that the saved waypoints and tracks transferred to the Topo version as well . What was impressive was the cross section feature of the software that actually retraces the track steps on your PC . It uses a white circle icon that follows the tracks that I took going to various features of the valley . There was an impressive amount of information in the data box that accompanies the cross section feature . One important difference with this program and the Mapsend Streets is that there is a print function to this program with preview . It 's nice to have a hard copy of the maps downloaded , in case your gps fails for some reason , like low batteries for instance.While the accuracy of the image track was not dead on , I do n't expect any GPS to be 100 % accurate as the satellites are for military use and not intended for the general public . After all , we would n't want our enemies to use this resources on us , would we?This is one impressive software and if you have a Magellan GPS , you really need this software .
 All around a great transaction . Best price for a new in the wrapper product and shipped super fast . The item was exactly as described . No surprises .
 I ca n't imagine operating my Sportrak without this software . It is excellent when used for navigating in a car or on a trail . OK , not EVERY road and trail is in there , but most are . And most are fairly close to reality . The software may not keep you from driving or walking off a cliff , it was never intended for that purpose . In order to fit the entire USA on one CD , and to allow the maps to fit on your GPS , corners were cut to minimize file sizes . But if you are lost , it can help you get back on track , and that 's what I need most.This software is available as a bundle at most Magellan vendors , that is the cheapest way to purchase it .
 Topo map is great . But do not count on finding any trails , say Hiking trails . This is the weakness of it . I live in New England , NH more precisely , and guess what
 I just purchased this mapsend -LRB- topo -RRB- software . The maps are very good so far . When you open the box DO NOT follow their directions if you have a Meridian unit !!! Do NOT load the base map as it will turn your unit into a Map 330 unit and it will crash and need to be replaced per Magellan . While looking at the maps on my computer I found the detail quite satisfactory . They show all the info I was looking for and then some . If you know how to read a topo map you should find these to your liking . One other drawback that they are working on is the file size that can be downloaded to the unit . It is only 32MB . They are working on a patch for this problem though . For ease of use you may want to get an SD card reader to speed up the download process . You do n't need to connect your gps unit to the computer this way .
 Played & lost my 1st game of Risk II . Got my # * @ stomped ; the AI is formidable -LRB- & that 's against the ` easy ' generals -RRB- . All in all a lot of fun , even if the game is years old . The graphics are good for the time ; they do n't need to be spectacular in a strategy game anyway.If you are only into shoot 'em up , splash-tastic games , go buy a new one . For pure , challenging strategy , this is a good investment . Well worth the money spent.This game allows you to play Classic Risk , just like the original board game ; or you can choose from many in-game options that offer hours of fun . These include turn-based or ` same time ' play . You can play against the PC , other players in the ` hot seat ' on the same PC , or against players via LAN or internet . I look forward to trying it on the internet myself.Shop around , find one with a manual -LRB- it 's worth it -RRB- , and you should be able to find it for as little as $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . You 'll be glad you did .
 This game is a fun way for kids to learn strategy , basic math and geography . My boys are 10 and 5 yrs old and they love it . It has simulated combat , but there is no blood and only abstract violence .
 Risk II is a great game with lots of features . The great thing is you can play all the time with either a human or computer . It was a little inconvienient to get the free trials as they only have !!! 60 minutes !!! THe real version was !!! $ 19.99 !!! when I saw it after the free trial .
 Bought this for my son who is 16 . It is one of three we purchased . Games arrived promptly , in great condition . He loved the board game , so we decided to try it . Success !
 the program loaded just fine . the only proplem i have is the cd has to be in the computer to play the game . that i do n't like . other cd 's i have bought once u load the program you dont need the cd .
 This is a great a game ! It 's almost as fun as the actual board game . The only drawbacks , especially from the original Risk computer game is that you ca n't save the game and finish it later , and you ca n't play with a neutral player like the board game and the earlier computer game could . Also , sometimes the computer just makes some really stupid moves ! But then again sometimes I 'd swear that the digital dice were sometimes stacked against me ! Fun game !
 I orginally purchased My TypeArtist about 6-7 years ago and during a move it got lost so I had to immediately run out and buy another copy . This is a phenomenal alternative to your typical fonts . They are more art than font . It is as simple as picking the style you like and typing what you want it to say . I 've read other reviews that said people were disappointed because they could n't alter the fonts other than changing the size and spacing . It is true that you ca n't alter them like you could within a graphics program but even with a graphics program it would take you hours to create the kind of lettering that My TypeArtist produces in seconds .
 This is one very cool little program . I 've had it for almost 5 years . It has hundreds of different styles of font - but almost like clipart . It 's true you ca n't alter it much but you can make lots of neat little signs or headlines which look very professional . I 'm a teacher and have used this to make signs for sports things made of a font with baskeballs , or one that 's made out of pencils - you simply pick the font you like and arrange the size and background and export it and then pick it up in whatever program you want to use that newly created `` clip '' in . I think it 's very reasonable given what it can do
 Another handy book to have around in order to have a wide range of various letters available.Fast delivery .
 I demo 'd this intermute product and it did a good job of detecting mal-ware `` pests '' and in cleaning areas likeyour browsers , office programs , instant mesaging and a few misc items , like google toolbar , winzip recent file list , adobe recent file list.Then there is the CWshredder included and also the file shredding ability -LSB- done to DOD standards -RSB- . I do n't know that a `` basic '' or `` standard '' version of this program is even offered anymore . But in any case , I would go with the `` pro '' package.Intermute acquired CWShredder and now includes it in their software package.All I can say is , go to Intermute , get the demo and try the program.Chances are good that you 'll be back here soon , to buy the full package.I have fought against CW Shredder several times . On my own pc and friend 's pc 's . Having the CW shredder included is a real timesaver .
 I 've been a user of QuickBooks Pro for a while but it was weak in the area of contact management and reporting . Was looking around and saw this product . Looked like it would do everything I was doing in QB Pro and get me where I wanted to go with contact tracking and reporting . So far I 'm thrilled with the product and the company that creates it and supports it - MYOB.The product is phenominal but before I get to that , let me tell you how easy it was to move my QB data to Plus . Plus comes with a utility that converts most of your QB information - especially handy when you have hundreds of customers and hundreds of inventory items . I converted this info in all of about 10 minutes . It does not convert past transactional data but that 's not a problem for my business . I could care less about that stuff and I still keep QB on my hard drive in case I need to find an old check or invoice.I find MYOB Plus very intuitive and forgiving . Also , I REALLY like a couple of features in general ... * The ability to send invoices via email . * The entire contact management system .
 MYOB is the only small business accounting package that can handle multiple currencies . Neither QUICKBOOKS nor PEACHTREE can handle multiple currencies . If you have customers or suppliers paying or billing in different currencies this is really your only option in a sub - $ 500 accounting package . The other big MYOB plus is its report generating capability - you can pretty much customise whatever you want . They currently have a $ 100 rebate offer -LRB- unlike QUICKBOOKS you do not need to be a prior user to qualify -RRB- so this is a screaming buy . Also note that MYOB is the market leader in pretty much every major market outside the U.S. MYOB spend their budget on PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT for major upgrades whilst most of their competitors spend their budget on ADVERTISING to support relatively minor annual upgrades -LRB- think about that for a minute ... -RRB- .
 My hobby business as an online bookseller reached the stage where it was returning serious income and so I needed an accounting package to keep track of things and see if I had to pay income tax.Not being an accountant , and not having a lot of spare money -LRB- or time ! -RRB- to spend on dud software , I was a little dubious about these things , but I am pleased to report that MYOB has filled my needs perfectly.That 's probably because MYOB was aimed precisely at small businessmen like me . It is easy to learn , the user interface is intuitive and welcoming , and it is supremely powerful . It will keep my accounts for me , as well as help me grow my business , with a wide range of reports and analysis tools.The manual and the various start wizards held my hand as I did tasks for the first time , until I gained the confidence to fly by myself . And I needed confidence , because even simple activities such as entering my first invoice filled me with the horrors . What if I got it wrong ? Would my customers laugh at me ? Would my accountant slug me thousands of dollars to unsnarl the mess when the time came to prepare my tax return?Happy to report no mess , no fuss , no worries . This is not the hassle I feared - in fact it is kind of fun , and I frequently look through the reports to see my business growing before my eyes.Thanks , MYOB !
 I have been using MYOB for a number of years , and have just upgraded to Acoounting Plus , and love it.The product is getting better all the time , but the user interface has some shortcomings . For instance you can not view another time billing screen , without closing out the current one , which is a problem if you store notes , and are billing a client based on time . In this case you have to stop the billing timer in order to see the notes on another item.The MDI interface works well , and all screens are refreshed at once if you change details . I am also able to remove entries and re-enter them which is good since I am an engineer and not an accountant.I am finding that MYOB is good for keeping an eye on cash flow - something important for all businesses.Wish List ... 1 . Integration with outlook -LRB- Contacts , Contact Logs etc -RRB- 2 . More MDI , where more than one of each screen can be open at once3 . ToDo screen that comes up on startup ONLY if there is a ToDo.Overall a good product
 I recently purchased MYOB Plus and I 'm glad I did . In my business , we were using various spreadsheets to keep track of different things . When I first started the business , that worked okay but quickly got out of control . I finally got smart and started using Plus to do what I 'd been trying to re-invent with spreadsheets . I do n't use all of the product but am very happy with how it 's gone for me so far . For instance , I use Banking , Sales , Payroll and the Time Billing portions of the product . What really caught my eye were two things
 Not too complicated to learn.Even manufacturers can use it ... you can take inventory and combine it to make `` new '' inventory . Nice feature NOT found in QuickBooks.You can even use this as a manual entry POS software for small biz checkout.Downloads or uploads text file spreadsheets.Much less expensive than oter MRP systems .
 I work in IT , for a Cable ISP . I used to swear by Norton 's products , until 2003 . After the 2003 Antivirus , their products have been junk , however with the only other mainstream security software out there pretty much being McAfee -LRB- which is wretched , stinking garbage and I 've never known anyone who had it to NOT get a virus -RRB- , I considered it to be the lesser of two evils . At my work we frequently refer people to Trend Micro 's Housecall , and the consensus amongst my colleagues seems to be that it does the best job of cleaning up infected systems for those of our customers whose service is suspended due to virus activity . I found that dozens of people were recommending the housecall scan over those of Norton , McAfee , and even the program that our company partners with to provide our free customer security suite . Upon finding out about Trend Micro 's 30 day free trial , I decided to give it a shot.I think it 's a great program , and is as user friendly as possible for the amount of features it has . It loads quickly and is n't a resource hog . I think it 's really cool that you can see the mac ID 's of people connected to your wireless network.The bad reviews of this program frustrated me . You ca n't fault a product for having ` larger updates than Norton ' ... I 'd RATHER have a suite that was releasing more updates that were greater in size than Norton - how novel to find a security suite that does its job ! It 's not Trend Micro 's fault you live in the boonies and use dial up . And I do n't think it 's fair to give it a 1 rating just because you have a particular type of epilepsy where that is what sets you off ... If I am eating at a restaurant , and somebody next to me is wearing perfume that triggers a migraine headache for me -LRB- also a recognized medical condition -RRB- , I do n't give the restaurant a bad review . After all , the food was great.The only thing I do n't like is that if you are trying to change the licence key for the version you have on a machine , there is n't an apparent way to just change the key ... so I took the ten minutes to uninstall and reinstall the program , and then enter in the new key -LRB- literally , I think it took less than 10 minutes -RRB- . Keep in mind kiddies , installing ANY security suite on an infected pc or one that has scores of junk left in the registry from McAfee , Norton -LRB- or both - some people think that if you install 2 it `` protects you more '' - SO NOT TRUE -RRB- makes you much more likely to experience problems with the install . I NEVER had problems with uninstalling Norton -LRB- on the 5 pc 's that I did it on -RRB- and installing PC Cillin , even without deleting the registry entries that Norton left behind . And as always with a security suite , It 's always best on a fresh install of windows.Overall , it runs quickly updates often and has almost every component you could want out of a suite . I personally think it 's the best option out there - but keep in mind , you can get a flu shot but it does n't guarantee that you 're not going to get the flu , it just highly reduces the likelyhood . It 's a great program and I think it 's cool they give you a specialized area on the website to manage the licences and get access to personalized info based on the products you have.Also - Norton charges 30 + bucks for support . McAfee only has online support . PC Cillin is free -LRB- not that I 've ever had to call since I 've never had a problem with the program -RRB- . P.S.
 First I would like to state that sooner or later every computeruser will come in contact with some problem with an InternetSecurity program . They are human made and not 100 % fault proof.I study and work in the IT field and was first introduced toPC-cillin through Trend Micro 's product Housecall . Soon after Itried out the trial and have finally bought the product . I LOVEIT!I have used several of the other `` major '' anti-virus suitesavailable and have had tons of problems with them . McAfee afterone uninstall had bedded itself so far into the computer that Ihad to completely reformat the PC to gain functionality again.Norton to say was n't much better.If you are installing on a `` clean '' PC where these other softwaresuites have not been , I have not had a problem . I haveinstalled/uninstalled PC-cillin many times each time runningsmoothly.The software has been a valuable asset protecting my PCs byalerting me to virus threats and even hacking threats that werenot even on my network but on my ISPs network . As well asprotecting my network from one single computer that received avirus by shutting off traffic to that PC.I can understand where some of the other problems reported withthis software may occur if the person a beginning user or justunfamiliar with the framework of the software . But if you alreadyhave some experience in how to set this type of software up Ireally do recommend you give PC-cillin a try.It is a sleak program , easy to install , easy to customize , andreally goes above and beyond with alerting you to possible risksand threats.With all its competitors out there I would choose PC-cillin overthe rest any day of the week .
 Purchase went well through Amazon . Product delivers on all it 's promises . Easy to install , straightforward directions , no setup problems . OS is Windows XP , latest updates , including SP2 . Enjoy the 3 license pack , since we had a desktop , and two laptop users in house . Updates are automatic , and we have never had a problem with scanning , or virus detection .
 I was using other internet security programs in the past . All had their pros and cons . I decided to switch to PC-Cillin 2006 Home Security Pack and it is the best available ! . It has both virus and spyware protections built in . The scanning is quick and the updates are easy to get . Plus this home security 3 pack is able to be installed on 3 computers , a bargain . All in all I am sold on this easy to use and comprehensive software product . I highly recommend this product to all ! Amazon.com as usual had the best price .
 It seemed like it took forever to install this software . After properly uninstalling my previous software -LRB- norton -RRB- and all of its registry enteries , I began installation . My initial problem was that as I own 3 computers , and was running PC-Cillin one one of them , I had problems registering this software ... even though this has its own serial number . It is rather amusing that as I purchased a multi pack ... the registration process makes no allowance for those of us which own multiple computers . As of 2 days later I am still waiting for a fix.The rest of the installation was easy ... it tiresome -LRB- I live in a rural area and have to use dial-up -RRB- . All was a smooth install except for the lack of error message , when line noise dropped connection -LRB- I did not figure this out until after I had performed my first scan and was informed I did not have the most recent version of anti-virals -RRB- . Decent GUI interface , but clunky . I would rather the development money goes into the software anyway . IF you are a new user it might be more confusing ... but the quick start guide is reasonably set out ... once you figure out that the order on the quickstart guide is different than the order on the program interface . I am reminded of what Norton used to be like before it sold out to marketing companies/spyware/greyware providers without telling us consumers.I would recommned this to anyone . My only caution is to READ THE DIRECTIONS before jumping into the install . But should n't even experienced users do that ? I just wish the quickstart guide checklist was in the same order as on the interface . I am confident because of my past experience that I can get the registration problem fixed ... when someone who is a native english speaker reads my email to customer service . Dont bother calling the phone number , by the accents of the staff it just goes to a call center outside of the USA -LRB- probably in India -RRB- .
 I 've used several other protection packages over the years and am please to say that last year found trend micro . Their internet protection is imho the best . Easy to install , does n't eat up system resources , updates regularly , does n't conflict with other programs.Currently installed on 6 systems and I have no complaints at all , only praise .
 I used to have Norton for years . After all it was the industry standard , but after it let many a virus slip on through ; I had enough.I knew I would not get McAfee as I have repaired many computers with Mcaffee in the past -LRB- working in the computer field . -RRB- So I checked all the ratings and saw that Trend Micro and Kaspersky did the best in all of the ratings . I dediced to go with Trend Micro since their software edged out Kaspersky.Well two years later I have not looked back . I got a Trojan recently , but I called the free tech support at Trend Micro -LRB- they are the only antivirus company that offers that -RRB- - and they bailed me out . They were very helpful , spent a lot of time with me , etc. . After following a few quick instructions I was back in business and my computer was clean as a whistle.When I had Norton , I would have to email them or be charged $ 40 for a phone call after their software let a virus in . Talk about nerve . No more , Trend Micro is head and shoulders above the rest !
 So , the interface for the new version of Internet Security is very nice and is very easy to use . I have used the previous version in the past upon the recommendation from CNET as the one of the best internet security suites available . I have not been disappointed . The software was very easy to setup and start up and seems to be very secure with regular updates and scans . Fortunately , I have a prety isolated network so I do n't worry too much about virus contamination but I do want to monitor my network 's usage - especially since I have a wirless system . The software allows me to monitor such activity easily and alerts me to anyone trying to get on without permission . The one time I did have a virus , the realtime scan function caught it before it could embed itself into my system and deleted the malicious code immediately . I have n't seen too much activity overall from the sentry software which is a good thing -LRB- I think -RRB- and attests to the overall functionality of the software -LRB- I think -RRB- . Either this is a great piece of programming or my computer has been taken over by spyware gangsters in Russia and I 'm none the wiser . I hope this helps
 Absolutely no trouble installing on 2 computers , -LRB- I use Windows XP -RRB- !! Total Protection , plus you can block many websites very easy , which is great for the computer the kids use . Came with 3 licenses .
 So far so good - this product seems better than Norton but I am not that good that I can tell for sure . This product does update automatically more often than Norton -LRB- in fact it just did so while I started this comment -RRB- . The best feature is the fact that I only have to buy one package for my three computers ! It is much easier to keep up the systems that way .
 I love PC-cillin . This is the second year I have used it . I have it installed on 3 computers . I updates constantly assuring me that my virus protection is secure . I highly reccommend this program to everyone .
 I have installed this product on all of our systems because it is the best protection available , user friendly , and able to meet the challanges of the the deranged who would try and mess up your system .
 I think PC-Cillin is great security protection for your computer , and I have more than one .
 We are very happy with our purchase of PC-cillin 3 pak . Great price and fast delivery .
 I had n't noticed this game because I find most Disney software to be lesser quality than several other brands ; but then I read that Disney contracted Hulabee to design this program and I immediately purchased it . My four-year-old daughter who is an avid educational game player loved it . She finished it in less than an hour . The graphics are excellent ; the game 's design is Hulabee quality -- both engaging and rich in problem solving education . The only problem was it was too easy for my girl . I recommend it for ages 2-4 . However , despite it being too easy , by daughter continues to play it . It 's a hit !
 This is worth the purchase . The graphics are good , and the story is cute - but it only took about 40 minutes for me and my 5-year old to complete . He has n't played it since completing it . The ending was a little disappointing - there 's really not much to do after collecting the needed materials for the big soup . But again , it was cute , a nice tie in with the movie , and a good amount of fun for straight 30-40 minutes . Child could complete almost entirely on his own .
 I had n't noticed this game because I find most Disney software to be lesser quality than several other brands ; but then I read that Disney contracted Hulabee to design this program and I immediately purchased it . My four-year-old daughter who is an avid educational game player loved it . She finished it in less than an hour . The graphics are excellent ; the game 's design is Hulabee quality -- both engaging and rich in problem solving education . The only problem was it was too easy for my girl . I recommend it for ages 2-4 . However , despite it being too easy , by daughter continues to play it . It 's a hit !
 Very easy to install . Easy access on/off-line . Can be configured to pop up at Start or show an icon in Menu bar ready for Search . Highly recommended . Very good product .
 I was on the beta test for this program . This product blows away every other consumer product I have ever seen . Do n't even bother with any of those other cheaper products , it 's just not worth the trouble . It 's like comparing a Geo to a Hummer . There is no comparison !
 I 've used a couple of the consumer products in the past ; most notably , 3D Home Architect -LRB- v4 & prior -RRB- by ART and Architectural Series 18 by Punch . Both these products were probably the best in the < $ 100 market for the home user . 3DHA was sold to Broderbund and they messed up v5 so bad that I 've never seen so many unanimous negative reviews for a piece of software . AS18 v6 is showing its age , although they have a newer AS3000 which I have not seen.Fortunately , ART stayed together and started creating professional products -LRB- Chief Architect line -RRB- and now has home and semi-pro products marketed under the BHG label . The home user product is Home Designer Suite 6 and the semi-pro product is HD Pro 6 - which I am now using . ... I went with HDP6 and absolutely love it ! It blows away all the home user products . It 's fast , stable , has a ton of features and is very configurable . Everything I wished I could do in AS18 is easily done in HDP6 . I 'll just give one example to illustrate
 I 've been using HD Pro 6.0 for about 9 months now , and as a hobby I 've done probably 25 complete home designs of various types and configurations . I also have about as many more that are n't completed , yet.There have been very few things that I have n't been able to figure out how to represent graphically . But if you 're planning to build -- hire a professional after you have realized your concept with this program . The program -LRB- which is feature-reduced from Chief Architect -RRB- is n't quite sufficient for accurate materials lists or for showing proper construction techniques . For those you will need the Chief Architect program , at least . And you will also need to suddenly become a skilled , professional builder or architect . So , if you 're not one of those already , go hire a professional and show them what you want -LRB- by using the program -RRB- . As for the program , it is as complete and as easy to use as any of the others . I have used 3D Home Architect -LRB- the current version -RRB- , and HD Suite/Pro are superior . The `` Pro '' version , at about $ 500 , is n't for the beginner , but I do question exactly who it is best positioned for . Pros would need Chief , and the tinkerer can not justify $ 500 . I bought it mainly for the abilitiy to create custom roofs -LRB- which Suite wo n't do -RRB- , among other things.As for defects in the software -- there is NO defect-free software . The question is
 I tested the cheap old version - 3D Home Architect deluxe 3.0 just for getting a feeling of this kind of software.I then spent quite some time looking around at the Internet at e.g. Punch , IMSI floorplan and finally chose to buy Better Homes and Gardens Home Designer Pro 6 . I chose the product because it is the actual upgrade to Home Architect and it is made by a company that also makes professional products - which in my mind makes them able to use theirs skills while making a stripped version from the professional product.After getting the product my I could confirm that this is a professional home design product with very good documentation . And the program is easy to use and it very fast to draw a sketch of the house and later easy to adjust if needed.No crashes and the 3D workes fine.I have only tested the software om my new PC with 1GB RAM , Pentium 4 -3 GHzHT and ATIRAdeon 128MB graphics - so I do not know yet whether it has good performance on my old PC.I chose the Pro version -LRB- 5 times more expensive -RRB- instead of the suite because I needed conversion from DXF and some of the other things that are extra in the Pro version - see the comparison matrix at the manufacturers site.I think that if you do n't need the extras - which I guess most people wo n't - then the suite is the right product for you ! / Jan
 I found Home Designer Pro 6 to be an excellent choice for software to design my new house . While this software does not have all the features of Chief Architect 's more sophisticated software , Chief Architect 10 , or AutoCad 's architectural version , neither does it have the substantially higher cost . I found this software easy to use to design the floor plan . I was able to use either Home Designer Pro 6 tools or CAD tools . Since I had already drawn a house plan using AutoCad 's AutoSketch software , it was easy for me to import the DXF file format into Home Designer Pro 6 and get started . My wife and I particularly found the 3D view feature to be an excellent one . Often , when we looked at all the angles of a room in our floor plan in 3D view , for example , our kitchen , we discovered that we needed or wanted to redesign the layout or size of that room . For example , we were able to view what a person would see once they entered the front door of our `` new '' house in a panorama of views . What we saw the first time caused us to move some walls , creating a more pleasant , `` first impression '' view . I would highly recommend this software to anyone planning to build a custom house . With our completed design using this software , my wife and I have something substantive that we can give to a draftsman to draw up a final set of plans . This should save us consider time and expense for drafting and get construction on our house started sooner .
 What 's comforting about this program , once you master it , is that its output -LRB- detailed plans for architectural entities such as rooms or houses or porches -RRB- conforms to real world physics to such a degree that it would almost be impossible to create a plan for something that you could n't actually build . In other words , the program ` thinks ' in the way an experienced carpenter or contractor would think . Thus , as you learn how to use the program , if you reflect on it , you 're also learning authentic and viable construction techniques.The program offers many ways to visualize your plans in 3-D . The most fascinating and possibly the most useful is called ` glass house view ' wherein what you have constructed within the program can be seen as if it were made of transparent material but still in proper perspective . The on-screen image of ` glass house view ' lets you ` see through ' walls and floors and roofs , once again , the way an experienced contractor would .
 I am not an architect or builder . But I consider myself handy and cheap . My motto is give me a book -LRB- or program -RRB- and tools and I 'll do anything . My remodel consists of adding a garage and increasing the size of a single story home . Me and my conscripted nephews plan on doing most of the work ourselves . I originally bought the Punch software and was very satisfied with the intuitive ease of use and the 3D design renderings . But when the rubber meets the road and permit requirements become reality , this software was the most affordable one I could find to bypass the professional services usually required for that process . While not easy , meeting the goal of saving that considerable expense has made it worthwhile . Now if I can just figure out a way to build things square ...
 I was pleasantly surprised with how easy this was to get a product with fast . The icons and drop-down menus are intuitively laid out ; I was drawing and 3-D viewing away right out of the box ! I do n't like to read software manuals any more than most people but this one has a very well written , thought-out manual , included video tutorials on CDROM and the program itself is thoroughly wired with Help when you need it . You can get better software than this but it will cost you at least four times as much . Perfect for the remodeling contractor or home designer .
 I had an under $ 99 program from another company that was popular , hard to use , buggy , and poorly supported . After reading reviews , and visiting their support site -LRB- a good idea for any software ! -RRB- , I chose HD Pro . I needed the pro version because the house I 'm drawing has a cathedral ceiling with the roof slope different from the ceiling slope.Out of the box , installation and basic functions were easy . Less obvious things were easy to find in the help , after a few hours I felt proficient -LRB- it includes tutorials that looked good , but I did n't use them -RRB- . For example , pony walls -LRB- bottom half is differrent construction from top half -RRB- are very easy . Simple roofs are easy , compex roofs are more challenging , but I suspect that they would be so in any program . The only thing so far that has been difficult -LRB- and poorly explained -RRB- is doing the entry on a raised ranch -LRB- it 's between two floors , and has it 's own levels for floor , ceiling and roof -RRB- . Overall , I 'm happy with this , you get what you pay for .
 I admit this software is n't exactly what I thought it was . I thought it was just some program that shows you how to do origami . It 's MUCH more ! Not only are there dozens of diagrams , but you can also create your own custom paper . I recommend this for adults planning to teach origami to children . The program itself is definitely not user friendly enough for most children .
 My 5 year old loves her new JumpStart Spanish program . She has learned to count in spanish and her colors so far . Very fun games and rewards . She is really picking things up fast . We have not had any real computer problems , it has locked up once , but that has happened on other software as well . The sound works well . For the price I would recommend this as a beginning spanish program .
 I am a special education teacher for bilingual preschoolers who often have language and cognitive delays . This software allows me to start them off exclusively in Spanish and introduce English at a pace they are comfortable with . The fact they understand what is going on makes a big difference for them . I have also used this for my own son , as a way to help him reinforce his second language . I would highly recommend it for any preschooler .
 My 6 year old daughter loves this program . She had no previous experience with the Spanish language before so I thought we 'd give always reliable Jump Start a try . I have to make her get off the computer ! She goes back again and again and clicks items two or three times to practice the words . Well worth the money , and mom is learning too !
 I have n't used this software yet , but I think it 's great that there is something for young kids to start learning foreign languages . I know that when I tried to learn Spanish , I was already in the 7th grade .
 There are lots of different cards and activities . I am very happy with the variety and quality . Easy to use , especially when printing !
 I was able to get a sneak peak at this product before the release date . The calendars they 've added are amazing . The Hallmark calendars included are beautiful and you can create your own calendars as well . Many of the new cards are the same ones I 'm seeing in the store today . Lots of new stuff and an updated look as well .
 I did have American Greetings software and thought that was nice , but when I got the Hallmark 2004 , it is like professional . I 've made calenders already that look like the store bought ones . I highly recommend this one if you like to make your own greeting cards . You can do so much more too . It also has the formats that look like magazine covers and you can put your own photos and text onto them , and much , much more . I especially liked the event planner , it keeps a calender and will remind you and the format is very pleasing , nice to look at and easy to use .
 For years I have used American Greetings Gold or Platnum . This program is so much better than American Greetings Gold or Platnum no matter what edition.I always email greeting cards to friends and family . The latest version of American Greetings -LRB- Gold 8 -RRB- made it impossible for family and friends to open or view the e-cards I sent . The e-cards I send with Hallmark Card Studio are easy to open and view.Making cards or your own projects is also so much easier with Hallmark Card Studio than with American Greetings .
 In response to Christine Iacomini , the one great thing that this version has over Greetings 2000 is exactly what she did n't like about it
 Hi , I first was a bit hesitant to buy a branded piece of software -LRB- i.e. Hallmark -RRB- , because I 've had terrible experiences in the past with such a products . However , this time it turned out to be pretty good . The interface it 's quite intuitive , the layout -LRB- i think -RRB- it 's no-nonsense , and the creative options are just great . It 's easy to get `` lost '' at first because of the plethora of possibilities , but once one has done it couple of times it becomes VERY easy to use and navigate . My wife created a fully personalized card -LRB- i.e. from scratch -RRB- and printed it in less than half an hour . Granted , you will not be getting all the bells and whistles that other packages out there have , but at this price it 's quite a bargain.My only qualm is that the program is indeed a bit `` heavy '' on system resources and if you 're doing an extravagant piece of card , it will be slow to work with and print.Over all , it 's a buy .
 I bought this product after my neighbor 's daughter taught HERSELF to read just by playing this game . It has lots of fun activities and is easy for kids to figure out . My son may not learn to read as quickly as our neighbor but he 'll sure have fun trying .
 I inherited a computer at work that has had several users , ran windows 95 , and ran like molasses . I had a friend who used to be a IT exec come over to help me with upgrading to W98 . He then ran Norton 2002 Utilities on it and now this machine runs better than it has in many years.He then ran it on my home machine -LRB- 2000 pro -RRB- and cleaned it up as well . It is running as well as it did when I installed W2000 pro a year ago.Highly effective tool for multiple platforms .
 This is a great program . I was always a McAfee user but after it kept slowing my system down , I switched to Norton and I could n't be happier.I really like all the tools that come with this program . I can optimize my PC , scan for obsolete files and many other things . This program is well worth the money .
 Por lo general encuentro muy bien estos productos de SYMANTEC y este no es la excepci&oacute;n.Norton Utilities 2002 ... te servira de mucho en el perfomance de tu PC .
 I run Windows NT on a laptop that I use regularly , and it was running slow at times and I kept getting some strange error messages . I bought Norton Utilities 2002 to fix this up and it did just that . I 've found , though , that if you keep the Norton Disk Doctor open and running to continuously monitor your system , it does slow things down a bit . However , if you just keep it closed , and run the utilities like Speed Disk and WinDoctor every now and then , it should keep everything on your system running smoothly . Also , note that the first time you run Speed Disk -LRB- essentially a disk defragmenter -RRB- it may take a while -LRB- it took me about an hour and half with with a Pentium III 466 -RRB- , but it does n't take half as long after that first time . I think it was worth the money .
 This is a great program to help keep your computer running smoothly . I 've used this program for a while at home and it is a must-have at the office . The only problems was getting the download link from this site sent to me in a timely fashion . It took around 24 hours to get it ; not the 30 minutes as suggested . And though thats not really a problem , most of us like to get what we paid for quickly . Specially on the internet , when it should be processed and sent fairly quickly . Other than that , it 's an excellent program to find all sorts of problems with windows small and large . I SUGGEST using the system check first , then the optimizing wizard which will be followed by the speed disk automatically upon restarting . These 3 things are the most useful of this product . doing this will speed up the process alot quicker than not using optimization wizard . cheers , mate .
 This new version of the popular line of appz on the Norton line is great for finding and fixing problems , defragmenting your hard drive and doing anything you want . Now with Windows XP support I say this is a great buy . Either upgrade from a past version or buy this new version . This is a great program .
 Agreed , this version of Norton has fewer utilites than the previous incarnation . However , if you own a Windows XP machine , this is a MUST . It has an excellent disk defragger and scandisk -LRB- both things Windows has notoriously lacked -RRB- . It also has WinDoctor , which fixes all those broken shortcuts & incorrect entries in system files that make programs crash after you 've moved things around . Norton also seems to have fixed its AntiVirus program 's problem with interfering with other PC functions .
 I honestly thought these utility products were a waste of money until I got one , now I wish I had this product all along . I bought it to find and fix problems and that it does . My computer has not crashed since I loaded Norton .
 I love the format of this dictionary
 Hachette , the very famous and respected French publishing house , in partnership with Oxford , always provides great and easy to use dictionaries and encyclopedias and this one is no exception.I have several bilingual dictionaries on my computer and this one is probably the easiest to use , thanks to the pop-up window that stays in the right corner of your screen , always available and always ready.You can be working on a document , reading an article or listening to the radio and when you 're curious about a word , you just have to type it in the little window , or put your cursor over it and voil&agrave; ! You never have to minimize your document to open the dictionary ! Not only does it give you both US and GB usages but it also gives you examples , idioms and phrases.I 'm loving it !
 I looked at my Card Studio and I think Hallmark is great . The calendars are beautiful and the card selection is superb . I was disappointed when they did n't have the calendars last year . They have excellent choice of cards . The different card studios combined into one program makes it an good value , moneywise . I look forward to using the program in the coming year .
 I have had Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2004 for about a week now and so far like what I see . I have had almost every version of CreataCard and Broderbund products will still be what I use the most because I do a lot of computer crafting and scrapbooking . Hallmark has a lot more to offer as far as very nice cards and if that is what you are looking for in a program you will probably like this most . I am glad I have both .
 Yes I still use it I also have a 2008 version . Would love to have the money to buy a newer version , maybe next year .
 with plenty of opportunity to be creative . The only downfall is that there is no way to download more cards from the internet.All in all though , I would highly recommend this software .
 I have just starting using Hallamrk Card Studio Deluxe 2004 and I love it . I have been reading that people are having problems with installing or running it on Windows XP , and that is what I use , but I had absolutely no problems with that . I have had trouble emailing the cards to a friend who has a tight virus scanner on her work computer , and her computer wo n't open the cards because they are `` unsafe '' . But that is the only problem I am having . Otherwise , I am very impressed !
 Help ! This program will not let me print all of my address 's unto christmas labels . When you go down to the arrow to check all address 's it will not move . Any Help would be appreciated.Thanks
 &#65279; Sandra ; hope you get to read this before giving up on this great little program.Check your printer drivers and spooler . I 'm as close to a computer guru as you 'd want havingplayed with computers in general and PC 's in particular since the heady early days of Sinclair , Kildall , and Adam Osborne . Installed Hallmark Card Studio on my beloved 's machine severalyears back . Was immediately impressed with how thoughtfully programed for the beginner - mylady took to it immediately - and yet how full featured it was for an advanced user -LRB- only wishcould import export data to other address books , and would n't it be great to have a Palmconduit ?! - -RRB- -LRB- I digress ! - -RRB- . Every new version just gets better to the point 2004 has close to two gigs of cards and imagery.In short , Sandra Hallmark Card Studio 2004 IS A KEEPER.Now , approve of your using 98SE , I recommend to my students -LRB- yes I teach computing -RRB- not to gobeyond 98SE and certainly not to connect anything from MS to the InterNet beyond 98SE -LRB- littlething code name of Palladium ! - -LRB- There can be problems with corrupting printer drivers and notably spool32 . Try removing yourprinter under START &#62; SETTINGS &#62; PRINTERS , restart your computer with the printer on andreinstall . Hope this helps and you learn to enjoy this little gem of a program . HBH
 I think this software is a great greeting card software to own . You have over 4200 pre-made Hallmark cards to choose from for ANY occasion . If you ca n't find one , just do a theme search and it will come up with an answer for you . The box does say 4500 cards to choose from , but when you live 100 miles from the nearest Hallmark store , fudging by 300 cards does n't make that much of a difference . If you prefer to change the wording in any of the cards , you can choose from over 3900 greetings , or write your own . The clip art selections are numerous with drawn objects to actual photos . You can even change the pre-made calendars , which are very cute on their own , to suit your own picture preferences . Of course , you can create cards , calendars , postcards , etc from scratch if you prefer to work that way . The calendar selection includes monthly , weekly , and daily formats . If you are looking for the entire Hallmark selection , you need to buy all of their software , which could get pricey , or just make a trip to your local Hallmark store and buy one when you need one . This is a great and fun software . The Photo Power software that is included is a pretty simple photo editing software . It does n't have many options for editing photos , but it works in a pinch for making cards , photo frames , etc. . One big plus on that is it takes out red eye . You can use the photo editing on it 's own , but it does n't give you a print option . Hallmark Deluxe 2004 even has a simple event planner calendar and address book for you to use . Probably not the best planner for an office professional , but it works well for the home . Have fun with it !!
 This program is fantastic . It 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events/holidays/etc . There are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . You can also make your own card without any help . The same thing for envelopes!There are also quite a few additional projects included . You can create your own stationary sets -LRB- paper and envelopes -RRB- , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more.I highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . I mostly bought this -LRB- I was a beginner -RRB- to save money on cards and in the 2 months I 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . It 's much more convenient than going to the store , WAY cheaper and I really like being able to make matching envelopes .
 I just received this new program two days ago and I am loving every minute of it . . The new cards are beautiful as Hallmark 's always are . . I have used just about all the Hallmark programs out there and they just keep getting better and better . . So far , this one 's the BEST . . I had a problem with the 2003 program similar to that of Talonii . . I contacted Sierra and they told me there was a conflict with something else that I had running on my computer . . It was my Office Bar that was the problem . . When you put the office bar in Auto hide the cards will not come up . . Turn it off and the problem is solved . . Hope this helps . .
 I have yet to make a card with this software , but that is by choice ... I prefer photo cards , and find it 's easier to make the outside of a card with my Canon photo software , and the inside with Digital Image . I love the stationery section on this , however ... lots of choices of paper designs , and it 's very easy to use . I just ca n't figure out how to make the text larger , if you can . When you 're typing up your letter , it has LARGE text ; when you print your letter it has SMALL text.Making an envelope is easy , too ... it 's the only easy software I have for that ! Only , I have to go to my Control Panel to click in my Canon printer properties to change the paper type to envelope . The Hallmark software does n't allow this -- at least not the envelopes that directly follow stationery printing , although it allows it when printing your letter . If I do n't change the Canon to envelope , I 'm left with ink tracks on my envelopes . -LRB- There is a separate envelope category , however , that I have n't used . Maybe that one brings up the printer properties . -RRB- There are loads of fun projects in this software , and it 's a very colorful software.About installation ... mine was a nightmare . Disc 1 was the only one that would download . The other two just froze my PC . I discovered that I was changing the discs too quick . If I waited at least a few minutes between changing discs it installed fine . I almost gave up on it , however , but am glad I did n't .
 This is the first program like this I 've ever bought . I 've only had it a few days but I already know my way around . Ton of cards to pick from and easy to customize . Calendar is nice from what I 've seen so far.I 'm using Windows XP but did n't run into anything like some of the other reviewers mentioned . It installed fine and its been working great so far .
 I was able to get a sneak peak at this before the release date . Calendars have been added and they are beautiful . You can also create your own personalized calendars and it 's easy to put your calendar information in so it can be printed . They 've added lots of new cards . A lot of the cards are the same ones you 're seeing in the Hallmark stores right now . I own Card Studio 2003 but I 'm definitely buying the 2004 version .
 I was really surprised to read some of the other reviews about this product -- it 's as we we 've purchased entirely different programs . In my experience with this software , I 've found it to be extremely smooth-running and user-friendly from installation to printing , and the card selection and customization is second to none.There have been perfect cards for every occasion to date and we 've customized them countless ways -- adding and editing photos , moving text , sending ecards , you name it ! Navigating within the art studio is very intuitive.Printing cards from the sofware is very easy and the on-screen configuration works great . Unlike some of the other reviews , I have n't had the problem of having to re-configure every time I print . We set it up once and that was it . I 've printed on card stock paper , which turns out gorgeous , and we 've also printed the quarter-fold plain letter size which also looks great and works perfect with size A2 envelopes -LRB- this is a great printing option if you do n't want to buy card stock paper ! -RRB- . I 've used this software on all of my computers , have recommended it to many people , and so far have not yet encountered or heard of any problems . I highly recommend it . It 's a fun program , the recipients will love their customized cards , and it will save you money in the long run !
 I enjoyed it greatly , until I had a system crash and tried to redownload the product , I found out that I could not redownload the product . The little time I used it , I loved it .5 star all the way.This has taught me to buy the cd , than download it , for there are times when this info will be lost and it can not be redownloaded again .
 It does exactly what I wanted it to do . Too bad it had to be discontinued . Upgrades would have been nicer .
 Norton Cleansweep is a great program if you have a smaller hard drive . It will delete and unncesary information safely with Fast and Safe Cleanup . It will also compress files that you want compressed to save hard drive space and compress programs . Highly Recomended
 Whether you are a quilter or a quilt historian this collection of quilt blocks and the means to replicate them is priceless . This collection of blocks and their instructions make it easy for any quilter to design their own heirloom quilt . Worth every penny .
 Very easy to use format . I have been working on a reproduction quilt , however , working from only pictures and templates was difficult and cumbersome . Using BlockBase has made all the difference . I can customize my blocks and choosing the best method - paper-peicing or rotary cutting or templates - is a breeze . A great reference and so many options ! Just what I was looking for .
 Really like this program . I have EQ7 . but find that this program is a lot easier to use . My friend and I have a lot of fun designing quilts with program , if only there were enough years to finish all of them .
 I purchased this over 10 years ago and have used it many times to search for a block or resize a block . It is reliable information assembled by Barbara Brackman , a well-known quilt historian . This is a stand alone product which does n't need EQ . A new block of the month on-line program has been started using Blockbase .
 I LOVE IT . IT HAS A LOT OF PATTERNS IN IT . I THINK I WILL ENJOY THIS VERY MUCH WHEN I SIT DOWN AND TRULY LEARN THE PROGRAM .
 Great interactive software to learn typing ; however , the animation introduction is too long -LRB- too much talking -RRB- and did not find out a way to bypass . The animation is not cute or fun at all , but the game and typing practice itself are very good .
 I could not typ if my life depended on it before I got this prodect but it taught me how to typ in a fun way and I went from novice to advaced withen a year but keep in mind that I used this program very spare seced of my time
 Typing has become a basic lifeskill that everyone needs to function in this world . This game makes it fun and easy . My son begs to play it and competes against his own score . This program will accelerate your child in language arts . He types 13 words a minute which is ok for a 7 year old who HATES to write .
 Helped my 10 year boy improve his typing . But he eventually lost interest in it . Buy the latest version .
 The shipping came much faster than I thought and the wrapping was very secure . The cd was brand new and not only does the cd include a typing test it also displays a report card for the children on their speed and accuracy . After a a certain level is completed on the typing test then they have games to reinforce what was practiced . I am very pleased and will be using this company again .
 I purchased this program for my 9 year old granddaughter . I used to teach Computer Application at an elementary school and this program closely resembles the typing program we used . She will be learning and typing like a pro in no time . We have several other Jumpstart programs and the quality is wonderful in them as well . Thanks , Lauren
 I think this software is easier to use , so I recomended it .
 I 've been using the Macintosh as my `` platform of choice '' almost since its original introduction -LRB- when the original `` Fat Mac '' having a whopping 512K of memory was offered -RRB- . At some point in time -LRB- probably in the late 80 's -RRB- , Apple realized that `` the computer for the rest of us '' needed a little help if it was to coexist , peacefully or otherwise , with Windoze systems . And so the ability to read PC diskettes and translate PC files into Mac-readable equivalents was born , with the introduction of two Mac OS `` helpers ''
 If you ca n't avoid being around windows media , this software does all it promises to do . And it does it very well . What more can you say about a piece of software ? Oh yeah ! It 's easy to install , and use .
 While MacLinkPlus v13 .0 does work very well , it only runs on Mac operating systems 8.1 and higher , with reduced functionality on OS X . It does n't run on the Windows NT / Me / 2000 / 98 / 95 , Unix , Linux platforms .
 This was another good game from Humongous , but not their best work . Still , Pajama Sam is an excellent character that we found our children identifying with as they played . The game kept them interested for many hours during the initial run -LRB- before solving the game -RRB- and then for a few more times as a repeat . But I would recommend the other Pajama Sam games ahead of this one . Also , if this is too easy for your child , try the Spy Fox series ; and if it 's a little too hard , check out Freddie Fish or even -LRB- for the young ones -RRB- Putt-Putt the Car . Although these titles are a little bit dated now , they still have excellent playability , kids can identify with the characters and they are VERY inexpensive .
 The children are enjoying this game . It is a little less challenging than other Pajama Sam games , but is still educational and fun .
 Pajama Sam is such a great game , and I 'm so glad I took the time from working my job at MCDonalds to afford . I only worked one hour at MCdonalds , only so I could buy the game and play it . I bought it because I tried to pirate it on the internet , and let 's just say someone decided to `` spike '' the game with a FLESH EATING VIRUS.Overall , I 'm quite satisfied with this product.BE wary , the ending is very confusing!I still do n't know whose better , Thunder , or Lightning .
 we love all pajama sam games . even enjoy spy fox , and have enjoyed putt putt : -RRB-
 My kids play this game over and over , it 's different everytime and they learn fun stuff about Thunder and Lightning and problem solving . Highly Recommended !
 It 's an adventure game , and each time you play it , the necessary items to gather are not always in the same place . It takes logic skills to solve the game . An adult can typically go through the game in about an hour -LRB- yes , it 's kind of fun -RRB- . For my children , each of them as they enter that phase of childhood have enjoyed the Pajama Sam , Putt-Putt , and Freddi Fish series.Thunder and Lighting Are n't So Frightening is a very creative story and reminds me a little of the book Sector 7 -LRB- which I also recommend for children this age -RRB- .
 My problem is not with the quality of the Pajama Sam CD , which is fine , but with the description of the product . I mistakenly purchased the CD twice thinking that each Pajama Sam was a different version . The first Pajama Sam only said `` Pajama Sam
 This product was ordered with ease and arrived fast and when expected . Thank you .
 Intuit treat me -LRB- their customer -RRB- with complete contempt . Every year they make piecemeal upgrades to their software instead of sitting down to do the job properly with major releases every 3 to 4 years . MYOB is the small business accounting leader outside the US . My take is that MYOB spend their money on PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT whereas Intuit spend their money on ADVERTISING . I am a MYOB convert . The package is robust and has more features than Quickbooks . Still really the only choice for MULTIPLE CURRENCIES . Minor whiney comments like `` does n't print duplicate invoices '' -LRB- ever heard of multipart forms ??? -RRB- just do n't stack up . Software is very stable and quite intuitive . Excellent reporting features .
 I bought this package for purely nostalgic reasons , recalling all the fun I had playing some Simba 's Pride game a long time ago . Only problem , I have a Windows 7 computer . Out of the three games only The Lion King II - Simba 's Pride works properly for me , Gamebreak does n't even start , and Disney 's Adventures in Typing for some reason invert the colors , so everything is bright magenta . However , the games were not supposed to run under Win7 in the first place , so I ca n't really complain.Anyway , Simba 's Pride activities are somewhat childish , but that 's how I like them , so I had a lot of fun .
 I recently bought a copy of this collection and noticed that the box said The Lion King II Gamebreak at the bottom but , It was only the Timon and Pumbaa 's Jungle game included , I was a little dissapointed but , oh well . The three games were pretty fun , especially the Timon and Pumbaa 's Jungle Games . It relieved a little stress after a long day ; maybe it was the music ? I thought the The Lion King II Active play was a little childish but I still liked the activities as it was a little bit challenging , not really but , kind of . I would say the most educating game of the trio was th Adventures in typing with Timon and Pumbaa , as it also taught proper typing postures and other miscellaneous but , important skills -LRB- I think I need brush up on my typing skills -RRB- . I think this collection is great for the whole family because the different games are for different age levels and it also was fun for me , so ... I think it was a great buy and very worthwhile ; it includes three games , where could you find another deal like that ! Long Live The Lion King !
 My kids -LRB- 6 and 8 -RRB- were somewhat resistant to the idea of learning chess until I purchased this software . They loved the computer game , and now they love playing chess . They have learned the basic rules and are now learning strategy . The game is entertaining enough that , even when they were not winning , they continued to play . Now , they win some and are thrilled . I bought a second copy for the second grade classroom in the hopes that other kids would be similarly inspired.There are so many completely mindless computer games out there -- this one is not !
 We bought it 1 month ago to help my almost 6 year 's old sun to learn how to play because I did n't know how to play and I could n't teach him . As a result of this purchase1 -RRB- My sun fall in love with chess and become so good player that I could n't imagine2 -RRB- I -LRB- his mom -RRB- learned how to play too.It is so much fun to learn it that I would recommend it to anybody . It worth it every penny I spent . I like everything about this game . Kids will love it 100 % .
 This software is focused on learning the rules of the game . Movement of different pieces and pawns is demonstrated through an assortment of arcade-type games . There are some decent books for learning chess for beginners , but learning through a computer game program makes it much easier and more fun.The program does n't contain any instructions , so some people may find it frustrating figuring out what to do in the beginning . However , there is a symbol in the top right corner , clicking on which brings down the menu at which point navigating becomes a piece of cake.Just knowing the rules of the game enables one to play chess , but not exactly to win , so the second CD in this series -LRB- Learn to Play Chess 2 -RRB- continues where the first one left off and goes into different tactics and strategies.The software is recommended for 8 year-old children and older - kids at heart may have fun learning chess with this program also .
 This is amazing software . It starts simple , is fun without being irrelevant , and covers the very core of chess . I knew my 5 year old loved it , and played it for ages -LRB- up to an hour -RRB- , and I knew that the software had infinite patience , unlike me when he chose to do things wrong over and over again . But when I heard him explaining the en-passant rule and why `` a knight on the rim is ugly and dim '' I realized just how good the software was!After a few months of him playing this game a lot - but just when he felt like it - we are able to have a full game of chess together , me with only half of the pieces . I play as hard as I can and he regularly mates me with this set up , so I 'll have to start adding some pieces back soon.I did read that there is a correlation between playing chess and all sorts of mental and emotional development -LRB- unlike other games and activities -RRB- , so I am very happy with this state of affairs.Reader Rabbit is fine , and Winnie the Pooh etc , but they really just cover things that pre-school / kindergarten / reading to your child and just observing the world will handle . Software that can -LRB- over time -RRB- fully engage a very young child in chess is something else all together .
 Fritz and Chesster was the holiday hit at our house . It lives up to all the reviews . I was a little nervous about unleashing a five year old on it , but my daughter is hooked on the game and has worked her way up the levels of challenge with an intensity that I have n't seen her put into other things . And Bianca , Fritz 's queen , gives it a feminist angle.What I found most interesting was her ability -LRB- and interest -RRB- in going back to replay parts she had n't quite mastered conceptually even though she understood what she was challenged to do.The learning approach is very thought out , and previous criticism of the game is accurate . It is clearly a `` must buy '' if you think your child might be interested in chess .
 This is a great chess game . It comes with an animated tutorial and various games that teach young children how to move the chess pieces and also discusses beginning chess strategy . This is my second copy of the game the first one got scratch and I could no longer use it . In fact , the only bad thing I would say about the game is that it does n't completely install on your computer . In order to play the game you have to insert the disc in your computer .
 We purchased this for my 6 year old son and 7 year old daughter since both children have been asking me to help teach them how to play chess the last several months . While I have been able to get them started , I find that approach used in this software to introduce the game pieces and concepts has allowed their understanding of the game to grow.Both kids enjoy using this software and , if I would let them , would spend hours at a time using the software.My biggest issue with the software is the sound and animation . We continually have issues with the sound/animation not being in sync or the audio cutting in and out . We run this on a computer with plenty of processing power , memory , disk space , etc. . It does not bother this kids too much , but I find it annoying.All in all , a great tool to help my children learn the game .
 My 7-year old nephew loves it . Would play it all day long if allowed to .
 My kids used this to learn to play chess and became quite good too . I 'd highly recommend this game .
 I first checked out this CD from the public library and my son loves it.He is learning the basics while having fun , while his little sister is learning by his side .
 Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster 2
 My 7-year old son has loved playing this game as a way to learn chess . I would recommend it to others .
 There just is not anything else out there that teaches chess to kids so nicely !
 My young one do n't want to get off from game until I have to drag him away . It 's aboslute good program for the beginner .
 I recently bought this for my son 's seventh birthday . He has tried it out , and he enjoys it . I am pleased with the purchase .
 We 've had this software for about 4 years . Both our sons have learned to play chess from this program . The simple steps are great rather than throwing all the rules at them at once .
 I got this for my son -LRB- 6 -RRB- for Christmas . So far , he loves it . He has played it probably about 2-3 hours a day for three days straight . I have watched him a few times , and `` helped '' him when he needed it . It seems like a really great product for beginners . Instead of just telling how a peice moves , this program creates whole games involving the peice and how it moves . Then you get to put your new knowledge to the test by using that peice to put the king in checkmate , through different scenarios the game will devise . I have n't looked at every little detail about this software , but I know it keeps my son 's attention , and he is actually learning how to play the game . From what I 've seen , this is a quality game that actually is teaching my son how to play chess in a manner that keeps him learning in front of the computer for hours.I understand that they have a second version of this software that takes up where this one leaves off . Sounds like a must have for us.Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster 2
 My son and step son -LRB- 7 & 8 yr olds -RRB- will play this game for hours if I let them ! They go from the computer game to the ` real ' set to identify moves and strategies together . I 'm amazed at how patient they each are even through the instructive sections . I love that they 're learning chess and want to play chess , and this game provides a fun , motivating source for them to do so . I 'm not a big computer/video game fan , so am tickled pink that this is getting them off the computer and to the chess board .
 If You Get tired of playing Online because of limited opportunity then get this product.One can play as many games as one wants and the machine wo n't get tired at all . It is always there for one . I bought this and at times i play like around 10 games a day , while playing online is hard because at times there are some technicalities that human chess players bring to the table . You can not go wrong with this chess disc . The intelligence of the computer is so advanced that it will help you think and develop your skills.Just do a Walter Mitty , pretend you are Garry Kasparov and you are challenging the IBM Super Computer Chess Machine . I think you will find this disc exciting ! : - -RRB-
 I wanted a game that helped my 6 year old advance his interest in chess and this did the trick . He learned about how the pieces moved , their names , how to write the codes for the moves and had a great time doing it . If you never played chess or just want a game to learn more about strategies and technique - this is it .
 I purchased this program about three months ago because my children had expressed an interest in learning how to play chess . Since then my two older children -LRB- 9 and 7 -RRB- have completed the program from start to finish . -LRB- Although I already knew how to play chess , I also played the game from beginning to end as I do with all software that enters our home . -RRB- The program introduces chess in a stepwise fashion within the framework of a story involving protagonists -LRB- Fritz , Chesster , and Bianca -RRB- and their rival the King Black . At each stage , learning is reinforced with a series of rewards and intermediate goals . These rewards keep children enthusiastic and motivated through what can be a very lengthy learning process.The game starts by using a series of games to introduce the movement of the pieces . The heart of the game , however , is a series of training activities that reinforce different tactics and ideas in chess . The activities are challenging for beginners without being frustratingly difficult . My children were , for the most part , able to use the program independently , although in one or two places I had to sit and coach my 7-year-old . The 9-year-old completed the entire program in about 2 days , and my younger child took about a week . Even when completed , the program is not useless . The game serves as a chess program with levels of play ranging from very easy , to extremely hard . At the highest level , I suspect Chesster would beat the pants off even some of the most experienced players . If your child has more than a rudimentary understanding of chess , however , you probably would be best purchasing the second in this series instead.Referring to previous reviews , I am uncertain why other users found the program confusing and difficult to use . Yes , it is true that there is no manual included with the program , but I did not need one . I found the program to be intuitive , and even my three-year-old can load and play the program without assistance.As mentioned in other reviews , the graphics ARE simple . But , my children found the story engaging , and were amused by the characters . I found the interface to be clean , attractive , and appropriate for the purpose . The animation is storybook in style , and is simple enough so that the program is not a CPU-eating monster like some other graphics-heavy versions of chess.A few users mentioned that they disliked the chess pieces being represented as cartoon characters . I believe they are unaware that you can toggle between `` regular '' pieces and the character pieces at any point during the game . My son prefers to use the game with the standard pieces , and my daughter likes the cartoons . This has not stopped either of them from understanding what the `` regular '' pieces look like.There are a few drawbacks . The game starts by introducing the movement of the pieces with a series of strange arcade games . My children did n't really seem to connect these games to the movement of the pieces . -LRB- What does smashing toilets have to do with moving a bishop anyway ?? -RRB- I also found some of the dialog between the characters to be bordering on offensive , and some of the jokes to be inappropriate for the age level -LRB- for example , referring to a group of Queens as a harem -RRB- . Bianca asks far too many idiotic questions , and giggles way too much for my taste . She also says things like `` This is so overwhelimg '' in a tone of voice that reminds me of the brainless barbie dolls of years past . -LRB- Although some may not see this as sexist , I wonder why the male character does n't do much giggling ?? -RRB- Still , these are minor annoyances.Overall , I think this is a superb way to introduce children to the game of chess . Both my older children learned in a week or less , and are anxious to learn more . What else could you ask for in an educational program ?
 PROS : My kids loved it . I believe they now know how to play chess.Kids had a lot of fun learning the game.It puts the `` Fun '' back into playing chessEasy to follow - even my seven year old llearned on his own.CONS : It seems to be addictive , because I ca n't stop my kids from playing it.I not sure if this game has multiplayer mode , because my kids are always fighting over it ...
 I bought this game from a software club on a whim . My 7 and 8 year old boys were sort of interested in chess , and my husband 's name is Fritz . So I thought if I was lucky , the software could help them learn some of the basics of chess . It has FAR surpassed my expectations . They love it , and have spent HOURS playing it . They know how all the pieces move , have learned some of the finer points such as `` castling '' , and still keep playing . I hear them repeating the little rhymes that the program uses to help them remember different strategies ... `` a knight on the rim is ugly and dim '' ... `` pawns are afraid of nothing ; they move straight ahead '' , etc. . In just a couple of weeks , they know WAY more than I know about chess . I would love to have this program in my middle school classroom , as I think my students there would enjoy it , as well .
 Chess in not an easy game to teach , to learn or to play well . But it is a terrific game for children because it is fun , and it teaches logic and reasoning . My cousin 's seven year-old recently expressed an interest in chess , and was fascinated as I introduced the pieces to him , explained their functions and took him through some basic moves . I was so enthused by his enthusiasm , that I bought the `` Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster '' software , by Viva Media , which came highly recommended . His mother has been complaining ever since , that she can not drag him away from the PC . He is addicted and I can not figure out if this is a plus or a minus . Anyway , I have been challenged to a game next weekend , and I had better brush up.This is excellent software for true beginners . The player , -LRB- or two -RRB- , is engaged from the outset with an animated adventure storyline and simple , but entertaining , arcade games which introduce chess basics before moving on to a more advanced level . The plot features the wise King White and his Queen , who go to the seashore for a brief holiday . Their son , Prince Fritz , and his cousin Bianca , stand-in for the monarchs . Evil King Black seizes this opportunity to challenge the boy to a duel while his parents are away . Children put Fritz and Bianca through their paces at the Intelligym while they train their brains for the upcoming confrontation.First , however , six training games must be mastered . These games teach the move concepts for all of the chess pieces . After basic training , the player goes through three additional levels of chess activities using each of the pieces . When mastery of these levels is achieved , the player can move on to simulated games.Individual players are able to continue at their own pace . It is possible to move back , practice activities and brush-up on skills , although you can not move forward without successfully completing each level.All games , even serious ones like chess , should be fun . The powerful `` brain '' behind all this entertainment is the well known Fritz chess engine , used by grandmasters to train for tournaments . Winner of the 2003 Bologna New Media Prize , the program is very easy to install and navigate and is perfect for all ages , especially age 7 and up , -LRB- depending on the child -RRB- . The software program comes with free access to the -LRB- ... -RRB- Website , where players can participate in games for one year.This has been a most rewarding purchase . Not only is a little boy I love learning to play an extraordinary game , but I have gained another chess partner.JANA
 an excellent chess program for all ages . My 5 yo loves it . Shipping was fast and exactly as advertised .
 This was a great game for my 6 year old son . He 's been playing chess for about 6 months and knows the basics . I wanted him to start to learn and understand strategy . This software reinforced the basic principles of the game , plus taught him some things that the book we checked out of the library did n't tell him . When he and I started playing regular games on his chess board , I was amazed at the strategies he was employing and the moves he was making based on what he learned from this computer game . Even my husband , who is a very good chess player , enjoyed playing the computer game and it gave father and son yet another fun activity to share . I highly recommend this product for young children at any level .
 My 6 year old son learned to play chess so well using this game that he is challenging me . He says it is more fun than playing a video game on X-Box . This CD uses `` games '' to teach how each of the pieces move . The kids do n't even realize they are learning to play chess ! There is a grading system , and when the kids are ready , they can play a real game against the computer using the `` characters '' they just learned to move . You can adjust the skill level so anyone from beginner to advanced will enjoy it . I even like playing it !
 As of the time of writing of this review , I have 3 children aged 5 and 3/4 , 41/3 , and 2.5 years old . ALL THREE fully enjoy the game -LRB- my youngest , though , keeps on saying `` I want to play ` Chesster the Rat ! ' '' -RRB- . For the 2.5 year old , I would say it 's only good if you have a LARGE monitor -LRB- and for playing chess on a chessboard , a LARGE board -RRB- . I think kids still need to develop hand-eye coordination and the like -- they ca n't seem to make diagonals straight , nor even the straights where the Rook traverses . My two older ones , though , have no problem.As one of the reviews here said , some games look questionable in teaching the movements of the pieces -LRB- the pac-man type game to show Rooks -RRB- , and the smashing of toilet bowls . I did n't quite get it . HOWEVER , I 'm not an expert , so maybe there is an underlying subliminal type of teaching.One great thing is about this title is the GRAPHICS . It 's very simple , cartoony , and not one of those ultra-eye-candy type that abound in video games . If you 're a parent , kinda like comparing the nice pastel-type and uncluttered cartoon of Pooh/Heffalump with a great story that keeps you hook vis-a-vis something that has gratuitous eye candy to hold a youngster 's attention -LRB- something I think does n't help brain development ... -RRB- . BUT ... HERE 'S THE BOTTOMLINE
 My six year old loves the program . He plays it often , and gets excited when he wins a game against the computer .
 This is a very easy program for users of any age . Lots of fun and repetition for the little ones to learn how to play easily and quickly . Fun for everyone too !
 I highly recommend this software . The kids will love it ... I think you will too !! The software teaches you chess 's basics concepts to actually playing a competitive game . Buy it now !!! I 've purchased 4 copies already for kids in my family .
 My kids -LRB- ages 6 and 9 -RRB- love this product -LRB- the chester series -RRB- and I would strongly recommend to parents who wants to introduce chess in a fun way . The software introduces chess fundamentals with a series of non-chess games . Awarding of trophies in the game is a great plus . My kids like to get those trophies in these games and infact they now turn into actual chess trophies -LRB- in real chess tournaments -RRB- !!!
 My seven year old is totally engrossed in this . It 's a great learning tool because they are playing games that have more meaning in the story to learn certain basics . The toilet smashing bishop training was pretty hysterical . My son freaked out when he tied Grandpa White for the lead.Chess is about practicing patterns and these patterns do n't emerge much in games when kids play . I taught my son to play , but he does n't want to do drills to learn pawn combat of mating patterns . With a game like this , they get to focus on core chess patterns , as well as feel victorious when doing these drills.As an interesting fact regarding chess patterns and repetition - in memory studies , Grandmasters who are famous for recalling chess board layouts from past games did only marginally better then the general population when asked to memorize RANDOM arrangements of chess pieces on the board . It 's all in the patterns.The animation and characters are great . The voice acting great . Love it.By the way - there is a `` Chess Complete '' version that has all three games on 1 disk . Amazon does n't list it , but I got it from the Apple Store for my Mac . # 3 , interestingly , is only on Amazon for Windows , but it does exist for Macs as seen in the Chess Complete product . As Amazon does n't sell the complete version , I am mentioning this here .
 I first saw this product when a friend 's child was using it . He really liked it . I then bought it for another child who asked me to teach her to play chess . She told me , `` It 's really fun and I like the computer game a lot . '' She was working on teaching me how to play better . It 's fun , it 's easy , and I 've learned stuff .
 This is my first review but I just felt compelled to tell everyone about this terrific program . I bought this game when my children were in Kindergarten and second grade . Fritz and Chester 's program is so engaging . There are rhymes and chants for each piece 's moves as well as for some other `` strategy-type '' moves . For example , `` A knight on the rim is ugly and dim . '' What a great way to teach kids to keep their knights in-play ! This program teaches kids how pieces move and some simple strategies . I would recommend getting Fritz and Chester 2 now since you are going to get it after your kids learn to play ! My boys both joined chess teams when they were in first and third grade . Their use of this computer game gave them the advantage to win several chess games in tournaments . Fritz and Chester 2 is also great and my boys , now in third and sixth grade , still play it !
 I am a chess player myself , so I can endorse this even more . This software is well designed , it can get a little difficult to get to some exercises inside it , but kids can figure it out eventually . My son has improved his play quite a bit even though he takes hints sometimes :-RRB- , but this is a good software to get the kids started and teach them all the requisite skills to become a chess player
 Great product . I 'm learning how to play chess for the first time , as well as my 7 year old son ... However , tech support is not the best - my program gets an error message during the IntelliGym , and ca n't move forward . I contacted the tech people via e-mail , but it took them nearly two weeks to get back to me . Suggested solution did n't work , and have n't heard back from them yet . Hopefully , you wo n't have any tech problems , then you 'd love the product , I 'm sure . -LRB- I think my problem might be my OS , which is W2000 - even though the product discription in Amazon states it works with W2000 , the CD I have says 95 , 98 , ME , XP . So W2000 uesrs be aware ... -RRB-
 `` Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster '' will help you understand how the game of Chess is played . I have never played Chess before in my life and i now understand it . What got me motivated to buy this Cd rom was the positive reviews that some caring parents put on here . Do n't let the bad reviews discourage you . This is great stuff . The story is great , and funny and the constant repetition of the rules , etc. , will help you understand how the game is played . The price is worth it , and i recommend this to all young kids , teens , and adults who wanted to give Chess a try but for some reason just did not have the time to pick it up , etc. . The way everything is explained is approachable , direct and positive . Your child/teen/or adult spouse will learn how to play . In the game , one will play against a Mouse who is A Chess Master.The CdRom works with Windows XP.This is what it states on the box , and it says the following : '' This is children 's software at its best-fun , creative , and instructive '' -LRB- USA Today , Rated 5/5 -RRB- . This is Rated `` E '' this is for Everyone .
 This is an excellent chess tutorial for all ages of kids . It works as a game , a story , and as a chess lesson.The really nice part about it is the order of presentation of the material , it combines how the pieces move with what they can do . A more natural choice would be to separate them -LRB- e.g. , here 's how a bishop moves , then later , here 's how a bishop can checkmate -RRB- , but the combination of the two gives kids a concrete goal , rather than rote memorization.Those reviews that say `` What do these arcade games have to do with chess ? '' have not played far enough into the game , because only when you get to the Intelligym , at the end of the path , does the program make the direct connection between the arcade games and chess then.My 4 year old is entranced with it , and is now seeing three move checkmates on the board.My only complaint with the program is that when someone does something incorrect , the criticism can be a bit too blunt , rather than encouraging , but it only makes my son more determined to get it right the next time .
 This is an excellent piece of chess software for kids . However , it is not as good as Dinosaur Chess , particularly for younger kids . Many of the mini-games and activities are not really chess related , there is a cool , but long narrative to navigate through.Overall , the software does not teach chess in a pedagogical fashion suitable for younger children . For instance , the first chess concept taught in Fritz and Chesster part I is `` Opposition '' . This is a somewhat advanced end-game concept that is taught with a sumo-wrestlers mini-game . I 've played ~ 100 games of casual chess over 20 years without any knowledge of the concept of the `` Opposition '' . My five year old could not relate the somo-wrestler mini-game with the battle of kings during the end-game . One would think that learning how to move the simpler pieces -LRB- like rooks and bishops -RRB- would the first thing taught by beginner software.Fritz and Chesster targets children ages 8-13 , while Dinosaur Chess targets children ages 4-7 . Get Dinosaur Chess for younger children .
 Thanks to this program my 6 year old son is well on his way to becoming a decent chess player . He expressed interest in chess after watching the first Harry Potter but lacked -LRB- aged 4 and 5 at the time -RRB- the patience to learn the proper moves . This game does just that with a variety of mini-games which teach those moves while while retaining his interest . The skills taught in this game have easily transferred to the board game which has become a family favorite . He is now the proud owner of his very own chess set -LRB- one of his Christmas list wishes -RRB- . We will be purchasing the second one shortly .
 I have one child on the autism spectrum , and one with ADHD . They were 7 when they got this , and they did indeed learn to play chess . It looks confusing and disorganized to me , as an adult , but it reached my special needs children and taught them . Now they play us . I would recommend it ias a gift also .
 I was looking for a way to teach my 51/2 year old son more about chess . I had taught him how the pieces move , but since I never learned anything more than that -LRB- such as basic checkmates -RRB- , I could n't help . I considered Dinosaur Chess , but it seemed that the emphasis was more on teaching how the pieces move , and my son had mastered that . I was a little wary of buying Fritz and Chesster because it was unclear whether reading was required . Well , it 's not . My five year old son and my seven year old daughter both love this program . I 've been playing it too so that I can keep up with them , and it is challenging and instructive for me as well . My daughter was able to master all of the games with no help . My son has needed me to sit with him and help him in the latter part of the program.The first games teach how the pieces move . The arcade style games are fun , and the graphics are completely appropriate for young kids . Both of my children really liked the characters and the story . After you have mastered those games , you are introduced to your `` trainer '' Chesster , who teaches basic checkmates and other strategies . In one game , you are given a configuration of pieces on the board , and asked to achieve checkmate within a certain number of moves , usually either 1 , 2 , or 3 . These chess puzzles are challenging , but not discouraging , even for my son -LRB- although he did need some help -RRB- . Both of my kids have learned a great deal from this program -- and so have I ! My son already liked chess when I got this program , but he is growing to love it more through Fritz and Chesster . I could not be happier .
 Easy to load . Easy to understand . Allows one to gain immediate knowledge of how to play Chess . Highly recommend this package for anyone who has never played chess .
 What an awesome program ! Fantastic methodology for learning chess . Great story line and animation . First class . Great Christmas gift .
 This is a very well designed teaching tool for young people -- but it did not attract our grandchild , now 7 and he 's here at the moment as I write this . He loves `` hacking '' the computers at our house , at home and at school -LRB- which is a problem as tech services needs t obe frequently called in to undo his experimenting -RRB- -- but he is not attracted to the discipline of rules -- certainly not the rules of chess -- or checkers for that matter . He 's an experimenter -- gears , wheels , icons , screen savers , but not so much formal games however cleverly introduced or devised . And , it is still too advanced for his 4 year old sister . My advice
 Overall , I give this product two enthusiastic thumbs-up . Its `` navagability '' is not quite as free-form as many other children 's software titles . This might frustrate some older kids , especially those who already know the rules of the game and could get impatient . Probably wo n't be an issue to most users . My 7-yr-old had already been playing chess for a few weeks and did n't seem to mind very much . I regard this design strategy as kind of a trade-off . Some imposed structure is probably necessary in order to grasp the concepts adequately . She has defnitely improved her skills & awareness by going through what some might call `` wordy '' -LRB- mandatory -RRB- modules at the beginning.We have n't gotten to the most advanced parts of the game yet . Still I can say without hesitation that this is a wonderful product , one especially good to to experience _ with _ your child . Some of the built-in games -LRB- like smashing the toilets -RRB- are clearly a hit with kids . Who would have thought this would also teach you how a bishop moves?Just a little more flexibility with navigation would have pushed my rating up to 5 .
 I searched around for a long time looking for a good chess game for kids . I wanted more than just another `` chess '' game that starts out with the board and you just make moves . I bought this one based on many positive reviews here and elsewhere.This is by far one of the best games we own , and we own a lot . It has great graphics , sound , animation , and funny characters . It has lots of mini-games and strategy building sessions . As you complete sessions , you advance through the game and unlock rooms and harder players . Of course , you can always just play a great game of chess with it as well.My 5 year old plays it by himself with no trouble at all . I find myself playing it as well after the kids go to sleep . It really is fun for all ages .
 My 7 yr old boy has been playing this program for several hours and loving it . He has some limited chess experience but I do n't think any chess experience is necessary . The software tells an engaging story and has numerous `` games '' that seem to teach aspects of chess without him noticing . He just thinks it 's fun.No parental supervision necessary ... he seems to be able to navigate the program on his own.Good stuff .
 Learn the game of chess by using this simple to use chess program . Everything is fun and direct in its explanation.In a couple of days you will know the pieces and how they are utilized on the board . Second , Lennox Lewis , former World boxing Champion is a chess player himself . This is the easiest way to learn this classic thinking game . You ca n't go wrong . Do n't listen to the negative reviews on this board ... anyone can learn how to play Chess . Learn to play Chess with Fritz and Chesster is worth it
 My kids love this program . It 's really a fun program .
 this is a nice treat because everything is layered and simple to understand . i never thought this game would be so beautiful in understanding . great thing viva media created it . if this technology existed back then then the game would be very approachable to all . important message
 Our 7-year old loves this program and is learning chess the fast , fun and easy way .
 these cd rom programs are a great teaching tool for one to learn how to play the game of chess . it does not get any easier than this . i actually ordered the first one again along with the second part to fritz and chesster . why ? because everything explained is in easy steps along with being fun at the same time . there are some reviews on here which say that everything is slow . everything is slow in the beginning because it is a story , and the cd rom program can not be fast forwarded at all . just go through the story and get practice then one will be able to go to the arena and challenge chesster the rat . so these cd roms are recommended-part 1 and part 2 . i got inspired to pick this up -LSB- this game -RSB- by reading on people such as pierre st. amant and howard staunton .
 This game is wonderful . It tought my 6 and 7 year old to play chess . It has a very fun game like quality .
 If you have never played Chess before in your life please by this item . I learned how to play Chess in about a month with this CD-ROM program . It tells one -LRB- explains to one -RRB- how to play the game and when one is ready , then one may play against `` Chesster the Rat . '' This game requires patience.Please , do n't listen to anyone out there -LRB- including old and young chessmasters from any country including this one : USA -RRB- , this product is from Germany , and 99 % percent of their products in anything -LRB- from the Rhineland -RRB- are awesome.I recommend this product to home school parents , their kids , to public and private schools who are thinking of getting a new Chess program , to older adults who never learned to play the game because of complex Chess teachers . This will indeed help you to know what the pieces are all about , etc. . Like i said , In about a month you will be ready to play the game.I always like playing against the machine ; Thank God for this beautiful program.Learn to play chess with Fritz and Chesster is worth it.This is also available for MacIntosh as well as for XP Windows.Practice is the best teacher !
 It 's still too early to tell if this game will help instill an interest in Chess or not , but my daughters love playing this game .
 When it comes to introducing children to the game of chess , this is the best program on the market available to English speaking community . If your child already knows the moves and plays occasionally , this program is Fun , but not as useful.Combination of Arcade-type games & well designed steps introducing chess work real well with children . I have tried this program with several students and it was great in generating their interest and keeping their attention . Of course , for parents who either have no skills , or time , or both , using this program is a must first step in teaching their kids to play chess.Graphics are great , games are fun and teaching approach is good.The program can be improved somewhat : Pacman-type game does n't seem to relate very well to the Rook intro,Pinball-type toilet crushing with the ball moving diagonally , is a strange way to introduce the Bishop , Emphasizing so much an issue of Opposition , is n't a best for teaching kids about the importance and value of the King , Also , there are many conversation , some with humor , but you ca n't skip them if you wish . Some jokes might be a little offensive.Focus on checkmates when introducing pieces as oppose to more common approach - such as visiting squares , attacking and taking pieces.On the positive side : All arcade games are very captivating and will keep your child interested in exploring the game , thus indirectly learning chess , Arcade games introducing Queen & , especially , Pawn are very chess related , Ability to play a complete games with limited number of pieces is very helpful , This is the ONLY tool on the market employing such a unique methodology that will definitely appeal to children.Bottom line - this is a must buy for families with young kids who DO NOT know the rules . For others , consider this game as well as the latest ChessMaster on the market.Good luck!Copyrighted by me
 We have had this game for less than a week , and like a previous review , my 8 year-old daughter absolutely loves it . The school my daughter is attending this fall requires all of the children to play chess for 30 minutes or so prior to instruction . I was a little nervous of how to possibly teach her , since I have only played sparingly throughout my life . I know the basic moves , and not much more . Not ever touching a chess piece before , she learned all of the basics of the game in less than 2 days . She played for several hours at a time , and it was hard to get her off the computer.I think the key to games success is that it instructs the player on the pieces , moves and object of the game without seeming like it is teaching . There are multiple mini-games within the actual game that slowly build to a point where the player knows all the moves of an actual game of chess . I will have to update my review after I play through the game myself , because on the first game I played with my daughter , she constantly corrected me .
 My daughter is 8 and I recently bought this for her . She 's never played chess before and her attention span can be somewhat limited at times . I played this game for a little while before letting her play -LRB- she had chores to finish and so I could see if it was something she 'd be able to do -RRB- . At first I was a little worried , some of the arcade games seemed to me to be too hard and not have enough instructions . At any rate I loaded it up and let her play , and she spent over 6 hours in one weekend totally absorbed and loving every minute of it . Some of the arcade games were too hard so she just skipped those , I do n't know if it will have any negative effect on her later game play , but so far so good ! Anything that is educational and can keep a child absorbed for so long is well worth the money . I hope she finishes the game so she and I can play chess together !
 My daughter is going to be 5 next month and she loves chess a lot . We started with Chessmaster 's training but it frequently required a lot of assistance from us to sit with her as Chessmaster 's UI -LRB- 9000 -RRB- is buggy in a lot of respects -LRB- So adults can figure around some of them but kids may have difficulty -RRB- . A week or so back , I got this one -LRB- when it was released -RRB- and since then , my daughter has already done a number of the puzzles in it and really enjoys it . If you want your child to do chess , I would definitely recommend it .
 My daughter is 8 and she 's wanted to learn to play chess for a while . So , I got out the board and attempted to teach her . But it is just one of those things -- I can play better than I can teach . Needless to say , we did n't get far that way.Several weeks ago I was looking at something online and noticed a review on another site for this game . I investigated more and could n't find a single negative review of it on any site . Think how rare that is ! So I purchased it for my daughter.After she installed it , she played it almost non-stop for hours . This went on for a few days . Since I did n't spend a lot of time looking over her shoulder I asked her how she felt about the game . She thinks this game is a winner . The way they break down the game so you become intimate with the characteristics of each piece is wonderful . They also spend time getting a child to be able to understand certain strategies and I think they do it well . Their mini-games are just right , in my opinion.She 's now playing chess against the game and winning some and losing some , depending on the level she plays . But she feels good having learned the game and I think it actually helped her confidence a bit , too . I guess it feels good to be 8 and able to say , `` Why yes , I play chess . ''
 In our homeschool group , this program came highly recommended . It 's obvious as to why . My 5 year old son played this game the first week for hours each day . We limit the time spent now , but it 's difficult when you know it 's educational and so much fun!It 's a blast listening to him recite the rules taught by Chesster . `` A Knight on the Rim is Ugly and Dim '' . `` At first , the Rook hangs about . But at the end , he knocks the King out . '' When the puppy annoys him , he now hollers , `` Checkmate ! '' at her . Absolutely cracks us up.Now that it 's been a few weeks , he 's been playing real games against his father - and winning ! -LRB- Granted , Daddy has n't played in 20 years or so . -RRB- I did not learn how to play chess until we purchased this game . I 'm enjoying it thoroughly as an adult . Naturally , I progressed through the lessons faster , and now love getting in a quick game in the morning before the kids wake up.Note
 Purchased this for an energetic 5-year old known as my son!To summarize
 I have a five year old and my husband is teaching him how to play chess . We bought this game because he LOVES to play on the computer . This game is AWESOME ! He played it for hours straight . It is a really fun way to learn the moves and strategies of the game . My husband even learned a few things he did n't know . I think it is one of those games that is definitely worth the money !
 I really like this computer game because it uses parts-to-whole instruction - it introduces each chess piece separately with an interesting strategy game that teaches how it moves.Kids have to master the strategy games for each piece before they are given a chance to play with a full board.But more important than MY impressions are those of my kids - 6 and 8 , boy and girl , - who just LOVE this game and cheer each other on . I am thrilled to have them captivated by a `` thinking '' game . They have generalized their interest in chess to a real board too - they do not just play the game on the computer.Another note - while I personally enjoy the graphics , they are not sophisticated or realistic , but more like illustrations in a children 's book.Definitely worth the money .
 Great teaching tool ! I have a K , 2nd and 4th grader learning to play with it . I would only change two things
 My 11 year old boy loves this chess training software . It is has taught him chess how to move and the tactics of every chess piece , which has made him a much better chess player . The only drawback is that you can not stop and go back to where you left off , but you have to start all over again , which was very frustrating to my boy . I hope they fixed this problem in the subsequent additions of this software .
 Chess , the game of kings . So many pieces with different ways of moving . So much history with thousands of known tournaments , great names , and tactics.Lets face it , to someone new to chess , this can be an intimidating game.This software uses a subtle and humorous , often tongue-in-cheek , approach to teaching kids how to play chess . No , this is n't the greatest graphics you will see on a computer , but it is entertaining while teaching you or your kids how to play chess.Understand , this is for beginners . If you are a chess devotee at any level , this may be charming to downright obnoxious all depending on your outlook.If you want to take a light and fun approach to learning chess this is a great adventure.There are gentle lessons for how each piece moves.Learning how a bishop moves includes smashing toilets -LRB- without being offensive or crass -RRB- . The smashing noise is so perfect that it is one of my kids favorite activities.The queen lesson is hokey as are a few others.The knight and pawn lessons appear simple , but it takes a few tries to `` get it '' . The software could use better instructions , but keep the sound on and move your cursor around the screen and you will figure it out . Always watch the cursor and try the right side of the screen when you think the scene should be moving forward.Basic strategies are also taught and you get to play various opponents who range from easy to moderately difficult to beat . A good way to build confidence by beating some opponents early with what you have learned , but then being challenged by better opponents later.All in all , this is the best beginning software for kids -LRB- and light hearted grown-ups -RRB- to get started with the game .
 Since receiving this game , my children have been playing it almost every day . They have learned so much about chess that they are already beyond their mother 's chess ability.I never knew learning chess could be so painless .
 Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster is an effective way for kids to learn to play Chess . Our 7-year-old learned to play via this game . Our 4-year-old saw his brother 's interest in this computer game and became instantly mesmerized with the animated Chess pieces and learned as well ! Our little guy was playing Chess with friends within a couple of weeks , teaching other children his age how to play ! He does n't have a long attention span , but the way this software introduces the different moves of each piece in simpler mini-games designed to teach just one particular move at a time helped him focus long enough to learn the rules . Very much worth the money , and then some ! HIGHLY recommended !
 Both my kids loved this game and learned how to play Chess fairly well with it . -LRB- Ages 5 & 7 -RRB- It is thoroughly enjoyable , has levels that get harder as you go . It keeps track of individual progress and does n't let you go to the harder levels until you 've mastered the lower levels . The first level is very easy and very entertaining . My 5 year old loved smashing toilets and looked forward to filling the trophy cabinet . This is a super kid friendly game and a very worthwhile purchase . -LRB- I did buy it through Scholastic at school for much less . -RRB-
 This is excellent stuff , unlike Chess for Junior book . Kids will stay entertained for hours with this software .
 obtaining this item was the best thing that happened in my life when it came to learning this complex sport . if it were n't for this disc i probably would have missed out on alot . once you get the hang of it , you will like it alot . the way everything is taught will make you smile , yes , it is that positive .
 Children 's software really needed a title like this one . Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster is a tad slow-moving at times , but its system is quite effective and the story very charming . Slowly but surely , kids learn the basics of the game of chess as they follow Fritz and his cousin Bianca through the castle grounds . The story is that Fritz 's parents , the King and Queen , have decided to take a vacation , leaving Fritz and Bianca as stand-in royalty . The conniving King Black jumps on the opportunity to challenge the `` king '' to a duel -- a chess duel ! Fritz will need to brush up on his chess skills before he takes up the challenge , and that 's where kids step in.As Fritz and Bianca make their way through the kingdom toward the Intelligym , they encounter a series of mini-games that help acquaint players with simple moves and strategies involved in the game . For example , the acceptable moves of the king piece are compared to sumo wrestlers!Once they arrive at the Intelligym , kids begin a series of interactive lessons before they can `` duel '' with King Black . Piece by piece , kids learn acceptable moves and plays , and they practice what they learn.What sets this title apart is its story line . Children do n't just jump in and learn chess . Instead , they follow an animated adventure . Also , the mini-games and lessons are strong and , oftentimes , quite clever . Playing chess requires a fair amount of patience , and it exercises logical thinking skills . Kids need to plan ahead as they play . This game offers kids opportunities to pick up the basics as well as a few strategies that will help them along the way .
 This Deluxe Edition is the best than ever since I used several softwares from different company . Featuring two years worth of robust curriculum , Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- French Deluxe offers a convenient , comprehensive language study solution . Whether you 're planning a vacation , traveling for work , or just brushing up your skills for fun , the award-winning Learn to Speak -LRB- tm -RRB- program brings your goals within reach . Download lessons to your iPod -LRB- tm -RRB- or MP3 player and learn on the go!Features : * Over 50 lessons and hundreds of exercises representing 2 years ' worth of curriculum * Sophisticated speech recognition * Audio CD featuring coordinated lessons * IPOD -LRB- tm -RRB- and MP3 lessons for learning on-the-go * Printed reference book for learning away from the PC * PDA Dictionary with over * 15,000 translations * Printable grammar exercises * Flexible curriculum structure to customize your learning experience * Simulated conversations , cultural movies and games
 3.5 stars.But otherwise pleased . Version 7.0 w/XP Pro , osx 10.4.6 . I had to update the `` additions '' which turned out to be crucial for mouse movement between worlds , for example.Everything was suprisingly simple ; I did n't have to capture and release usb devices , the virtual printer driver was already wating for me when I went to print -LRB- I ran the wizard and all was well -RRB- . I 'm running the win-doze programs I need to , and for that I 'm quite happy . I did n't fork out this much money for my beautiful Mac and 23 '' HD monitor so I can do the crunch work on some cheap thinkpad ! If I 'm going to actually work , give me the luxury!I did n't have to set up shared folders ; after the `` additions '' were updated - very easy process which took about 30 seconds - it was just drag from my Mac desktop and drop in the windows folder of choice . `` Copying from host to guest '' apppeared and that was that ; brilliantly mac-like . I 'm relieved with how the install went , but its so slow , p-r-i-n-t-i-n-g , resizing , copying , everything . But it does what it claims .
 Product works as advertised . It is slower than a native windows box but I was aware of that when I purchased it . It serves my needs in allowing me to get at windows based software that may not be available for the Mac yet . Do n't regret getting it .
 WORKS AS I EXPECTED IT OT . NO PROBLEMS . THE ONLY THING I HAVE NOT FIGURED OUT IS HOW TO MAKE IT `` FASTER '' THAN THE 397MHZ CPU SPEED AT WHICH IT THINKS IT IS OPERATING . THAT MAY BE SOMETHING THAT I 'M NOT SMART ENOUGH TO ACCOMPLISH , OR IT IS INHERENT IN THE PROGRAM . MAYBE IT CA N'T OPERATE ANY FASTER IN THE VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TOOL AS A HUGE ASSET FOR ANY MAC OWNER WHO ALSO NEEDS TO OPERATE WINDOWS PROGRAMS , ESPECIALLY THOSE THAT WERE CREATED WITH PROPRIETARY WINDOWS PROGRAMING THAT WILL NOT FUNCTION ON ANY OTHER PLATFORM .
 Setting aside the licensing -LRB- bundling with/without various OS configurations -RRB- , pricing -LRB- continuing upgrades -RRB- , and performance issues compared to older versions -LRB- if you have a G5 , you do n't have a choice -RRB- , VPC 7.0 is , without doubt , one of the handier tools you can have in your software arsenal.As long as you have plenty of disk space -LRB- to create the virtual PC hard discs -RRB- and plenty of available RAM -LRB- the more you can allocate to the guest system , the better -RRB- , it 's practically as good as having a second PC without the hardware.Some of the niftier features include : - ability to ` grab ' floppy/CD images without having the actual physical media -LRB- use runtime Linux OS iso images without having to actually install , test out BeOS to see what OS X could have been like , etc. -RRB- - ability to run multiple OS environments without having to disrupt your existing OS X environment -LRB- reboot , shutdown , reset your virtual machine with a click -RRB- - saved state of guest OSes so you do n't have to shut down and can pick up from where you left offSome caveats : - installation of guest OSes can sometimes be painfully slow , especially on slower Macs - while Windows OSes seem to be OK , running alternative operating systems such as Linux will have trouble syncing system time after restoring from saved state - less than ideal PC performance for any high-end computing -LRB- especially compared to Virtual PC 2004 on Windows which is quite fast -RRB-
 I am able to run any pc program on my mac . I did have to run down a liscenced version of Windows to be able to run this version .
 I was n't sure when I bought this item . I have been a Windows user for ever , but bought an iBook a few years ago , and got hooked on the iPod , iTunes , and you name it in the Mac world . I have been pretty happy , except of course , for the fact that there were a few programs that I could not use on the Mac.The Virtual PC was one option , or I could own both a Windows PC and a Mac . The last thing I wanted to do was have my stuff distributed between 2 computers , so I figured I would give the Virtual PC a try . After reading the mixed reviews , I was not expecting the best.Well , its not bad . . ! Its slow , but then , so is Windows . Actually , in some regards , my Microsoft Money program works faster in Virtual PC than it did in Windows XP!I use it on a Powerbook with 512MB of Ram . Like I said , not bad . Dont expect the stars - if you want to play games , why do you need to do it in Virtual PC ?
 Based on the negative performance reviews - I almost did n't give Virtual PC a chance.I 'm a recent convert to Mac , having spent the last 14 years in PC/UNIX environments . Doing graphics and web development now , I had hoped the move to Mac would be fairly painless - and it has been , with one exception . Two programs that I use significantly are PC-only , and after months of searching , there 's just simply not anything on OSX that has the comparable functionality.And , when testing browser compatibility it 's just as arrogant for Mac designers to ignore testing on the PC browsers as it is for PC designers to ignore the Mac browsers.So , I was faced with three choices
 As web designers who work exclusively on the Mac platform , we have found it difficult sometimes to view the way designs behave and appear to a PC user since we do not have access to a PC . With limited desk space and resources it does n't seem practical to purchase a PC , Virtual PC 7 for Mac has helped solve this issue.We run G5s here in the studio and this program is a savior . Not only does it free up room from extra hardware it allows us to view our work as 95 % of the world would see it.Though at times it 's not as lightening fast as I would hope it to be , it is quick enough , does what we need it to do and makes our job much easier.I would recommend this product to any G5 user looking to add Windows to there Mac environment arsenal.Robert Pfeifer | Creative Directorhttp : / / www.effusiondesign.com
 I 've been using Virtual PC for about six months now and I am satisfied . I use Virtual PC to run Microsft Money and QuickBooks on a G5 with 1GB of RAM , of which 700MB is allocated to Virtual PC.Using an emulator can be slow . But I 've found that if you use one program at a time , it responds well . In other words , if you stay in Quickbooks and do n't swap over to AppleMail , Safari , etc , the program running in the emulator works reasonably well.Surprisingly , I have n't run across any Windows issues . Installation of Virtual PC and Windows XP , Money and Quickbooks all occurred without any concerns . I have not experienced any BSDs -LRB- Blue Screens of Death -RRB- or any other hang ups.When running Virtual PC , the G5 will not go into sleep mode . So , if you leave your G5 running all day and night like I do , the energy savings mode will not kick in.If you need to run more complex programs in Virtual PC , I suggest that you max out the RAM at 2GB and devote as much as possible to the Virtual PC.One minor annoyance is that when swapping between programs , sometimes it take Virtual PC a long time to respond . So say you are working in Safari and you then move into Virtual PC . It can sometimes take 15-20 secs before Virtual PC responds.UPDATE One annoying issue that presents itself too often is this
 Had someone suggested to me last year that I would be giving Virtual PC a five-star rating , I would have told them that they were nuts . But as a long-time Mac user who has to run a couple of PC financial programs , I have to say that for my purposes , VPC7 has finally hit the sweet spot.Even before I upgraded to a 2 gig Dual G5 -LRB- 2.5 Gb RAM -RRB- from my 733 Quicksilver G4 -LRB- 1.13 Gb RAM -RRB- , I noticed a speed and features improvement from VPC6 to VPC7 . The thing has been rock-solid , with much improved printing , file sharing , and saving options . On the G5 , Windows and Windows programs are -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- , dare I say it , positively zippy . This is true not only for Win98SE , but also for XP Home , which I am using straight out of the box , with no slimming down or disabling of services . I am at last freed from PC hardware lust when working in my Windows apps . Suprisingly , I am even finding for the first time that things are running faster in XP than in 98 . A warning
 I 've owned previous copies of Virtual PC for a couple of Macs that I have had through the years . I bought Virtual PC for Mac 7.0 to use on my new iMac G5 , because I need a Windows solution for a couple of programs that I need to use . I did n't want to have a separate PC lying around for the few times that I need , so this was the best option.This program runs great and is actually very fast if you take care of a few things beforehand.Number 1 , I would recommend Windows 2000 with Service Pack 4 as the optimal Windows OS to use with Virtual PC . Windows 2000 has fairly low requirements , and runs much faster than Windows XP . If you must use Windows XP , be sure to turn off all the eye candy that comes with XP . Use the menu settings to have Windows XP look bland like Windows 2000 , and it will save on processor usage.Number 2 , install the guest Windows OS on an external Firewire or USB hard drive . Most of the time when any OS is running slow , it is because disk access time is holding things up - not because of a lack of processing power . Keeping data flowing to and from the processor through separate channels vastly speeds up regular usage . If you have Mac OS X and Windows running from the same hard drive the two operating systems are constantly fighting for disk access in the background , slowing things down . By keeping Windows on a separate hard drive , the Virtual PC program has exclusive access to a fast hard drive . When using a separate Firewire disk for my Windows 2000 installation , my 2.1 Ghz G5 processor does just fine running Windows . I find that the Windows program runs just as fast as any other PC I have used .
 It takes forever to get this to work . I could n't get XP Pro to run at all , but regular XP worked eventually . After that , there 's the song and dance about registering the Windows software with Microsoft , which took about 5 tries , but eventually did work . -LRB- I was using the software that came with my Dell ; I have no explanation for why I had to keep entering the same data over and over before finally I got a product code that Microsoft 's robot would accept . -RRB- After that , I run only the simplest of programs-some high school educational stuff-but it works fine -LRB- if you do n't mind wading through a couple of error messages on startup that say everything is n't fine but do n't worry about it -RRB- . Bottom line
 After years of surfing without virus protection , I finally installed McAfee Virus Scan . I knew I had a virus , probably a Trojan , and I suspected that somehow I had spyware on my computer . I loaded the program , installation was simple . It immediately found an infected file . Once I updated the sdats I performed a complete scan.It found 2 trojans , and 16 infected files . These were automatically removed . It also detected 15 questional programs -LRB- probably spyware -RRB- that I did not knowingly install . I was able to remove most of them.I did end up re-formatting my pc , because I was unable to remove 2 suspicious files , not even manually.Mcaffe is also scanning my e-mails and blocking spam . You can see all the blocked e-mails and choose to restore them if you like . The program will remember which ones are okay and not block them further.There are lots of things you can do to customize how updates are handled . I was surprised that after loging into their website once , that now the updates are downloaded automatically . I do n't even have to think about it.This particular product does not come with a firewall , but I am using the one that comes with Windows xp sp2 . Mcafee also detects other security installed on your pc and will give you an overall security rating.The only thing I am not crazy about is that my pc boots really slowly now . I realize it is because the program is busy in the background checking for updates and such . So I can live with that .
 I only give it 4 stars because the CDs in the package were blank for some reason . Using my serial number , Prosoft gave me a way to download the image . But I 'd expect the product to ship with properly burned discs since the bootable discs are an important part of recovery .
 Drive Genius is a must for me because it enables me to create and manage partitions on my iMac hard drive and external backup drives -- without destroying data . I use it mainly to create , delete , move , resize , and defragment partitions . And it 's super easy to use.One key benefit
 Symantec -LSB- Norton -RSB- has a tendency to buy out products better than its own , such as Drive Image and GoBack . I started out with GoBack when it was made by Roxio . I had issues with Norton 's modifications at first ; I had to wait until they fixed a few bugs before it was usable for me , but it since worked as well as the 3.x versions . On WinMe , it saved my behind countless times ; instead of wasting hours or days figuring out what the problem was -- and I did countless all-nighters trying to get WinMe back running before I started using GoBack -- you simply turn the computer back , or `` Go Back , '' to an earlier time.If you come home and suddenly ca n't connect to the internet , or if you installed a program with unexpected consequences , even spyware , all you have to do is `` goback '' to , say , yesterday , and this will fix 99.9 % of all software related problems . This program is not as limited as `` system restore '' ; see the Wikipedia article on GoBack . It creates a record of your hard drive at a particular time , and then it keeps a record of every single file change , so it is like going back to an image , but you are not restoring an image per se . System restore , when it works , restores only protected system files.GoBack will restore every file , except for its own repository , of course , so that your computer will be exactly the way it was at whatever time you chose to go back to . After you have restored the computer , GoBack gives you the chance to look at and recover any files that were created between the Goback time you chose and the time you had the problem that caused you to use GoBack.One problem is that for it to keep a record of every file change , your hard drive is busy all the time , so it does use resources and , technically , it will make your hard drive wear out faster , but I do n't think that the latter is a real issue for a normal user . Whether the resource problem is an issue depends on how good your pc is . Norton was notorious for many years for its AV program being such a resource hog , but it 's not fair to slam them for that in the case of GoBack because that 's the nature of the beast . If you were to use a program that makes , say , regular images , then that program will not be using resources except when it 's making an image , but when you choose Goback , which constantly records every change -- and this DOES have advantages -- your hard drive is going to have to be busy
 Norton Go-Back 4.0 is a great way to recover from a system crash or a virus attack or even a bad installation experience . It 's very easy to use , and until you need it , you do n't even know that it 's there . Go-Back saves a part of your hard disk as a hot-fix area that keeps restore points for you to `` Go-Back '' to in case of a virus or worm attack . All you need to do is to restart your computer , when the go-back screen appears , hit the spacebar , and then choose a point that you want to go back to where your system was working normally . After your system has been restored , a window appears with a list of all the files that were affected by the restore , and you can choose which files to keep . Installation was a snap , and you ca n't beat it for ease of use . Go-Back is a must-have program to get you back from the black hole -LRB- or blue screen of death -RRB- .
 I just started this software almost two weeks now . I had lost everything on my PC before but luckly I had a backup . So I decided to give GoBack a try . I am loving it !!! It 's especially great if you have the hard disk space . Drives are cheap now so there 's no excuse . I allocated more than the 10 % -LRB- the more the better -RRB- and I have 3 disks installed with different partitions . GoBack has been awsome when I install a software that is not working properly ; or if a spyware hijacked my pc , etc. . It 's very easy to use -LRB- reading the manual is a most -RRB- . The only problem I 've had was using Partition Magic only because I did n't read the manual beforehand . I now know that I have to disable GoBack in order to use Partition Magic . This is not a perfect software . I do n't like the uninstall when upgrading OS or installing service packs . Overall if you have important information on your PC and you are constantly doing work , I highly recommend it . For those of you who had trouble with the software I would go back and rethink the purpose you bought this software . For the GoBack fans , Enjoy it and Smile when you are able to recover without doing a backup . Note
 I 've been using GoBack since version 2 . I upgraded to version 3 for WinXP . In the last 5 or 6 years I 'd only come across 2 hardware related problems that caused a problem for GoBack
 I am a computer reseller . Every computer I provide a client -LRB- 150 + -RRB- gets a copy of Norton Goback.This program has saved both my clients and me countless troubleshooting hours ; as long as they catch a problem in about 3 days or so . We just restore the entire system back to a working point in time.I can not recommend this program enough.I install this program on the computer right out of the box , and I use the custom setup during installtion to make the file size a full 8MB . I have never had any problems with this software.I use this program on all of my personal and families computer 's . I could not live without this program . It is a real life saver .
 I 've been using GoBack since early v3 . It has saved me innumerable times from random viruses and misplaced files/accidental deletions . As such , when v4 came out , I assumed it must be better . Not necessarily!When I upgraded to version 4 , things started to go wacko . My computer would n't boot past the BIOS screens . After uninstalling it , the computer booted fine . Re-installing v3 however , caused the same strange BIOS freezes . I was pretty bummed that GoBack might be lost to me forever , as it had actually become a valued `` security blanket '' for my system and my Windows tinkering.I finally isolated the problem to the changes it was making in the boot sector of the hard drive . My Asus motherboard was picking it up as virus activity and halting the system ! After deactivating the viral scan in the motherboard BIOS settings , it ran like a champ . No clue why reinstalling v3 did not fix this.In summary , GoBack alters and loads at the master boot record of the main hard disk so that even changes made outside of Windows are logged -LRB- or are attempted to be logged -RRB- . My guess is that many problems occur when users unknowingly perform disk activities that are outside of Goback 's `` normal ? '' range of logging abilities . Or assume that Symantec has fully tested their product -LRB- Yikes , fatal error -RRB- . Or install it on a computer with a slightly modified boot sequence/BIOS . You really need to be EXTREMELY vigilant with what you 're doing to avoid Goback issues . Essentially , any type of low-level activity -LRB- DOS boot-disks , disk partition activity , Spinrite -RRB- has the potential to really screw up GoBack as I doubt Symantec has spent the time to really investigate all permutations of disk activity . Anytime I run Spinrite , or defragment -LRB- causes ridiculous amounts of disc activity as Goback attempts to log every byte rearrangement -RRB- , I disable Goback.When it works , it 's a lifesaver . After it screws up , you will hate and curse its name forever !
 I have been using GoBack since the mid or late 1990s -- I believe it was first sold by Adaptec before Roxio took it over and now Norton sells it . GoBack 4 is the first upgrade by Norton . This is a great product which reverts your hard drive to a state before a problem developed in your hard drive and so will make the problem go away . System restore is okay but GoBack will revert everything on your hard drive not just certain files , so more problems can be corrected , and you can also selectively recover files even if they have been emptied from the recycle bin without having to revert your hard drive . Another advantage is that GoBack loads before Windows so if there is a severe problem with Windows you can still restore Windows to a healthy state . This upgrade has increased the default storage space for a healthy revert from 4GB to 8GB -- this means you can go back further in time -- from a few days to a week or more depending on your file activity , and has added a few new bells and whistles . I installed GoBack 4 about a week ago and have already used it twice . Aside from antivirus programs , this is the best utility that you can buy.Update 1/1/11 : There is a newer product called Rollback Rx which does the same thing as GoBack and has the advantage of using very little space on your hard drive . Also , the rollback procedure is very fast -- about 2 minutes . It can be used with Windows XP -LRB- I 'm not sure about earlier Windows editions -RRB- , Vista and 7 .
 Originally , I got GoBack from Wildfile , maybe 10 years ago . Then Symantec bought it out , so I got a second copy with Norton Systemworks 2006 . I use older PCs , as anything past XP is totally dysfunctional for my pension practice . Seems like every week , but we 'll say once a month , I have to use GoBack to undo an installation or some freaking thing that went wrong after some program updated , be it Windows or some other program update that regularly installs itself . Or , for new programs I keep trying.Without GoBack , I do n't want to use a computer . And I have , 15 . It does save at least one machine at least once per month . I just used it again Thursday , to wipe out the Norton Security package which came with Comcast subscription , as the latter wo n't work with older Norton products and deletes them during installation . It was easy
 Having no use for Vista , or any desire to buy Windows 7 , I continue to limp along with the just-barely-tolerable XP for my operating system . As a longtime computer-user who knows little about the subtleties of software , I had relied heavily upon Norton GoBack to get me out of trouble -- a botched download/installation that I could n't uninstall cleanly ; installation of an app that immediately went to war with some other app , leaving behind permanent symptoms ; a virus , etc. . But when I upgraded Norton six months ago , the Norton products had become so expensive that I decided to go with the basic Norton suite which lacks GoBack , and rely instead upon Microsoft 's System Recovery to do its job . Big mistake ! I promptly got into trouble that Norton had gotten me out of so easily before , and System Recovery just could n't handle it . So I bought GoBack 4.0 . Unless Norton has grown senile as well as becoming far too expensive , I expect the 4.0 version of GoBack to work just as well for me as the previous edition did . Meanwhile , I sleep better at night .
 I ca n't understand the problems people have had with GoBack . Can you imagine what would have happened when I messed around with my color schemes and everything on the desktop turned the same shade of green , even the Start bar , if I had n't pressed Alt , F4 then turned the computer off and used GoBack to revert to before my dumb move ? I always install software in a clean boot and highly recommend it . I just ordered a new copy of GoBack because it came preinstalled on my computer and I had to uninstall all Norton products before installing the System Works Upgrade . As a double-safety measure I also regularly set up Restore Points with Windows Restore . Yes , Norton products require special procedures but then they always work perfectly for me , alhough I sometimes have to iron out difficulties first .
 i have used this program on 5 different computers over the past 5 years so I do like it . It will set your computer back to exactly the way you left it.Forget about viruses and poorly made software you installed.There are some caveats though . If you need to reformat or re-install windows , disable Goback first or you will have trouble . Also , if you have a compter like I do which has the instant on DVD feature , do n't use Goback . GoBack will work but you wo n't be able to boot into the instant on feature .
 I 've had this product installed on my desktop for years . It 's the only reason my old computer is still in use today . Unlike system restore , this program works for me every single time ... and I have had to use it too many times to count . It sure has saved me numerous calls to tech support and the repair shop . Now I need to install it on my laptop !
 I have been a die-hard user of GoBack since I first used it back on MS Windows Millenium . I upgraded to GB version 3.1 for Windows XP Pro , and to be honest it has saved my bacon many times , albeit that once it is installed and working , one can be rather ` reckless ' with ones 's computer.There are a few problems with it , like when a lot of disk activity causes it to lose track of things . I combine normal backups and disk partition imaging -LRB- as is good practise -RRB- to cater to these odd moments . Of course , the documentation does warn about such occurences , when things just can not be coped with by the GB software , so if I know I will be transferring a lot of data to a GB protected drive , and I know that I do not need GoBack at that time , I just disable GB until the major disk writing I am doing is done , and then re-enable . This also alleviates the long waits of disk activity afterwards -LRB- where GB has to ` catch up ' -RRB- as reported in many places here ... hah , I too was first alarmed by such disk activity when I first bought the software years ago , but now I know what to expect , I know what GoBack is good for and it 's limitations.Primarily , GoBack is best used when you need to just go back to a point in time recently to make everything as it was before hand , or to go back to a previous version of a file that might have been written over . It is not the be all end all of backups , but just part of my arsenal.Now , after upgrading just recently -LRB- yesterday -RRB- to a new Sony VAIO , with all its InstantOn and disk recovery software , version 3.1 died a death with a nice unfriendly Blue Screen , and continual re-booting . Not nice , and certainly had me a little worried that my time with GoBack had finally come to an end . I had to stop the boot process and revert Windows to a previous stable state . My Symantec experiences vary quite a lot , and I have to say that I no longer use their software , so I decided to read all of the reviews here on the Norton version 4.x ... I was very sad to see so many tails of woe ! Still , I figured the $ 30 upgrade fee was worth a go myself ... I downloaded version 4.2 . And guess what ... ? No more blue-screen of death , and it properly handles the disk recovery partition correctly . The InstantOn , where I would normally have the ability to play DVDs without loading the OS does not work however . Not a bif problem for me , as booting the OS is pretty quick these days ... So , after only a day with the new version , so far so good . We 'll see ... I might add that installing GoBack on to a system is certainly best done on a clean boot/install , and/or after a major disk image backup . This program is doing some sophisticated stuff to the drive , so knowing this , do n't take any chances like some of the users here have done . Back up your drive completely before installing GoBack , as this gives you a chance to iron out any problems . So far , it seems the latest version -LRB- 4.2 -RRB- certainly works okay with the latest U1400 1.2 GHz chip that is in my VAIO , although I do n't know how it would go in the dual processor systems , something for someone to try and post here perhaps ... So , my recommendations
 Have been using GoBack since it was sold by WildFiles , and that 's a loooong time . It 's saved me more times than I can count . If you 're using it and then have to restore your OS , be aware that GoBack hooks itself into the MBR with its own version and your drive will then appear unrestorable . T'ain ' t so . Go find another computer and download the lastest version of UBCD4Win and burn it to a disk . Set your BIOS to boot from CD-ROM if it is n't already so set , insert UBCD4Win and look for the `` Unhook GoBack '' tool . Run it and then you 'll be good to go with your restoration . You 'll want to keep the UBCD4Win disk around anyhow - tons of good tools on it ; you can be your own guru . I 've been running GoBack for years on a PATA IDE RAID 0 setup ; no problems .
 Even though GoBack is published for the mass market , you need to school yourself in some of the trade-offs necessary to use it . In my opinion , it 's a great product if : a. you use it on a very modern machineb . you do not use a sophisticated third-party software firewall -LRB- Windows firewall works OK with GoBack , but a router is your best bet for security -RRB- unless you do not mind continuous hard drive activityc . you use it as intended -- in other words , read the help filesMe ? I use Linux mostly , but when I need to test unfamiliar software for Windows , I use GoBack to protect my WinXP Pro OS and it does the job .
 I have been using GoBack for years starting with Adaptec , Roxio , and now Norton version 4.0 and never had a problem.I bought Windows XP Pro and the stand alone version of GoBack at the same time and installed them on a new hard drive . This works just as it did in the past with no problems . Just like the versions that came before it GoBack has saved my rear end many times over the years.I have never used it in the internet package that may have been the trouble the other people have had with it , but I would recommend GoBack to anyone using it as I did
 Over the years I have used Go Back numerous times , especially when the restore utility would not or could not reproduce earlier files . Go Back has never failed me , I just have to remember to back data files such as Quicken before using Go Back as newer , unbacked files will be erased and replaced with old data files .
 My boys fight over whose going to play this game first . It 's a storyboard game and before I knew it , my boys accomplished the game . That 's how learning should be - fun and intriguing !
 I have a 3 yr old that is really starting to excel at her reading because of this product . She 's been capable for several months , but lacked the discipline to follow through on other methods .
 My 5-year-old son likes this program . He can stick to it for as long as we allow him to .
 Reader Rabbit has been around for a long time and it is a truly wonderful system to help children improve their reading skills . What could be better than playing a game while you learn ? I used it when my children were growing up and now I 'm providing Reader Rabbit for my granddaughter to help her retain and improve her reading skills over the summer . It is a win-win situation for the parent and the child . The game is plug and play so your child can play without your assistance .
 I love Reader Rabbit 's learning tools and my daughter would play with this all day if I allowed her too but because of her age she 's only allowed small increments at a time . Great for kids .
 My son has a speech proble this game is so great for him . I had to pull him out of school and home school him . This teach 's him computer skills and skills that he would get from school . I would tell every ony that I know to buy this for there child .
 I bought this product for my 4 year old neice . She seems to be having a lot of fun with it and is using the software all the time . It is too early to tell how well she is learning how to read but if she finds the software fun enough to use all the time , then I am sure that she will learn with it .
 My son has a lot of fun with this software . It is very difficult to get him to sit still for a traditional lesson . Two times with the software and he was recognizing letters and knew their sounds .
 my 4 year old son loves it.hes having so much fun too.this is perfect for pre k thru 1st grade.4-7its like having 4 cds in one .
 As with all Reader Rabbit products , this was a big favorite with my grandchildren when they were learning to read . It really helped them to become joyful readers .
 We ordered this for our four year old daughter and , while it is probably a bit above her level -LRB- she is not reading yet but is beginning to sound out letters , etc. and when we read to her she will point out letters that she recognizes ... but has not yet begun to recognize entire words -RRB- , it is a wonderful program!It allows you to choose at which level you want to begin , or play . The characters are interesting and their speech is well enunciated . The content is entirely age appropriate and innocent - which is rare in this day and age.The directions are very clear and I imagine if I set aside time every day to use this program , our daughter will be reading by age five.We own other Reader Rabbit CDs and they are all wonderful ... I would strongly recommend these products for children ages three to six .
 I am allways reading amazon reviews before I buy products but this is the first time I am leaving my own review because this product is so amazing I got to do it . I have bought reader rabbit products before some are great like the baby/toddler but was n't thrilled with others . But this reading one , I thought what the heck its only 10.00 try it . My granddaughter is 5 years old , because of an Oct. birthday missed kindergarten so she is in pre-k , this is a little girl who had a speech problem so bad that at age 3 I could n't understand what she was saying . She did know the sounds of most every letter , but was n't reading at all . Well in just 5 days she whipped through the first level to help Sam get to the castle , and by the end of it , I did the assessment over , there is one for your child to do so the game can challenge but not overwhelm your child . In 5 days only , she actually read every single word in the sentences that are shown in the assessment . She did n't get a couple of words right , she got every single word RIGHT ! I ca n't say enough about this way of teaching , nothing short of miraculous . I purchased the reader rabbit with phonics to give her some variety and will write a review on that when we start that one . OH and I also highly recommend school zone products , nearly everything she is doing in pre-K she already knew thanks to reader rabbit , and school zone products and this was a child that could n't speak .
 My daughter is 3 years old and she is beginning to read . I love Reader Rabbit . The animation and the music really holds her attention . The repititon helps her to remember . There are so many educational products out there but Reader Rabbit , Richard Scary and Leap Products are among my favorites .
 This was my first `` Reader Rabbit '' purchase , and it wo n't be my last.The program is obviously dated -LRB- graphics -RRB- but that matters very little to a 3-4 year old . It does a fantastic job of engaging the youngster , even those who have n't been raised in front of the computer -LRB- my kids are relatively computer illiterate compared with some kids their age , despite being a computer-guy myself - I try to keep my kids active instead of letting them waste away in front of TVs & computers ... but I digress -RRB- . There 's enough things to click on and discover that they do n't even realize they 're learning . The app is designed very cleverly to make them learn and use that knowledge to find more fun things . The stories and activities are perfectly designed for the attention span of 3-5 year olds.If you 're looking for just a select few good programs to a -RRB- introduce kids to computers and b -RRB- help them develop reading skills , put this on your short list . It 's solid , entertaining and educational . I 'm surprised there are n't more reviews on Amazon for this.One note
 I purchased these programs for my grandchildren to help them with their reading skills and they love to use it and I have seen a marked improvement in their reading abilities . My daughter is a school teacher and recommended the programs .
 Cheap and fast delivery . Reader Rabbit is getting cheaper because better programs are coming out . Still worth buying if you are trying to teach you little ones the computer now . Programs can become very addictive and frequent brakes are recommended .
 I bought this item from Amazon . It workds great and has many features to use to edit the photo and adjust them to the beautiful images . Easy to install and compatible with my operating software.Great Buy !
 I downloaded the CD 's to my iPod so i could walk my dog and learn Italian . The lessons are extremely helpful and you listen to them enough it 's easy to just pick up the language .
 You need to have all your tax information on hand to enter the correct information . This program is so easy
 I have used TurboTax products since 1995 , with the exception of trying TaxCut last year , which was a disaster . The TurboTax State product had no difficulty quickly and accurately completing tax returns for my state -LRB- Minnesota -RRB- after finishing my federal return.As some other reviewers have correctly noted , the name of the product -LRB- `` Multi-State '' -RRB- is somewhat deceptive , in that you get to choose one state return to file ; if you have to file for more than one state you have to pay for additional state downloads . This is the primary reason I gave the product four stars
 My kindergarten aged daughter received this as a gift . She loves SpongeBob and loved playing this game.The game is basically an adventure puzzle solving game . SpongeBob has to interact with people and collect things in order to move on to the next level . I had to help my daughter out with some things , but she was able to generally play by herself . Once she know how to do everything she was able to play by herself.It 's not a great game , but anything for this price that my kids actually play is a good purchase.My daughters computer is an old dell running XP . It worked on her computer and my computer running Vista .
 This is a great concept , a REAL timesaver ! Before this product , I was looking up recipes , listing ingredients and then copying everything to an excel spreadsheet so that my husband could get to the grocery store and I could serve healthy and varied meals all week , it took at least 4 hours per month . This program has saved me alot of time , it was well worth the money .
 Received the product and was not able to install it on a Mac though it installed fine on a PC . Sent and email to the developer and had the license key for the download-able version within one day and a replacement CD on the way . Very pleased with the customer support and assistance .
 My son asked for this software for Christmas last year , after he discovered the joy of stop-motion animation . Even with the limited camera placement options available with my laptop 's built-in iSight camera , he enjoys making Legos and Hot Wheels zoom around the room.I have to imagine that software of this caliber would have cost professional animaters thousands of dollars just a few years ago , and I can hardly believe that we live in a time when it is inexpensive enough to serve to entertain a kid on a quiet evening .
 The kids love it ! They ca n't wait to get home to create movies with the toys they already own . They also shoot video about themselves . iStopMotion is a very creative , powerful , yet simple to use piece of software . Great product !
 If your looking for a really good product for animation , this is it ! It is really easy to use istopmotion and it makes animating fun . I was not disapointed with this program at all ! It is the best ! I can make endless claymations with this . You can check them out on youtube ! The link is
 If you 're looking for something for your Mac that anyone can use , this is it ! Simple , high quality , and handy tools outline this product . I made my first claymation with this and it went over so well , the band -- Jars of Clay -- put it on their website ! You can check out my videos on YouTube under user name sgtjlopez -- Dead Man Carry Me Claymation was my first one .
 I 'd read great reviews of the software , so I decided to buy . Wow -- it works much better than any other software I 've used . I especially like being able to do incremental backups that are complete.The only thing I like more about the sw is that restores are very easy -- everything goes back as it was in a single step even though I did several different backup sessions .
 For an entire week , I 've tried disaster recovery software from leading vendors including Norton Ghost 2001 v. 6.5 , Veritas VERITAS Backup Exec Desktop Pro v. 4.5 , and Powerquest Drive Image v. 4.0 . None of them could do the job they promised on my laptop . Both Norton Ghost and Drive Image require you to boot to DOS from a floppy disk to run their software , which is not a familiar environment for most Windows users . Besides , if you have a swappable floppy drive and CD-ROM system like mine , it will not work as you can only have either the floppy drive or CD-ROM drive at a time , not both . After booting to DOS , the users are quired to provide the DOS driver for their mass storage device , which is almost impossible to obtain from most devices ' manufacturers nowadays , they no longer support DOS . Veritas ' `` disaster recovery '' feature failed to work as promised with too many errors reading system files . Disaster recovery software is supposed to be able to read open files as many system files are always open at any given time.Another plus with Dantz 's Retrospect Express Backup is it 's the least expensive product among the other 3 and does a good job as promised . Even though it had a little problem restoring my BusLink 20 GB external USB hard drive , I was able to re-install the Windows USB-IDE Bridge driver quickly , re-established access to the backup set on the drive , and restored to the original system state without any problem , complete with all other drivers including the difficult-to-install Lucent Orinoco Residential Gateway wireless LAN.Other products require you to prepare disaster recovery info on floppy disks -LRB- Veritas requires as many as 6 floppy disks for Windows 2000 plus the backup media -RRB- , Retrospect Express Backup has the unique ability of its kind to prepare a single bootable CD to greatly simply the recovering process . I 'd give this product 5 star if it were n't for the small USB-IDE glitch.Excellent product !
 Great buy for a good price . Is supposed to support all kind of storage hardware . Works perfect with my CDRW , Hard Disk and SuperDrive . Its auto configuration to these hardware is a definate plus point . The only bad part is that its for just Windows OS , and has no support for other OS . So if you are a win user and plan on remaining a win user , and have backup needs Retrospect Express is the way to go .
 I have n't used this product . But let 's clear up one thing
 Macromedia is including CourseBuilder as a free extension in Dreamweaver 4 , which will be released in December.Product rating is high . However Macromedia 's instructions and tutorials are very poor , rating a bare 1 star .
 I have taken quite a few online and computer based training courses . This is , by far , one of the best sets that I 've come across so far!Thanks to these discs , I was able to pass -LRB- with flying colors I might add -RRB- the MOUS Word 2000 and Excel 2000 certification tests!They are fairly interactive and easy to follow.I look forward to trying other tutorials from this company !
 I was never a big fan of most Microsoft software . However , this program caught my attention because I got it on sale pretty cheap . It 's not perfect , but it 's easy to use and it 's great if you have 3 PCs you need to put this on.PROSIts best feature is the way it integrates with Windows XP . It automatically downloads updates and it notifies you when you need to download Windows updates . Its easy to set up networked printers , you can customize any part of the suite to fit your needs.The firewall is excellent . It prompts you whenever a program is accessing the internet and you only have to give a program permission once . But you can always go back and change the settings . It comes with options to easily recognize a networked PC , an Xbox 360 , a printer on a network , etc. . Set up for these things is painless.You can program it to defrag your hard drive , scan for spyware , scan for viruses , check for updates , and make backups at anytime . Or you can turn any of these options off if you wish -LRB- I turn backups off -RRB- . Yeah you have to download Windows Defender , but that is a good anti-spyware utility . And I would recommend that download to anyone.CONSYou need IE 7 , if you do n't have IE 7 or if you just do n't like it you 'll get a yellow bar all the time . It also does n't like it when you use better browsers like Firefox or Opera . Any support you need you are forced to use IE.You can not use any other security suite or firewall . So if only have Norton Anti Virus and are happy with that , and just want to use One Care for firewall , defrag , and other uses , well too bad . You either have to use ALL of One Care or none of it.Over priced . I know its for 3 PCs but I got this for $ 20 and I would n't pay anything more than that . It 's ashame how overpriced software is.SUMMARYIf you need a good security suite , Windows Live One care is not only better than Norton and Mcafee , but its cheaper too . However One Care is perfect if you do n't already have an internet security suite . Right now , stick with the one you have , and hopefully this will drop down in price . -LRB- Yeah right , this is Micro $ oft -RRB- I still think Zone Alarm is the best , but with the ease of installation and integration with Windows XP , Windows Live One Care offers an easy to use , all in one security suite .
 After years of struggling with Norton AV , I gave into MS and purchased this product . It works well and works much better with XP than non-MS products . It does everthing other products can and it is mostly seamless . I wish it had more controls ; however , I am gladly giving them up to have an anti-virus program which actually runs without slowing my OS to a dead crawl .
 I have tried Nortons , McAfee , and Zone Alarm and I find Windows Live One care to be the easiest to use , set up , and understand , of all the programs I have tried . I would definitely recommend it to my friends .
 Had problems using Symantec software . . firewall would block its own Live Update from updating ... various other problem ... Windows One Care has been running for 4 months now and it stays out of the way and does its job . . I get the occasional firewall alert as is to be expected ... but it is not as intrusive as Symantec was . . I will renew as One Care if it stays as good as it is now ...
 I 've used Norton 's , McAfee , and Zone Alarm and have found Microsoft one care the easyest to set up . And it does a better job of protecting and removing spyware , adware , and virus .
 I got Live OneCare after years of being a loyal Norton Systemworks follower . But ... Symantec let me down by continuing to get more bloated and less stable with lower performance . Also , with the price of the Symantec subscriptions increasing , I decided to jump ship . I 'm glad I did . Live OneCare , despite its odd name , is an unobstrusive addition to the Windows shell - it sort of hangs out on the system tray . After using OneCare for about 6 months , I can say that it does offer great protection , never gets in the way and has successfully caught several inbound viruses . My only complaint , which does not affect me that much , is the speed at which it performs a full system scan . Coupled with Prevx for anti-malware , you can protect your PC for under $ 50 a year .
 I found that this product is easy to use and works very well . I automatically updates virus scans and does backups automaaticaly with nor problems . I like that I can cover three computers for the price I used to pay for just one . I have not had any problems with it .
 I purchased this product for my parents who know little about computers because it provides everything to keep their PC up and running , while doing almost all the work in the background without you even noticing . Virus , spyware , defragmentation ; everything to protect their PC.The only flaw is the backup tools . Even in the updated version 1.5 -LRB- I am running a not final beta mode on my computer -RRB- the backup software is not very useful . You can not backup to a second internal hard drive , only to external hard drives or dvds , and you can not pick and choose the files you want to back up very well . For instance , you choose categories of things you want to backup , ie
 I 'm really impressed with this internet security suite from Microsoft . I like that it runs so seamlessly in the background and does n't seem to be a resource hog . It appears to be doing it 's job just fine . I 've had no problems whatsoever .
 A real joy to have an antivirus program that is so seamless . Really fits into a Windows environment and does n't demand to be continually seen and heard from !
 Great product , installs easily and flawlessly and seems to do the trick . I like the inclusion of a back up software . It works great with my external harddrive and backs it up at pre-determined times . Ca n't beat the price at $ 19.99 for three machines .
 Took out all my Norton stuff , and installed Windows Live OneCare . Computer no longer sluggish - I mean , a tremendous difference . Installation was quick and smooth . Everything works well . A real value -LRB- 3 licenses -RRB- at the suggested price . Unbelievable at the Amazon price .
 Perhaps the best anti-Virus I have ever used . I have used Norton , AVG , PC Cillin , Panda and also Zone Alarm . Norton is famous for it 's ` terrorizing PCs while scanning ' . Live care runs quietly in the background and does n't consume much RAM . It has something called ` tune-up ' which first fragments hard disk , then checks for virus , data back and finally checks for XP update . So you see I do n't have to perform these tasks individually .
 I WAS A LITTLE HESITANT AFTER READING SOME OF THE OTHER REVIEWS . I HAD NO PROBLEM INSTALLING THE PROGRAM AND IT WORKS GREAT . PRICE WAS MUCH BETTER THAN OTHER PRODUCTS AND AMAZON BEAT EVERYONE HANDS DOWN . GREAT PRODUCT AT A VALUE PRICE .
 This product was easy to install and use . The only problem was figuring out why I could not add a network printer to my laptop . Checked the Live One Care web site and found a simple setting adjustment and now it works great . I am not ready to download IE7 yet , too many reported problems , so my status never shows green but know everything else is protected . Got it at a great price on Amazon too . So far , so good . Time will tell if it really lives up to its potential . Still use Ad-aware and find a lot more spyware than Defender stops .
 I have been a Trend user for years but this product exceeds my expectations by giving me reminders to backup my data , giving automatic updates , and providing tools for computer maintenance that everyone should take care of to insure optimal uptime .
 It works well . Price was great . This replaced all of the protective SW on my systems .
 Easy to install and setup . It has many nice features including : Two way firewallAnti VirusAnti SpywareBackupSystem UpdaterSystem TunerIt 's a bit ` chatty ' , informing you daily that it 's up to date . The integration is great . The two way firewall requires you to allow most outbound connections -LRB- it guesses some that are safe -RRB- . The virus and spyware protection are very good . My biggest complaint is the Backup Utility . It is just feeble . It wo n't allow you to backup to a Network Drive . It 's also XP -LRB- Vista ? -RRB- only . I LOVE the price . A home LAN subscription is perfect ! . Instead of paying $ 90 per year -LRB- for 3 systems -RRB- to Symantec I can get away with an equivalent strength , but lighter impact application for $ 20 .
 I have installed this product on both my computers without any problems . It has work better than any program on security that I have installed on my computers . The only possible criticism is that you must open a Microsoft mailbox . I open one and used it only for the installation . My daughter bought this program from Amazon also and is very happy with it . Her mailbox was in hotmail
 I have three computers in my house and was getting tired of popups , sluggish performance and coordinating multiple programs . OneCare loaded on all three systems -LRB- old HP intel , new HP AMD , new Gateway intel -RRB- without hassle . I can not detect any hesitation in loading or using memory hog programs , nor has internet access and download speeds been affected . OneCare scanned my old computer and identified a trojan that a competetor missed not to mention numerous other spyware , adware junk files . Go to their website and download the 90 day evaluation for free . If you like it come back to Amazon and get the shrinkwrapped version .
 I have used Norton , McAfee , and Trend Micro security suites in the past . While I found Norton and McAfee to seriously slow my system down and take over all areas of my machine , Live OneCare uses very little memory and can be easily managed . I have experienced no problems whatsoever and have had no networking issues , either . I can highly recommend this for people looking for an unobtrusive , fully comprehensive security system .
 My machine is still running clean after 4 months . I like the port blocking feature . Although I have n't needed customer support , it 's bound to be better than Symantecs .
 Finally Microsoft got around to creating something useful ! This application rolls anti-virus , anti-spyware , firewall , backup / restore , and tune-up to Windows XP . What sets this aside from other more traditional utilities is Microsoft 's way of seamlessly integrating these new features right into Windows XP . What 's more , it automatically updates , and for just one program box , they will allow you to install it on up to 3 computers ! It 's a bargain .
 This is probably the best suite out there in terms of non bloat . Most of the all in one suites tend to hog a lot of resources and slow down the computer . This one runs pretty light . I dont notice any slow down . I personally dont use it because I prefer Nod32 AV . But because of its ease of use , the lightness of it I put it on all the computers I work on . Especially good for newbie pc users . It has to be easy to use or some people wont use it . MS is doing a good job in the ease of use department . Once its running you just let it go and it does its job.As others have stated its annoying that even though you have purchased the disc , it still downloads the product online . It seems the only purpose of the disc is that it gives you the activation code . I recommend everyone to just download the free 90 day trial first then if you like it just purchase a license over the internet.Overall this is a excellent choice for anyone looking for a all in one protection suite . The price includes protection for up to 3 computers which makes the overall price tag a good value .
 I find Windows Live OneCare to be a simple and efficient means to protect my computer as well as keep it up to date . I was frustrated with McAfee locking up my programs and based on a friend 's recommendation ordered Windows Live OneCare . I uninstalled McAfee and easily installed OneCare . I am glad I did ! Now , I simply check if I have a green indicator and move on with computing . If I have a yellow or red indicator , the program informs me of needed actions and takes them with a click . I have also used the backup and restore features several times and found them to be very helpful . I do a weekly tune up to my external hard drive . This program is a winner ! I intend to keep Windows Live OneCare and renew yearly . It is well worth the money and provides peace of mind .
 I have tried various other virus and spyware offering - always was disappointed , annoyed , or worse ... OneCare works ! The $ 42 price tag is comparatively excellent considering all you get - for one computer , and especially so with the license being for three computers.Virus , Spyware , Backup , Tune-Up , Updates - autimatically - one interface - and it works .
 I have found Live OneCare to be a superior product . I have used both Norton and McAfee products , but prefer Live OneCare hands down . It is less intrusive and does not slow my computer . I also like that is has been pop-up free . I would recommend this product.All computer setups are a bit different and some programs work better on one system than another . However , from my experience -LRB- almost one year -RRB- Live OneCare has been an excellent product and I plan on staying with it until something better comes along .
 This is an excellent product which has worked perfect straight out of the box . Install was easy . Updates easy . I was surprised -LRB- PLEASANTLY -RRB- that this has worked so well - being a Microsoft product . I have E-trust from CA and other products and suites , but I am most pleased with OneCare . I would highly recommend this - especially for any home users / home offices . Not often that you get to say - great job Microsoft !
 This product delivers all promised and more.The only thing that would make it better would be for it to do the backupfor you .
 The product came with limited printed install instructions . When the install asked for my EMail name , it would not accept my standard name . It indicated that it was already being used . I created a new EMail name on Hotmail -LRB- free -RRB- to overcome this problem . There was one point in the install , after the subscription info was processed on-line , when there was no indication of what to do . It seemed stalled . I re-booted my machine . That did it . It continued on to the final steps.The install process is quite lengthy and Web access is required . Be sure to keep your original login info and password . This is requiired to install on a 2nd and 3rd system . Once installed , it did it 's initial system checks , update checks , and scans . Once installed , the program menu is easy to follow . Update are performed automatically . It has alerted me to required Windows updates and also to viruses and spam that got through my hardware firewall . It works well in conjuction with my Outlook and the Windows built-in security features . The 2nd and 3rd installs are much easier and quicker , because they use the info already input in the 1st install . When I switched from my previous product , I figured who knows how to protect Windows better than Microsoft . This assessment makes me feel confident that I made the correct decision .
 Let me begin by saying that I despise Microsoft as much as those who have probably never used this program but are giving it a one-star anyway . Yet , thanks to my college 's good ol' `` PC '' requirement , I own a Dell laptop and finding the perfect security suite has been a problem for me ... until now.My Dell came installed with McAfee Internet Security Suite with free definition updates and software upgrades for 3 years . However , I was very very upset with McAfee , as it is a memory hog and loves to annoy the heck out of me with pop-ups telling me to install the anti-spam program , regardless that I use gmail . So I ditched it for a free copy of Norton , provided by my school . Norton 's anti-virus is a very superior program , I 've had no problems with it . But it 's firewall became somewhat of an annoyance , as it would repeatedly pop-up for a program multiple times within a minute . I decided to look for something better.Enter Windows Live OneCare . I heard about the beta and since it was free at the time , I decided to give it a shot . Downloading was seamless , but installation was n't . When I went to install , the program required me to uninstall Norton manually , and then rerun the installation program . It is indeed dangerous to run two antivirus/firewall programs at the same time , but one would think Microsoft 's installation program could have uninstalled those programs manually . Either that or have given a heads up warning . Also , the program made me go to Microsoft 's website and manually install Windows Defender before it could continue . Do note that at this step , you are required to submit to a validation process that confirms that your copy of XP is n't pirated , so any hackers out there beware . So I had to go back and do as it requested , and then gave installation a second go-around . No problems there , it ran smoothly this time.After installing , I activated my `` beta '' subscription with a valid Microsoft Live ID -LRB- If you have a Passport , Hotmail or MSN id , then this is the same thing -RRB- . The first thing that caught my eye was the icon in the taskbar . It is like an egg with a `` 1 '' inside it . The egg can display one of 3 colors at any given time -LRB- Green , Yellow , or Red -RRB- . If it 's green , then things are great . Yellow means that either you need to do a scan or update the definition files . Red means danger , although I never encountered it during my trial . The screen consists of a list of tasks that are recommend for you to perform -LRB- Perform Scan , update , etc. -RRB- Below are details of when you performed your last virus scan , tuned-up your computer , and backed-up your data using OneCare.Besides the standard antivirus and firewall , OneCare boasts some amazing features , one of which is where you can cleanup unnecessary files and defragment your hard drive with a few clicks . This is very important for the well-being of your computer , and as a person who forgets to do such things I found the scheduler feature to be nifty indeed . OneCare completed a tune-up of my PC within 3 hours , although do note that I have a 200GB hard drive with LOTS of files . The antivirus scan revealed no trouble-spots within my computer , although that could be since I ran a Norton scan that very morning before uninstalling it . The firewall in OneCare is a two-way firewall , a much significant upgrade of the standard XP firewall . Upon opening web browsers and other applications , the firewall did bring up small pop-ups in the corner saying that the particular program wanted to access the internet and if it was ok . It gives buttons for yes or no . I believe this is similar to ZoneAlarm , which I used many years ago and I found it neither obtrusive or annoying . I never used the backup feature , as I prefer to do backups in native-file format -LRB- meaning I do n't want all the backed-up files jammed into one particular file that can only be opened by the back-up program -RRB- . I think the biggest positive about this program is that it works almost seamlessly within Windows XP . There was definitely NO noticeable slow down in my system , especially at boot-up , compared to Norton or McAfee . The program starts up simply with the icon in the taskbar . Only if you double-click on the icon will a splash screen appear followed by the actual program window . The tasks performed all took as long as I expected them to.PROS : - Clean and simple interface.-Tune-up and back-up features-Excellent integration into Windows XP-Tasks performed in timely manner-Not a memory hog-Firewall pop-ups not annoying , and usually do not repeat for common programs.-3 licenses included -LRB- unlike the other programs -RRB- CONS : - Should have given prior warning about having to uninstall other security suites , as well as having to install Windows Defender.-While OneCare in particular does not require `` Genuine '' Windows XP , Windows Defender does and you have to go through Microsoft 's Genuine Validation process . - $ 49.95 for one-year subscription is still a rip-off in my mind . -LRB- but then again , for 3 licenses still cheaper than other programs -RRB- Overall , it works as advertised . Just because the program has the Microsoft logo slapped on it should n't mean that it will not function properly or mislead us , I hope . However , if you are still hesitant , I believe Norton and McAfee will be bringing out some of the same tune-up features within their own offerings by the end of the year , so be on the lookout for those . I would recommend this program . I am taking away one star because of the installation issue .
 I 've been using Windows Live OneCare since late 2005 -LRB- I was one of the beta testers -RRB- and I have nothing but good things to say about WLOC.It does not slow down my system -LRB- like most of Symantec 's products -RRB- , and does not require ANY user-intervention unless there is an issue which needs to be resolved.WLOC 's `` Status Light '' is one of the most ingenious ideas in a long time , Green means that your computer is protected , and you are good to go , yellow means there is an issue which needs your attention , and red means you need to take action on a specific issue.WLOC 's dashboard gives you all the information you need in one screen - letting you know if all the services are active , informing you of any major virus outbreaks , the last time your computer was `` Tuned-Up '' , virus definitions were updated , etc.Alot of people might be concerned about using a Security Product from Microsoft after all their security issues with Windows , Office and Internet Explorer , but you have to realize that Windows Live OneCare is built on technology that Microsoft bought from three or four security companies over the past few years , so it contains technology that Microsoft did not have when Windows/Office/IE were originally developed .
 Installation is not as simple as you think . First , you need to have an active HIGH SPEED internet connection . Second , you need to have a Hotmail account . Just with these two requirements , you will see that this product is impossible to install in an office with lots of workstations.After reading the reviews here , I thought it would be easy to install the software . I 'd think just put the CD in and forget it . However , It turned out that it took hours to install because the CD opened Internet Exploder and everything needed to be downloaded from the One Care website . This reminded me something called the Steam from Half Life 2 that took me 6 hours to install the game in my house with a DSL.It took my computer in my office -LRB- with a high speed T1 -RRB- half an hour to install the first part of the package . Yes , the first part . It turned out that the Anti Spyware were not part of the package . You needed to connect to the Windows Defender website to download the beta as a seperated installation.After everything was installed , It was a smooth sailing . There was very little ignoring popup . Even 1care popped up some windows , it could just close the windows and everything would be running in the background . For example , if you started Performance Tune Up , it would display a window showing you the progress . You could just close that window and 1care would continue running Tune Up in the background . You could continue to work with your computer while it was running Tune Up in the background . If you tried this with Norton or eTrust or PC-cillin , you knew that they would take over your computer with a big window popped right in your face that they would not let you minimize or close . If you closed that window , they would stop scanning.To be fair , I have no way to tell how good or bad the antivirus or the windows defender work against any virus/spyware . But ... at least the computer is running faster after I removed Norton.But for 10 bucks I got from CompUSA , One Care is a bargain that comes with Antivirus , Windows Defender , better firewall , auto tune up , and backup utility for a total of 3 computers .
 Whatever you might think of Microsoft it would seem that they would best know how to integrate security software in their own OS . I consider myself an advanced user , but was looking for unobtrusive securityware . OneCare is it.That said , I was a long time user of Norton Products , however , over time Norton got bulky and used too many resources , and when they finally initiated an activation scheme , I decided it was time to try something else . I used the Trend Micro Security Suite for a year , it did a good job , but it updated every day , which I liked , but I had to tell it to update , which was rather annoying . When My subscription to Trend Micro ended . I decided to try out OneCare.So far , I 've been very pleased . The software loaded easily , has a very simple interface , and updates on its own without intervention on my part . Nothing could be simpler . The firewall has recognized the software on my system and has taken appropriate action to notify me when it has allowed access . The virus scan has run quickly and accurately , and the backup to my external USB drive has worked very well . More to the point for $ 19.95 on Amazon for up to 3 computers , it 's a good value .
 OneCare is not a tweaker 's friend . It has no knobs and gizmos for power users to tinker with . However , it does one thing right . It works . When you use it , you truly do have one care . Do what it tells you to make it green . If you can do that , your computer is safe from viruses , hackers , malware , spyware , known security vulnerabilities , low disk space , slow disk access , and data that is not backed up.OneCare takes a layered approach to keep you and your data safe . It has an inbound firewall to keep bad stuff out of your computer . If bad stuff gets through the firewall , it has antivirus to stop it from affecting your system and an outbound firewall to keep it from spreading . If that does n't stop the bad stuff , it makes sure you have a backup of your data on a separate drive or on CDs.In the past , I have n't bought security products . There are plenty of free ones on the market that do a satisfactory job . However , ever since I tried OneCare as a beta tester , I fell in love with it . It is simple to use.Reduce your worries about being online down to OneCare and try it today .
 I have been using this product without a hiccough for almost six months , including the beta , and there is no reason to shop for another product.This security tool handles all your Windows machine needs , including : -- Virus protection -- Firewall -- Spyware -LRB- in conjunction with Windows Defender , downloaded automatically for free during the installation of OneCare -RRB- -- Machine performance tuning -LRB- disk defragmentation , missing updates -RRB- -- Backups -LRB- provided , of course , you have something to backup to ... -RRB- -- Automatic Windows updatesAs compared to other products , the memory and CPU footprint is smaller , freeing up resources to do other things.Unlike certain other products , it does not act like a giant billboard attempting to get you to buy more software from the maker.A single purchase at what appears to be an on-going $ 19.99 sale price provides protection for up to three machines for less than any of the major vendors charge for just anti-virus software for one machine.I see no good reason not to purchase this product , but there are a few bad reasons : -- If you are not using real Windows software , you will not be able to use this product , so if you bought a machine 5 years ago and had the neighbor 's 13 year old kid install the Windows XP he downloaded from the Internet , do n't bother . If you are not sure , try visiting the Microsoft site and follow the links to validate your software . -- As someone pointed out in another review , you will need to register at MSN . This is no big deal , and does nothing other than give an email address to Microsoft -LRB- just like McAfee , Norton , and everyone else does for registration of their software -RRB- . This account is used to track how many machines you are using the software on , and given the rampant software theft problems in the world , makes perfect sense . If you are paranoid that the most successful software company in the world plans to violate anti-spam legislation , just make up an email address.In summary , forget the competition , forget the `` I hate Microsoft '' zealots , and get some inexpensive , quality security software for your PC .
 Having got tired of Norton security products hogging ever more of my system 's resources I 'd been looking to switch security products to something a bit more lean and efficient for a while . When I heard that Microsoft were providing their new OneCare package as a free Beta I thought I 'd give it a try . I was not disappointed . This package has everything I need to keep my system running smoothly including : * Anti-virus -LRB- automatically updates with the latest virus definitions and even alerts you when it has updated to protect against any major viruses making the news i.e. Sober -RRB- * Anti-Spyware -LRB- automatically updates and includes the excellent Software Explorer which let 's you see what programs/services are starting up in the background and lets you switch off what you do n't require to free up system resources -RRB- * Integrates with Windows Update for notifcation of system updates . * Firewall -LRB- works great - although could allow for a little more user control -RRB- * Automated Backup -LRB- allows you to backup to external hard drives and CD/DVD -RRB- * System Tune-up -LRB- includes defragmentation and file clean-up -RRB- With such a range of tools I was expecting a significant hit on the speed at which my system ran but I could n't even notice it running other than the colored ` status ' icon in the task bar -LRB- red
 Finally , a security product geared towards the standard home user . It is not as user friendly as it should be for the home user , but pretty darn close . I am an independent developer and have been using the Beta and now the Live version on 4 different machines . So I have been able to see how well this performs . I have purposefully inflicted myself with various viruses and worms and it blocked them all with the exception of one . It was a newer one so that was exepcted . Norton did not block it either.The first thing you have to compliment Microsoft on is the pricing model . The fact that this price covers up to 3 PC 's in your household is perfect . All you need is a Microsoft Passport which millions of people already have . If not , it is easy to setup and you can use any email address to set one up unlike what another viewer said.The other next to perfect feature is the functionality that forces you , the user , to update your PC with the latest and greatest Microsoft security updates . If you do not do it , Window OneCare will do it for you . This can be a huge annoyance having your PC reboot without you wanting it to , but if you really think about it , what better way can there be to ensure you are always up to date . This goes hand in hand with the maintenance tools that run periodically to keep your PC running as well as it can.As my subject says , this is perfect for the home user . The standard John and Jane Doe who know they should have something but have no clue what they need nor how to get it . They do not need hundreds of windows to open ports and block this and open that . They usually do not want to go on the Internet and download freeware/crapware for their virus solution.Knowing Microsoft , this product will get better over time . And at this price for 3 PC 's , you really can not go wrong to give it a shot . It can be a pain in the behind uninstalling other software first -LRB- Norton can be a big pain to remove -RRB- , but in the long run , it is worth it .
 So far I have had a pretty easy time with OneCare . After reading other reviews , I learned that you should uninstall any other Security you have on your system . I was more than happy to get rid of McAfee . After this , the installation was very easy . It directed you to download Defender , so I am not sure what the problem was with one of the other reviewers . I did n't have to do any extra work to have that on the computer , just push a button when prompted . I also personally have n't had any rebooting problems with my PC . One problem/issue I have had has been touched upon in other reviews . The firewall system seems to be a little flawed . It will tell you that a program is `` allowed , '' such as Windows Media Connect , but then it wo n't actually allow it . I had to go in and manually allow different aspects of media connect , it was n't good enough to say that the whole program was allowed . I found this particularly strange since it is a microsoft program made for the Xbox 360 , which is a microsoft system . Strange . So now I know to keep my eye out for this particular situation in the future . Anyway , other than that , I have had a pretty easy time with OneCare . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I have had Norton for years since my company gave all of its employees free copies . Most of my collegues agreed that Norton left a lot to be desired - too much spyware and adware would get through . I have been participating in the beta for Microsoft 's product for over 4 months and have been impressed . The initial setup is easy and I have n't had to fiddel with it since . I think that since it is designed to operate seamlessly with Windows and Explorer , it has a easier time seeking and destroying problematic programs/viruses . Good stuff . I imagine that the commercial version is even better than the beta .
 I installed this software on a laptop about a month ago . It seems to be doing a good job and has sped up my boot up experience . The only glitch has been the 256 MB of RAM requirement -- but , I did n't really mind updating my memory since I 'd been meaning to do it for a while . Still , I can see how this might not go over too well for someone not planning on spending the extra bucks to upgrade their memory . I think the software should post some other requirement than 256 MB of memory , since it clearly does require a bit more . Like I say , though , other than that , this has been a very enjoyable experience for me . Faster boot up -LRB- extra memory does n't hurt , I 'll grant you -RRB- ... but , just smoother overall since it really is truly set and forget after the initial scans and updates , etc. . Nice that you can install the product on three PCs . I plan to install it on another PC as soon as the expiration date hits.Revision
 This product found over 110 viruses Norton -LRB- in an updated state -RRB- had not found . Performance increased drastically , as well .
 An excellent price for the best protection program i ; ve ever had . Fourth year , now , and no complaints .
 It was easy to install and use - one thing I really like is the backup utility . Have n't had any issues with it like I have with Norton or McAfee.Also , if you need help with it , you can actually call and get help - the others you can only email and wait .
 I have installed this product on two computers and I love the experience . Very hassel free . Does PC tune up and reports any problems immediately
 I have three computers at home and I switched to Windows Live OneCare on all three about 2 months ago . I thought it was very easy to install and setup . I have had NO problems whatsoever since . I like that it runs a `` tune-up '' every so often and gives me a report on the results . My oldest computer -LRB- almost 5 years old -RRB- has n't run this well since it was new . I am no Microsoft fan but I can give credit where credit is due . I like this product very much so far .
 Once this is on your computer it reminds when there are updates and has a visual status as to the current condition of your computers security ... This is an all in one product package .
 Great simple product that anyone can use to protect themselves and does n't seem to slow the PC to a crawl like McAfee and Norton seem to do -LRB- especially McAfee -RRB- . My only complaint is the lack of options on the policy and notices . For example if you do n't have the phishing filter in IE7 turned on it keeps notifying you about it . I do n't feel I need to send all my URLs to Microsoft to validate them.Even with that the product is still the best out there , especially for the discounted price ! :--RRB- I have it installed on all 3 PC 's in the house !
 I installed Live OneCare on my laptop first to check it out . I uninstalled my old virus program before installing Live OneCare as instructed . I followed the installation instructions to tune up and backup programs . Everything worked well . Then I installed Live OneCare on my desktop computer . Installation went very smoothly . I have Windows XP Pro installed on my laptop and Windows Media Center installed on my desktop .
 Regarding the `` does n't work with VPNs '' comment below , there is definitely a solution , which is noted in the help files , though not really easy to find.To use the regular Windows VPN you need to enable the `` VPN General Routing Encapsulation -LRB- GRE -RRB- '' protocol in the advanced Firewall setting dialog.I also regularly use the Cisco VPN software and that works fine without changing any settings.As for the rest of the product , I like it but would like to see a lot more settings and configuration options . This is great for users that do n't want to mess with it much , but more flexibility would be nice . That said , I have n't found anything that I NEED to do that ca n't be done in the virus or firewall sections.Better backup options would be appreciated , such as using internal hard drives or USB key drives for backup.But overall this is a very fine first version product and I think I will use it instead of other bloated packages ...
 I had tried two other virus protection software applications and kept losing my internet connection . I loaded Windows Live OneCare and have not had a problem since . I also like the added feature of backing up my system nightly to my external hard drive . I highly recommend this product !!!
 It is very easy to use and get set up . It also does it all and leaves me to just surf or cruise the net with no worries . Less intrusive than Norton and fewer bugs than McAfee , I 've tried both and One Care works better and lets me get on to the business of computing .
 I have no technical training in computers , so must speak from purely a consumer 's point of view . I do not work for Microsoft , either.Windows Live Onecare has been on my 3 computers for 6 months and have not had any difficulty with it until today , when I accidently exited out of an update . The program crashed ... but I had it back up and running in minutes by simply reinstalling . -LRB- A TIP
 The main things that distinguish Windows Live OneCare from Norton Internet Security for me are
 Pro 's : up to 3 licenses on one disk , very easy to understand -LRB- you just have a `` 1 '' enclosed in a green , yellow , or red circle on your toolbar/startup area to notify you of the level of security -RRB- . If yellow or red , you just click on it to see what needs to be done . I love the tune-up feature so I do n't have to remember to defrag the computer , plus I have a backup hard drive and as part of the tune-up feature it automatically backs up all your files to the hard drive.Con 's : You must de-activate or remove all other virus protection on your computer . While it 's not microsofts fault , it 's amazing how difficult it can be to remove Norton 's anti-virus -LRB- this guarantees I will never give norton another try -RRB- . Also , the initial complete set up when including the tune-up , addition of recommended windows defender for spyware , and IE version 7 ends up taking almost an hour per computer . However , once that hour is over with , it pretty much takes care of itself , and it 's smooth sailing ever since.I just hope they -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- do n't use this as a teaser to get me in the door , and then say to renew I have to pay a per-PC fee to re-license for a year . If the same 3 PC license holds up , I should be renewing for a long time . Very happy with the purchase .
 As with the other reviewers , I 've had negative experiences with most other antivirus and security suites . OneCare is very lightweight and easy to use and so far has not negatively effected the stability or performance of my PC.Since I run Windows XP , I have to annually reformat my hard drive and reinstall the operating system to get it back on its feet again . I use this time to install new antivirus software . I recall after one XP reinstall having had a super fast PC until installing Norton System Works 2004 , which threw performance into the can and had a ton of glitches . I tried ZoneAlarm whose minor updates where always a complete uninstall/reinstall and it eventually knocked out Outlook 's ability to fetch email . Trend Micro 's PCcillin 2005 was great but then performance seriously tanked after installing 2006 . The photo gallery on my own website would take five second per page to load unless I turned off the firewall and then the delay dropped to sub-second response.So , what I like most about OneCare is that I hardly know it 's even there except for the occasional bubble reminding me that OneCare is up to date . Browsing is not seriously bogged down either by inefficient scanners checking for scams.I am starting to think that the Apple OS X approach is a good one to follow . Leave the security of the operating system in the hands of the maker of the OS , especially since they have insider information . If OneCare does n't cause serious performance or stability problems then it will probably be the last security suite I 'll ever run on my PC . Hmmm , now about Vista ...
 After reading all of the reviews , I decided to give this product a try . My Norton subscription ran out and I had concerns about the new version . Too many times , vendors write software that is a genuine mess , giving Microsoft a bad name . After all , if the creator of Windows XP made it , should n't it be a seamless program ? My answer is yes and no . The program does exactly what it is supposed to do . It did take a fair amount of time to set it up -LRB- dial up -RRB- , but other than that , went well . Like all aspects of Windows XP , OneCare tries to help you . The problem for me is , the computer is busy doing its own thing , and my needs are secondary . I utilize a laptop and do not leave it turned on all the time , so when I boot up , OneCare dutifully performs its tasks , and this takes time . You can neuter it , but it kind of defeats the ideas surrounding it . If you have a dedicated home system with a high speed connection , this product may be ideal for you . For those of us on the go , I suggest purchasing Office for Mac and installing it on your Ibook , leaving your Windows based system at home . I 've used Microsoft products for a very long time , but feel that their very best products have been Windows ' 98 , and the aformentioned product for Macintosh .
 I bought an old version and got a year 's subscription -LRB- and the new version downloaded -RRB- at the cheapest possible price . A great deal ! Thank you !
 Compatible with my system and programs . Does n't try to take over my computer as Norton 's did . Scans thoroughly and identities and destroys threats .
 My subscription with Norton recently expired . Since the renewal was fairly expensive I found this product for less than half the cost of the renewal and decided to give it a try . I have used the beta version of Defender for a while which worked fine so I was hopeful that Live would work just as well , which it does . I had no problems with installation or set up . I did know ahead of time that other security programs needed to be uninstalled . The interface is clean , easy to use and does not bother the user with a lot of random pop ups . You can pretty much schedule any function to run whenever you want it to . I have n't used the back up feature yet . Mainly I ca n't configure it to back up the files I really want to back up . As best I can tell , it defaults to a number of folders and file types , not all of which I need to back up . I would like to see more user control and flexibilty with this feature . This is n't a big issue since I have other ways of doing a back up . I also like the fact that this product can be used on up to three PCs . I have two , so it works out great for me . This is a bit unusual for a Microsoft product . Overall a very good product . I have seen no problems with system slow down or resource hogging .
 I would have given this product 5 stars , but there are a few things I do n't like about it . For starters , their Spy-ware `` Defender '' is still in `` Beta '' Stages , and works pretty well , but if you got nasty Trojan or something , it might detect it , but it most likly wo n't get rid of it completely such as `` Spyware Doctor '' will . Also the Backup of files is pretty hard to work with if you have directories with lots of Folders , you have to manually add them to be backed up . They need a Check Mark Box system like Norton Ghost.Now let 's move on to the good ... This is an all in one product that does exactly what it says . Built in firewall and anti-virus protection w/some Spyware protection . The firewall is not `` noisy '' and will only need user input if it does n't recgonize the program that is trying to access the internet . Everything is auto-updating so you do n't have to worry about ever being caught with your pants down . It even will check for Windows downloads that are critical that need to be downloaded . My favorite part of all is that it does n't abuse the CPU . I have installed Norton 2006 AV on 3 different computers -LRB- and that was n't cheap ! -RRB- and on all 3 of them I noticed a HUGE Performance DECREASE . Live OneCare is now installed on all 3 of those machines and they are running flawlessly . No large performance drop that I could even tell . Plus most verisions of this software allow upto 3 PC 's to be added under 1 lisence for 1 Year -LRB- all for the same price - take that Symantic -RRB- . If you are trying to decide between this prducts and the others on the market , give this one a try . You can download it for a 90 day trial . If you like it buy it . If not , then just uninstall it and move on to your choice # 2 .
 After dealing with McAfee bombarding me with non-stop pop-ups and finally getting fed up with it , I decided to try Microsoft Live OneCare and was pleasantly surprised . Once it loads and updates , it just does its job without being intrusive . So far , I have not experienced any compatability issues or problems . It also has a backup feature which makes backing up to DVD 's a snap . Finally , and this is very important to me , my computer boots up very fast with it . With McAfee , it seemed to take forever to my computer to boot up . Again , unless I saw the little icon at the bottom of the screen , I would n't even know that Windows Live OneCare was running - which is how it should be.The only thing that I do not really like is the Windows Defender that comes with it . This program is not as good as other spyware protection programs that are free -LRB- like AdAware -RRB- . Overall , I am very pleased with this product and recommend it highly . I 've installed it on both of my computers and bought another copy for my Dad to install on his .
 Here is the thing about all those people who hate Microsoft ; most of them have bootleg copies of Windows . And anyone who has `` gone legit '' knows the headaches stop when you actually buy it . I 'm 22 years old and since getting my first computer at age 15 I 've run bootleg copies of windows . And all of my computers had problems . So finally I decided I wanted to build a new computer . And part of the budget I made for myself is that I bought a sparkling new legit copy of Windows XP . I have NEVER had a problem with it so far . I 'm even running dual operating systems with the Windows Vista BETA build , and that has n't crashed yet either.So in short as I 'm reviewing Windows Live OneCare I have to ask how many of you are running a pirated copy of Windows ? Because it works great on a legit copy . The backup function is very nice . Other programs have it too , but on One Care it 's very easy . If you have the right hardware it 'll even do it all for you . You can go to work or school and come home with a backup DVD . I have a DVD and a CD burner ; I can even set it up to burn one of each in two separate drives . It takes far less memory to run than McAfee , which is what I was running before . And the true reason I got OneCare is because when I was running the Internet Explorer 7 BETA , McAfee does n't support it . The interface is easy to use , as it is a Windows product . If you can navigate the Windows interface you can navigate the OneCare interface . Also it 's nice that your security program also performs maintenance such as when you defragment your hard drive as part of the process . So in conclusion , run straight out Windows with straight out OneCare and you 'll be fine . If you are a Windows hater , you 'll probably give this product 1 star because of the namesake . Just remember the reason that most of you have your problems is because you wo n't just go buy a real working product.Cons -LRB- Negatives first -RRB- -49.99 is pretty expensive , but it covers 3 PCs and McAfee was costing me 39.99-Not really a Con , but if you are running bootleg Windows it wo n't work well for you-Security advisement can cause unstable programs to crash . Example
 Best price on the internet , and the best Microsoft product ever developed . I bought three , I build and repair computers for a living , I recommend Microsoft Windows Live One Care to all my costumers .
 PLEASED WITH BACK UP FUNCTION WHICH MACAFEE DID NOT OFFER . SEEMS TO WORK AT LEAST AS WELL AS MACAFEE ON VIRUS/WORM PROTECTION . WISH IT COULD ALSO PREVENT MICROSOFT FREEZES AND CRASHES , BUT I SUPPOSE THE PRODUCT WOULD CLAIM IT GIVES A 110 % EFFORT AND IS TAKING IT ONE TASK AT A TIME AND GIVE CREDIT TO ITS FELLOW MICROSOFT PRODUCTS AND PROMISE THAT VISTA WILL CONTRIBUTE WHEN IT 'S PROCLAIMED READY TO GO INTO THE CONSUMER ARENA .
 It seems to be working well.It is easy to use.It does work in the background & is doing the updates when I 'm not using the computer.You can run a scan any time you want , if you want.It 's easy to do.I have n't really found any need to . Every once in awhile I do run a scan just to be on the safe side.Their customer service is great ! They really do help you if you have a problem . Even when it is your fault not theirs . It does let you know if there is a threat or an action needs to be taken .
 It 's nice to have a security system thats works hand in hand with your operating system . The ONLY down-side is that it needs a lot of babysitting . It seems like everytime I turn on my computer it needs me to do something . But its worth it .
 This product simply works . It is unobtrusive and effective . I have not had any security problems since installing it several months ago . It does its job quickly and quietly . I have uninstalled all other security related products and rely exclusively on this .
 I like the way the one care works . . You can still do your stuff while tune-up is in progress . .
 THIS IS THE BEST ONE I HAVE FOUND AND ITS CHEAPER HERE THAN WAL-MART
 I 've used both McAfee and Norton virus scanners in the past . They were either system resource hogs or liked to pester you to purchase the complete `` suite '' of products to keep your machines fully protected . I just want a virus/spyware scanner that works . Microsoft has provided just that.Microsoft One Care includes licenses for up to three computers . The competition requires seperate purchases for each machine and that can get expensive quickly . I have my desktop , laptop and media center machine all protected for one low price.Bottom line , it just works and I am very happy with this purchase . I highly recommend it !
 Great software for the home and business user ! Easy to install and setup and does not slow down our systems like other security software I 've used in the past . I recomend this to everyone that has a PC . This software is as close as it gets to `` Install It and Forget It '' ! DanTopeka , KS
 This is a great product at a great price through Amazon . Installation was very simple and flawless . Previously , I had used McAfee Security Suite and Webroot SpySweeper and I never realized the extent to which they degraded system performance . With OneCare , boot-up , shut-down and net-surfing are incredibly faster.Although I was initially disappointed that Microsoft did not include a spam-blocker , I now realize that the majority of spam blocking occurs at the ISP level and that McAfee 's anti-spam really only placed the spam that broke through into another folder -LRB- I had to delete as I would have from my mail browser -RRB- . I now no longer have conflicts between McAfee and SpySweeper and needless blocking of events which the firewall handles quite well . Free updates to the program , backup utilities and a license to use on up to 3 computers are added advantages . For 20 bucks for the first year -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- , you ca n't go wrong .
 True , this is not yet a proven product , but it 's probably already the best all-in-one security/maintenance product I 've used so far . . it includes a defrag scheduler , which I think should be standard in this type of product , as well as a `` backup nag '' . How many people have slow computers or have lost data just due to ignoring these two tasks ?? Plenty ! I 'm working on a pc right now . . the owners lost all their data , apparently never even thinking about backup . . Symantec , the PROVEN security product , has really become a hog , is much more expensive , and does n't include the maintenance tasks , at least not in such a streamlined fashion . . this product is what most home and small biz users can really use , so let 's hope Microsoft keeps it up to date and effective !
 There is nothing new or unknown about the way Microsoft does software . Microsoft is rarely the innovator but is always the best executor.I have been using the Onecare beta for some time and recently purchased the subscription . The best feature of Onecare is the bundling of all things security , backup and tuning which keeps a unified and simple interface without the need for running different programs . The other thing I liked about Onecare is its resource utilization factor ; unlike its competitors this program is not a resource hog . The interface is quite simple , without any popups or nag screens and the price is right.All in all this is a typical Microsoft product . A little late to enter the fray but nonetheless very good in the end .
 LiveCare is much easier on my XP system than Symantec ever was . Installation was simple and fast . Set-up was a breeze.I set all my options with ease , now I run on auto-pilot with my security settings . Every security program should be this easy .
 I TRYED THE 90 DAYS FREE WINDOWS LIVE ONE CARE , ITS A VERY GOOD PROGRAM , WHEN YOUR 90 DAYS RUNS OUT ITS VERY EASY TO PUT IN YOUR PRODUCT KEY , ALL IN ALL THIS PROGRAM TO ME IS THE BEST MICROSOFT PROGRAM EVER GOOD JOB MICROSOFT !!
 The anti virus is ok , but the nice thing about this , is the fact that it will also , back up , defragment , update , etc. which is why its called one care . the firewall is good , but i find that I have to add a nice amount of programs manually to the allowed list , and ironically some of them are microsoft programs . For instance , i was trying to sync my cousins pocket pc with microsoft active sync , and everything we tried would n't work , till we called a dell technician -LRB- it was a axim -RRB- though we should have called a microsoft techi cause he figured out the problem was microsoft 's own firewall !! but otherwise great program !!!
 I downloaded the beta of OneCare back in April and so far I am pleased with the suite . While the antivirus utility is n't as full-featured as some other offerings -LRB- there is n't an option to scan POP or SMTP mail -RRB- it thoroughly scans all drives for viruses . I especially dig the firewall which detects outbound as well as inbound traffic.Windows Defender -LRB- still in beta -RRB- must be installed separately but it works well with the suite and is generally very stable . The price is right too ; for $ 50 dollars a year you 're covered for up to 3 computers and upgrades to future versions also . Very cool in my book . Inevitably the Microsoft naysayers will complain about something in OneCare that just is n't `` perfect enough '' . Ignore them . With a small installation footprint and minimal fuss OneCare is a very bright entry into the security suite arena .
 I love this software ! I used it for quite a long time and then upgraded to a newer version recently !
 The games are n't great but finally , finally ! A Portuguese related product that focuses on Brazilian Portugueses , yes , the English is very British , but I gave it 5 stars because as a native English speaker moving to So Paulo , I was only interested in the Portuguese portion and not really much in the games as I prefer to learn vocab from reading . This program serves my present needs very well . It can be installed in multiple computers and you do n't need the disc to use it , not even the sound . The accent is carioca - that is Brazilian and from Rio , so useful to students of Brazilian portuguese and the word choices are generally very Brazilian as well . I have used this well chatting on the net with Brazilian friends but also while reading rather academic works in Portuguese , so I recommend it for those who would want it for Brazilian Portuguese or British English and more for the dictionary than the games .
 I 've had this product for about a week now , and have found it very useful in my quest to learn Brazilian Portuguese . I 'm a native English speaker who also speaks Spanish fairly well . While Spanish pronunciation is very phonetic , Portuguese is much more of a challenge for me . With this talking dictionary , I can enter Portuguese words , and have them pronounced by a native speaker , a big aid in improving my pronunciation.This dictionary also makes looking up words from internet articles easy
 As with most language learning aids , you have to use the product steadily over an extended period of time in order to actually remember more than a few vocabulary words . I used this 4-5 times spread out within a few weeks knowing that I would n't be able to communicate in Dutch in the Netherlands , but eager to learn some phrases to introduce myself with . I did learn the phrases and enjoyed the games on the program , but the most valuable skill I learned from the program was Dutch pronunciation in general . I traveled with some family members who were completely lost about how to pronounce signs or menu items while I had little trouble .
 I 'm happy , but product ships with version 2.2 of the software , that kept resetting my LCD monitor to about 5000 degrees K . This is way too warm . On my own , dowloaded version 2.3 of the software from the ColorVision website , and BINGO , my Samsung LCD monitor looks great . ColorVision needs to get the word out , on their website -LRB- home page please -RRB- or through stickers on the box ! Poor souls who simply buy and install will be quite disappointed !
 I 'm an advanced amateur photographer who takes photos mainly for my own pleasure but I 've also sold some prints and I also do some paid assignments . Anyway , trying to calibrate my monitor to achieve accurate color has been a difficult , seemingly impossible , sometimes almost futile endeavor . I 've used manual -LRB- eyeballing -RRB- software tools such as Adobe Gamma without any success . Adobe Gamma got me whole lot closer to my ideal of a perfect color match than my factory default unadjusted monitor , but it was still off ... the colors were a little too warm and the gamma a bit too high . Then I decided to order a hardware calibration tool . Enter the Spyder2Express . This thing is amazing ! It was very easy to install and set up . About 10 minutes later my monitor was perfectly calibrated ! Now my prints match what I see on the screen with amazing precision . I should have ordered one of these things a while ago ... it would have saved me tons of headache and wasted prints .
 I am a serious amateur photographer , that recently purchased a film scanner . I quickly realized that calibrating my monitor was required as the first step in making accurate color corrected scans of my slides . This express version worked easily , was easy to install , and worked as advertised . I do not regret my purchase . It creates a fixed named ICC profile for the computer that it is installed on . I was pleased that I purchased it , happy with the calibration results for my purposes . I 'm sure a hard core production house would prefer a more sophisticated device . I saw a definate change and more vivid colors after calibration . My setup is a laptop in a docking station . I wanted to have an ICC profile for the laptop screen , and a different one for the docked and connected flatscreen monitor . If you have this situation , or if you run a dual monitor computer you will need the PRO version to support making two differently named ICC profiles . There is a workaround however . One can not simply copy and rename an ICC profile that is produced because it contains internal settings too . But the workaround is to download from Msft the COLOR manager addin for XP . I made a copy of the profile created by Spyder express , renamed it . opened it in COLOR manager and internally rename the profile . After a little tinking , re running the calibration process and using the MSft COLOR manager app , I was able to crate two ICC profiles , one for my monitor , one for my laptop screen . It would have been easier to simply purchase the PRO version of this program . Overall , for my purposes , I was pleased .
 Why bother with calibration any other way . I mean , by `` eye '' . J@R -LRB- via amazon website -RRB- shipped quickly and had free shipping . I called Colorvision tech support to ask a quick question and received a quick answer . Also , colorvision answered the phone !!!! Wow . Unheard of these days . You ever call Dell ... yikes . I calibrated two LG Flatron LCD monitors -LRB- on separate machines -RRB- in 30 minutes . Easy to do and no problems with the software . I compared the icc profile against what I had done by `` hand/eye '' and , although I was close , it was a slight bit better with the Spyder . The test will be when I send out to the printer and try the two different profiles ; mine and the Spyder . I will write back .
 Anyone doing digital photography needs to calbrate their monitor . There are several reaconably priced hardware products availe which do that well . As a Mac user , the choices are limited . After reading reviews on several products , I purchased the Spyder2 and it works as advertised . The only issue was , I was unable to find a way to reset the monitor -LRB- 30 '' Aple Cinema Display -RRB- to factory defaults . I disabled the manual controls and told the calibration s/w that there were no controls . It calibrated the monitor properly . Simple to use , reliable results . Good investment .
 I never realized how important it was to calibrate your monitor until I got my most recent batch of prints back from Snapfish and was appalled by the colors in the photographs . They were not at all like what I was seeing on my monitor when I worked on my photographs in Adobe Photoshop . Obviously the on-line print service was reading the colors completely differently from my monitor . I tried the calibration program that came embedded in Photoshop , but it does n't work on an LCD screen , only on the old type monitors that no one has anymore . I purchased Spyder2 Express and used it on all of my laptp monitors , and it made a huge difference , both in the color on my screen , and in the prints coming back from Snapfish . Who was to know that you ca n't trust the colors on your monitor , or that you are wasting hours working on your pictures in Photoshop , because the colors you are tweaking on your screen are not accurate anyway . If you work on photos in your computer , color calibration is a must , and Spyder2 Express is easily the most cost effective of the programs . -LRB- Note
 I 'm a pro photographer and have had a lot of experience with monitor calibration . The Spyder2 is as good as colorimeters costing over $ 1K . I only wish I had bought the pro version with multi monitor support that I will upgrade to . I have n't had the time to try the printer software , but without a spectrophotometer it 'll just get you to a best guess calibration . The Spyder2 is well worth the money just for the monitor calibration .
 My Dell 1905FP is an excellent LCD monitor . The default ICM profile made it appear a bit too bright and/or harsh but the color was fine . After calibrating it with this it looks MUCH better . Colors appear natural and in the correct balance . I now make prints that are very close to matching what I see on the monitor whereas before it was pretty much a trial and error process . Highly recommended for digital photographers .
 I recently bought a new laptop that had a horrible blue color cast on the monitor . I purchased this product because it was recommended by an instructor from a Photoshop class I took . Originally I had problems running the program because the driver for the Spyder would not install . My laptop runs on Windows Vista 64-bit operating system , and I have found most software programs need to be updated for the 64-bit program . This one is no exception . I took a while for me to find the update -LRB- Spyder2express 2.3.6 -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- I needed to install in order to fix this particular problem . Once I found it and installed the update , everything ran smoothly , and my monitor looks MUCH better .
 I recently changed over from a PC to latest iMAC . Transferring software for this product I found a prompt for a serial number . However I had long since thrown the packaging . Reading general customer comments on the web I found a lot of negative press for Data Color help desk and complaint that customers could not get the serial number . However my experience was very good . I got a quick response , you just need to quote them the number on the USB plug . Calibration worked great !
 Does what it is advertised to do , and does it pretty quickly and easily on both Windows and Mac clients . -LRB- I used it on my XP desktop and MacBook Pro Laptop -RRB- Biggest drawback is that you ca n't specify the white point . This is only available in $ $ $ version . But it certainly improved my monitor output and now the output from my monitor and my prints -LRB- printed at Costco using a profile for the local costco downloaded from drycreekphoto.com -RRB- are much closer than they have ever been . I would n't say it is exact , but much better .
 I was very skeptical of buying Express edition due to the big price difference between Express edition and other Spyder editions . I was pleasantly surprised to see the outcome out of $ 70 product.I highly recommend this product . A must buy for every digital photographer with out going bankrupt .
 I wrestled with getting this or the new Spyder 3 -LRB- which calibrates your printer & scanner too -RRB- but did n't want to pay that much , so I took a chance & got the Express -LRB- why would I need to calibrate my printer too if I print in PS ? hmmm -RRB- & it worked great !!! I 'm now printing what I see on my monitor ! :D . . no more too contrasty , no detail in my whites/blacks , greenish prints :P Just took a little research & time to get all the variables to work together -LRB- printer & PS options + ICC profiles -RRB-
 I do n't usually get too excited about tech products , but this one really worked for me . I have a 3 year old Dell running Windows XP with a 19 '' LCD and the results are absolutely incredible . I almost ca n't believe how much better everything looks . I bought this product because I 've been very frustrated for some time about the variations I was getting from my monitor to printed photos . The printed images really did n't look the same as they did on the monitor . Once the Spyder was finished calibrating the difference is huge . Photos and the LCD display are almost a dead match . Highly recommended .
 I had just purchased a Nikon DSLR and was viewing my first photos on my labtop . They were very disappointing . A professional photographer pulled them up on his laptop and I noticed the difference right away . The colors were accurate and crisp . I explained my original disappointment , and he told me about Spyder2 . Wow , what a difference .
 It 's the budget colorimeter for home use to have it for your great colour and tone especially for your photo work .
 This product is essential for all serious photographers.My monitor showed better colors and contrast and its easy to use.Pros
 Does what is says it 's going to do without much fuss . Easy to install and operate .
 The Spyder2 is very simple to use.However , the provided software give only limited setting.The calibrator and the weigh not balance well while hangingon the monitor . I have to hold the cord while calibrating.Otherwise , it 's very good .
 This product was recommended by a speaker at a photoshop workshop . He said it was the most accurate way to calibrate your monitor.The product was shipped fast and was in good condition .
 product was received in a timely fashion . It was a bit confusing to set up but once done , it works great . The calibration was immediate and my monitor is looking great .
 Spyder2 Express makes color calibration quick and easy . Ca n't be much more simple than this .
 Firs , thanks for FAST delivery . I think it was only two days before I recieved my package.Product is excellent , right to the piont , easy to use , and ACCURATE calibration . I did not try the PrinterFix yet , but I guess it should be good.I recommend this product , , , , , great value for the money .
 It help me my way through the mess with digital color by caibrating my monitor and my laptop . Works great .
 Good tool . Does n't make that much difference in LCDs but made a huge difference on my Dell laptop.Look into the Microsoft Control Panel color applet if you use a docking station.OVERALL , seems to be a good device and helps give you some piece of mind .
 Thus far the Spyder2 has been on the money . When I compare printed vs. viewed pictures , they are remarkably similar in tone and exposure .
 The monitor profiler works great.The print fix plus software is a print tweak , repeat affair . I needed five tries to get close on the first paper I tried .
 For the longest time my photos did not print out the way it looked on my monitor . After doing a little research I got the Colorvision Syder2 to calibrate my monitor . Its easy to use . Within minutes my monitor was calibrated . I gave it a test and immediately printed out a photo . It was exactly what I was looking for . It printed out great . Monitor calibration is what I needed and the Colorvision Spyder2 did a great job .
 Excellent for the novice . I callibrated three monitors with the spider . Prior to calibration the images were completely different from each other - after I was amazed how close the images were to each other . The process is so simple that even a cave man could do it .
 I was a little weary of spending such a low amount on a calibrator . Glad I took a chance ! The software is fairly straight forward , and the results are extremely accurate !
 This product was simple to use and worked great on all my computers . It was a good buy at a good price
 Works as described - monitor never looked as good . Colors are bright and true .
 Excellent product . As easy to use as one , two , three . One , install software . Two plug in the device . Three reset the monitor to factory default and wait few minutes - you are done.I could definitely see the improvement , not just in Photoshop -LRB- I had to redo a few photos :-LRB- since the colors were originally off -RRB- but also the DVD movies , -LRB- finally lost their yellowish cast -RRB- and overall feel of the monitor.Excellent product for reasonable price .
 Bought this to calibrate my monitors and big screen tv 's , excellent product , does what it 's supposed to do
 If I had to do it all over again , I would spend a little more money and get a top of the line calibration from either Spyder or one of the other good companies . I ended up spending $ 800 to get a good monitor , because I realized the main problem I had was the crappy LCD display I had .
 I have had this for 2 years now . It has not quit on me yet . Delivers good color and great at maintaining it . I lost my serial and wrote the company about my issue , they sent me a new serial within a day . I was very pleased with their costumer service . definitely a 5 star product .
 This product was very easy to use and made a definite difference on my LCD screen . You ca n't beat the results for the price ! Definitely recommend this to anyone who takes digital photos .
 The Spyder 2 Express was bought after some serious printing disasters . I now have the confidence that my images will actually print as they look on the screen !
 Not knowing what the high dollar units do , I find this acceptable for everyday use . You plug it in and it does the job .
 Does n't have all the bells and whistles of the pro version but certainly does all I need it to . Great deal for the price !
 I had several issues with the Spyder2 at first
 Cheap , quick , and easy to use -LRB- on my Mac , and until I get around to calibrating my Windows machines , I 'll assume the Windows functionality is at least as good -RRB- . BE WARNED that this is only set up to do ONE MONITOR PER COMPUTER , and on a laptop it does n't let you choose , and of course laptop displays are not particularly suited to colour-critical applications . There are complicated ways around this , but it is simply not what this product is intended to do , and it is not a particularly well-advertised fact . That said , you absolutely get your money 's worth here
 Very neat monitor calibration kit , software is easy to use and understand , hardware is state of the art . You also have the option to upgrade the software package to more professional ones . But the Spyder2Express is definitely enough for most everyday color calibrations.If you have multiple pc/mac monitors , be it LCD or CRT , this one can calibrate it all . However keep in mind it does not support multiple-monitor setup -LRB- 2 or more monitors stacked together -RRB-
 I really was sceptical that profiling the monitor could make that much of a difference but I bought this product to try . Was I wrong - it makes a huge difference . You simply ca n't get good , consistent results without profiling your monitor and this product is excellent at doing that for you . It was easy , straightforward , and the quality of the Spyder is great . I 've never used the more expensive systems but this one is a big step up from the lower priced systems . And Amazon was $ 20 cheaper than the anywhere else .
 I have two laptops , a Mac and a Windows PC , both of the monitors needed color calibrating , the colors were always way too light with hardly any contrast at all . Luckily for me , I have a great printer , so my work always comes out the colors it should but what 's printed out never looks like what I see on my monitors , until now ! I was able to calibrate both of my laptops within 30 minutes . And the colors look great !! I 'm a graphic/web designer and developer , so this product was absolutely essential ! I definitely recommend it and at a later date , I plan on upgrading to higher level of Spyder . If you have the money and you are thinking about purchasing a product such as this one , choose Spyder2 Express , it 's easy , fast , and it really works !
 The Spyder2 Express was easy to install , easy to operate , and did what it claims to do . I just got a ViewSonic VX922 LCD and the display looked great . After running the Spyder2 Express , it was the difference between night and day . Everything went from great to awesome ! Everything , including games looked so much better . I am very happy that I invested in the Spyder2 Express . I recommend the same for you ! You will not be disappointed .
 I have owned a lot of really nice monitors . I use an Apple MacBook Pro and have had Apple monitors and then some . I used the Spyder 2 Express to calibrate my MacBook Pro today and what a difference it makes . I always thought the default display was the way Apple set it up , so that 's the way it should be . In fact , I judged my new Dell 2408WFP monitor against my MacBook Pro display and found the Dell to be very saturated.Now , it 's a fact that that monitor is very saturated out of the box , but looking at the uncalibrated MacBook display I thought the Dell would have to go back because it was horribly saturated . When in reality , my MacBook Pro display was simply dull and lifeless . That is n't to say that the Dell was correct , only that the MacBook was muted and not vibrant , or contrasty in any way . I fixed that in 10 minutes with the Spyder 2 . My display is now gorgeous . The colors pop , but are not saturated , the contrast is beautiful and the whole thing just seems more lifelike to me . I ca n't wait to get the Spyder 2 home to work on my Dell 2408WFP which I have played with and gotten great results with , without this tool.I highly recommend this to anyone looking for more lifelike colors , better contrast and more control over the default settings from the manufacturer . The manufacturer 's settings are nothing compared to what this creates . My only problem is that this version does n't control Gamma and I think that 's the main issue with the Dell 2408WFP . We 'll see .
 I do n't have the higher versions of this calibrator , but this seems to do the job just fine . I have two computers , a MacBook Pro and a desktop PC . The colors on both were really far off . Editing photos were a pain because it would look different when I look at them from the two computers . So I decided to buy this and calibrate both monitors.Calibration was fast and easy . Just install the software , put the calibrator over the monitor for a few minutes and let it run , and baam ! Color perfect ! Now both of my systems are accurate in terms of color , and I am confident with printing and sharing my photos over the web without thinking the colors are completely out of whack .
 After some initial difficulty getting the software to recognize the colorimeter , the product works as advertised . My software difficulties were resolved by downloading the latest software version from their web site ... however the exact version I needed to download was not immediately apparent to me from the text on the web site , which led to some false starts being recommended by their tech support . Tech support response times were good , and despite the false starts , they recommended a solution that resolved the problem within five business days .
 This unit works well , the software is a little hinky . It does not explain when to attach the spyder , but if you keep going back you can figure it out . Other than that I am satisfied .
 I spend a LOT of time post processing my photos . I have known for a long time how important it is to have your monitor calibrated in order to get the best possible results , but have been too lazy to get a calibration system . I finally bit the bullet and got the Spyder2 Express . The program installed very easily and makes a noticeable improvement on the images I see on my monitor . I have a dual monitor system , but have only calibrated one of the monitors . This makes it easy to see the difference between the calibrated monitor images and the non-calibrated ones . It is a BIG difference . The colors are much richer and details are more visible . For the price this is a great program .
 Most people tend to think of color calibration as something professional graphic artist or photographers need to do.BUT , what they do know is that a well calibrated screen just looks so much better in general . Text is easier to read , photos looks better , the screen is easier to read from different angles etc.Basically , a well calibrated screen helps your monitor to perform at its best . And the higher resolution the monitorthe more critical this becomes because the text is smaller.I had tried the Pantone Huey before and was very disappointed with the results . I am happy to be able to say that withthe Spyder Express it performed well above my expectations . This is as easy as you can get to color calibrating your screen.I ca n't imagine it being any easier.The bottom line
 I use my laptop 90 % of the time and wanted my images to look closer to what I expected when printed . This will not take care of all your color management issues , it is only one part but it does the job very nicely.The directions were very easy to follow it took about 10 minutes total . If you use Vista you have to download a driver from Colorvision 's site so the software will download , go to the site before you start to install and it will save you time .
 Calibrated the LCD monitors on two Windows computers with the Spyder2 Express . Effortless . Excellent results first time on each computer.Until now , we 've had to use two manually-set calibrations
 I read a lot about monitor calibration and asked several people their opinions before purchasing this product . I found good and bad reviews on every product out there . In the end I went with this one because a friend had purchased it and was very happy with it and the price was affordable . I have calibrated once so far and have been happy with it . The advice I received was to calibrate at night when you can make the room totally dark so the ambient light does not effect the colors on your monitor . I would recommend this product to anyone in need of an inexpensive monitor calibration software .
 I guess you could say when it come to ease of use -- in terms of just setting up this gizmo and running monitor adjustments -- it gets 4 stars , maybe 5 , for ease of use . Install the software in a minute , position the sensor , start the program , lie to the software and say your monitor has no controls of any kind -LRB- Spyder will then kick off a completely automated , hands-free scan -RRB- , and less than 10 minutes later you 're home free . Unfortunately after over a dozen runs on 3 of my monitors , it 's evident that Spyder 's programmers are fascinated , maybe even obsessed , with the color RED . They must figure the redder the better , I guess . Finally I ignored one of their iron-clad rules
 I was surprised how much it changed the color reproduction on the monitors -- especially since I was n't really sure the monitors needed calibration . The first calibration on the 17 '' MacBook Pro did NOT produce good results ; Apple recommends using a target gamma of 1.8 so that was what I initially used and the resulting calibration was horrible . I reran the calibration using the target gamma recommended by Spyder -LRB- i.e. , 2.2 -RRB- and got great results . Since then I 've calibrated two other monitors and gotten very good results -- the tones look truer and the colors are more vibrant . My only regret is that I did n't shell out the extra $ $ for the Pro version so that the software would remembered which monitor was being calibrated .
 A very easy and inexpensive device to calibrate your display . I never expected such a great improvement in my iMac monitor after calibrating it with the Spyder2 from Color Vision . I recommend it highly .
 Works very easily , does all the work for you . Significant difference after calibrating using Spyder . I had tried using the Adobe Gamma calibrator , but never achieved good results . I edit alot of photos , so this was a great buy .
 I installed this product on my PC and there were no problems . The most difficult thing was figuring out the monitors directions for adjusting the color settings . The calibration seems to have worked perfectly , or at least , as perfectly as I need for my purposes . I had been getting prints that did not match the monitor which wastes paper , ink and time . I am a little sorry I did n't buy the spyder2 pro instead of the suite . I bought the suite thinking that it would have provided means of calibrating my printers , but it does n't offer much in that direction . Also , Spyder3 is already out , but I figured I did n't need professional level calibration and this product was much less money .
 I recently got a new Vista HP desktop with an HP 24 inch monitor . The monitor made my photos look great but I was not getting the same quality when printing . My printer is a Canon I9900 which is a few years old but was considered excellent at the time - 8 ink variety.I tried the Spyder2 Express since the price was reasonable and it made a dramatic difference with my print output . I was about to go and buy a new and expensive printer but now feel that my older Canon will perform well for a while longer.The software was easy to follow - everything worked quite well . Thanks the person at dpreview.com who mentioned this product .
 Works exactly as advertised . I 'm very pleased with its performance .
 Its as easy as 123 . Following the instructions made my 22 '' monitor , and my printer produce exactly what my NIKON D-200 recorded . I wish I had purchased this software sooner . I had read about this software on Ken Rockwells web site . Now I know why he spoke so highly of it . If you want to see and print what your camera sees - you got ta buy this software
 With this price , anyone serious about learning Photoshop and color management should get one . At my level this is a perfect tool , easy to use and save me lot of time and frustation with the print.BD
 ColorVision Spyder2 Express change my Monitor to a new window of graphicsShow me a differance of colors . I Like it .
 For anyone considering getting this , get it . It turns any monitor with poor color quality into a $ 1000 monitor .
 Hi , I 've had this product for three years now and it 's served me well . However , it uses PowerPC/Rosetta code for the calibration software , which has been dropped in OS X Lion . I asked Datacolor about it and the said this was a `` 7 year old product that was designed before new displays like wide gamut and glossy screens came out '' and has been `` replace by the Spyder3 '' . They may or may not make a solution for Lion but they said it was not easy and they 're looking if they can still do it . Will it happen ? I do n't know.For now however , at least at the moment this review was made , the Spyder 2 WILL NOT WORK with OS X Lion . Caveat emptor.Leo
 I does a good job getting you a quick and basic screen calibration . Do n't be fooled into thinking that this will be the most detailed and thorough calibration ... it 's not meant to be . It 's meant to give you a quick but accurate calibration ... hence the name `` express . '' It does a good job and you will be amazed at the before and after display -LRB- which this product lets you view by toggling back and forth between the two after calibration is complete -RRB- . Well worth the buy UNLESS you require a complete and THOROUGH calibration ... in that case you may want to skip this product and go the full blown Spyder calibration kit .
 This is a very easy product to use and appears to do everything it claims .
 If you are on a budget and you want a good calibrator this is the way to go .
 The Spyder works technically very well but attaching it to my LCD proves troublesome.The cord is so rigit that I have to either hold the Spyder to my screen or use tape so it does not wiggle away.Apart from that it does a fine calibration job .
 This is not what I would consider a `` Pro '' unit . But it does what it does very well.I calibrated both my MacBook screen and my huge 30 '' screen . Both look better then before . I checked the gamma best I could , as well as compared it to color chart printouts . The accuracy was better then before.I did notice it made the screen seem warmer by a very subtle amount . This was due to the fact my screens originally had a blue cast to them.There are no controls that allow for `` tweaking '' things such as gamma and color temp , but my video card supplies these so I can still adjust the look.This only calibrates at one point -LRB- center of the screen -RRB- so it will not fix spacial discrepancies.Overall , a very good buy if you are looking for a cheep way to calibrate your screen with good accuracy . -- Kevin
 Color Vision Spyder2 suite is Perfect for my needs and even more worked right out of the box no muss no fuss the results were even better than I could have hoped for
 i was a little skeptical , but after i ran this , i was amazed by the difference the Spyder2Express has made on my laptop monitor . the `` before and after '' feature really shows you the difference . initial setup -LRB- you have to install software first -RRB- and calibration took under a half hour , and was fairly straight forward . calibration alone only took 10-15 minutes . i plan to use this on my desktop LCD as well . as a photographer , this is going to be an invaluable investment .
 just as advertised , it was plug and play , made the adjustments to the screen . Only modification I made was to adjust the default reminder for when to recalibrate from one week -LRB- too often -RRB- to 6 months .
 I used the Spyder2 Express to calibrate 2 laptop monitors and it worked easily . Both machines are running Vista and there were no issues at all . Calibration took about 20 minutes per machine and what a difference !
 Very good tool . Easy to install and easy use . requires bout 15-20 min . to calibrate the screen . I 'm very happy with it .
 i am an amateur photographer . I have been struggling the color mismatch between my computer screen and print out . spyder pro is too pricey for me . This is right product for me . It took about several minutes to complete the process . Now I am sure what I see is what I will get .
 The difference was like night and day on my CRT . The correction on my Laptop LCD and 24 '' LCD monitors was not as notable.The reason I bought this was that my colors were appearing drastically different on my photo prints than compared to screen . Before the Spyder I was adjusting the hues to my uncalibraited monitor and introducing a color shift when printing . This was corrected with the use of the Spyder .
 The kit is REALLY simple to use and it made a dramatic improvement of color matching in our office.Simple , high quality and cheap.Highly recommended !
 Pros
 I am always editing photos and then getting back the prints and wondering where I went wrong . I tried using manual color calibration tools which did make a big difference , but my color was still not quite right . This was so easy and accurate I regret not doing it sooner . All you have to do is install the software , disable any color altering settings you currently have in use , plug it in and let it go . It takes a few minutes going through various colors and then it is done , just like that . I have done this on both my desktop LCD and notebook LCD and they both look great . The colors just seem to have more contrast and detail . I would highly recommend this to anyone looking to get accurate color representation out of their monitors but do n't want to spend a lot of time doing it .
 Just load the software and plug it in . Follow the instruction on screen and that 's it.Couldn ' t be easier and the results are great . My prints now look like what I see on the monitor . Photo paper and ink are expensive . This item has already saved me more in paper and ink than it cost to buy .
 I bought the Spyder 2 suite and the monitor calibration worked very well . The printer calibration , not so good . The printer calibration is strictly a judgement call . You pring a picture from the program and they match it to the monitor picture . I could have done that without paying extra for a program that is pretty lame . I thougtht the printer program would print something and then the hardware would scan it and set the printer program , unfortunatley it does n't work that way . As I said at the stare the monitor calibration worked very well and was easy to use.Earl Stuckey
 I decided to buy a monitor calibration tool because I do a lot of digital photos and they always look different on different computers . Sometimes I boost the colors only to find at work the colors are way too strong . It 's frustrating , my 1 year old has `` orange '' hair . On some monitors it 's brown , on others it 's red . If this sounds like you -LRB- the color problem , not the orange haired baby -RRB- then this device is for you.This is a great entry level monitor calibration tool . The software is great and calibration is easy . Now images look the same on all my computers . And the best part is this device is the same device as the pro version . First , that means you 're not getting a cheap device ! Second , it means you can upgrade the software to pro version if you need to . This is why I selected this model . The eye-one is not upgradeable , and it 's more expensive.Overall , I highly recommend this device .
 I 've never been satisfied with monitor calibration tools that rely solely your eye for making adjustments . Every time I calibrate with one of those tools the monitor looks great after the calibration , but when I come back later when my eyes are refreshed I realize that there is a blue or red cast over the display . Simply put , you ca n't trust your eyes . Spyder2 Express takes the guesswork out of calibration in a simple , straightforward way.The first thing I did was calibrate my desktop LCD . It took five minutes to do and I did not realize before looking at the before and after results that I had been staring at a blueish cast for the year I had the monitor . The white background of webpages was paper white and images and text looked great . Never one to fully trust technology this inexpensive I used the freeware program HCFR -LRB- see below for more on that -RRB- to verify that the color balance was correct across all shades and to my satisfaction it was.I then calibrated my MacBook Pro . The first pass was night and day . All of the sudden the interface looked `` 3D '' . The Apple profiles leave a hard blue cast over the everything and Spyder2 Express really cleaned it up . Unfortunately , I realized I was not using the most recent version of the software and tried again after installing the new version , but now I detect a slight pinkish hue over greys . I will have to give it another shot later.Be careful that no light is directly hitting your display when you calibrate or it will not work . I tried calibrating my work PC but the florescent overhead lights could not be blocked out so I could not get a good read . I think that 's why a lot of people are complaining that this tool does not work . To them I say , RTFM.Here 's the cool part . There 's a freeware program called HCFR -LRB- Google it for more info -RRB- that is compatible with the Spyder2 sensor . With this tool you can do expert-level calibration at an even higher level than the more expensive Spyder2 Pro . But beware , HCFR is not user-friendly at all and geared toward absolute experts . It will not create a color profile for you like Spyder2 Express or Pro . However , with it , you can perform professional-grade calibration on any LCD , CRT , plasma , or projector . This weekend I will be doing my 46 '' LCD television . The sensor is fairly accurate past 10 IRE . Lower than that you may want to look at a more expensive sensor.So overall a good tool for novices with perks for experts .
 I read about this in Scott Kelby 's Photoshop CS2 Book . I went with this model since I 'm not a professional photographer . Much lower price than their highest end model . I had a little trouble installing the software , my fault did n't follow every step exactly , but finally figured it out and everything went smoothly.I highly recommend this for calibration . I 'm an amatuer photographer and I 've experienced a lot of frustration with my prints not matching the onscreen photo . If you print your own pictures get this and Scott Kelby 's Photoshop Book ! Your frustrations will come to an end .
 I am very satisfied with this product.It is easy to use . You install and run the software , `` attach '' the Spyder to the screen -LRB- just follow the instructions -RRB- and get a coffee while it does the calibration . During calibration the software displays colored surfaces on the screen -LRB- RGB , black/white variations , color temperature , ... -RRB- and the Spyder measures the screen output - that 's all.After the calibration it shows a test picture that lets you see and judge before/afterwards . The software gives a clear explanation about the how-to 's , but sometimes it refers to features that are not available in this basic version of the Spyder device - you can easily ignore them however.It 's cheap and it seems to work well ... so I recommend it to everyone . I feel much more comfortable now when editing my pictures for the ages to come : - -RRB-
 I have a webcam site and I do extensive photography . I use Photoshop CS3 and have used Photoshop and Premiere since they were introduced . I thought I was good at monitor calibration with adobe gamma , nvidia calibration , etc etc.The Spyder2express did a better job in 5 minutes than I can do in a hour -LRB- or forever -RRB- . It was a huge improvement in all my color matching , print , monitor , and webcam color balancing.I have two computers that use the same monitor . I switch back and forth with an iogear kvm . One PC has a high end graphics board , the other a cheap board for my webcam . The spyder2 calibrated both PC 's to the same monitor so well that I ca n't tell the difference when quickly switching between computers on the display . It worked better than I had hoped . I may not need to upgrade to the spyder3 but I may do it to get control of monitor color temperature .
 I bought this product because I did n't feel I was getting the most out of my new monitor regarding accurate color . After calibration with the Sypder2 Express , my Gateway FHD2400 monitor 's colors are more accurate and I can see more detail in pictures , especially in dark areas . The image quality has definitely improved and the colors are more true-to-life . Installation was a bit of a pain , probably because I have XP x64 but I did get it to work just fine . It is very easy to calibrate , you just launch the software and follow the menus . Calibration takes 5 minutes or so.If you 're searching for a high-value monitor calibration tool , this is the best you can get according to my research . This is basic but it gets the job done .
 I ca n't vouch for this thing the way a professional photographer/graphic designer might , but it did what I needed . I have aSamsung SyncMaster 226BW 22 '' LCD Monitor -LRB- did not get it at Amazon , BTW -RRB- , and 3 different manufacturers make the panels that are sold under that name -LRB- thanks a lot , Samsung -RRB- . Mine was way too blue , and I could n't fix it very well with the monitor settings . But after I used the Spider2 Express it was like a blue plastic filter was just detached from the screen . Its colors ' now match monitors I know are fairly accurate , so I am pretty happy .
 I spend a lot of time processing photos on my computer , but I waited for years to calibrate it because it seemed complicated and expensive . This device makes it easy and reasonably priced . Instructions are simple and you 'll be done in 15 minutes from opening the box . My monitor is noticeably more color neutral , and brighter . I work on a Mac with a Dell LCD monitor , and the images I put on the web now look better on my Windows PC at work .
 I 'm not a techy person so I thought I would have trouble with this , but it was pretty easy to use on my LCD monitor . The process was quick , and I 'm pleased with the results . Amazing how many different shades of color I can see now that were missing from my display before . This product is a good buy .
 Very simple system that works great . Colors are more appealing . This is a must have if you are a photographer of any level .
 The installation and operation of the Spyder2 Express was straight-forward and easy on my Mac . This is an excellent unit . I phoned Colorvision support with a minor software question which was fielded and resolved quickly by a real person . This Company Cares About Their Customers !!
 This product appears to do an adequate job of calibrating LCD monitors . I use it for my Dell 2007WFP . However , the software has some issues that make it a pain in the posterior to use . If they ca n't write a product that does n't conflict with standard issue CD-ROM driver software - Roxio - then perhaps they should warn potential customers in large print ; sort of like cigarette warning labels.Danger - This product will not work properly in many Windows environments.Colorvision , please update your software .
 Just make sure you use the software from the website and not the CD . Another commenter mentioned this , and they were right . Using the website software on a mac mini hooked to a dell LCD resulted in a remarkably better picture after calibration . I love using my computer again ! no more weird orange tint ! easy to follow instructions ! mac friendly ! I am telling all my friends and co-workers . One of the best computer product purchases I have ever made . I 'd give it 6 stars if I could .
 I recently purchased the spyder2 express to calibrate my ibook monitor . WOW what difference it made . I have used several shareware calibrators and they are n't even close . Now what I see is almost exactly what the lab prints . I wished now I had done this months ago .
 I purchased this color calibration software after a dreadful experience with the Huey Pantone Pro , where both my MacBook Pro and Apple 23 '' were calibrated with an orange/pink tint to the image . Just ghastly.Anyway , the Huey went back , and I ordered the Spyder2Express . There 's no question the Spyder2 is a quality product . The colors I ended up with after calibration are spot on . Wonderfully neutral . The device itself is a bit clunky looking , but it 's not as if you need to have it sitting out the whole time . From calibration to done took about 5 minutes , and now I 'm extremely happy with the way my displays look . Highly recommended , especially with the Apple display ! If you are at all into photography and printing photos , this is a must . There 's no excuse to not have one of these .
 Easy to set up & use ; directions very well written / on-screen wizard guides you through everything . After a few minutes using the product , I applied the new settings to my monitor -LRB- Samsung SyncMaster 170T -RRB- . Noticeable improvement in color settings / appearance ! Highly recommended if you do any work at all with photographs -LRB- e.g. Photoshop , etc -RRB- or graphics .
 I tried to live without monitor calibration for a long time , but my prints were always so disappointing that I broke down & bought this one . I found it very easy to use , and my prints match beautifully now . Definitely worth the expense .
 I was having serious color issues between what I saw on my monitor and what the photo printer was producing . For 2 years I had had perfect synergy between the two.I tried to use all the online profiling tools . I tried using XP 's color tool and I even used Adobe 's Gamma.Nothing worked.At one of the online fora someone recommended the Spyder2Express . I bought it at A -LSB- ... -RSB- . Spyder2Express is so easy to use . Load the Software ; plug in the `` spyder '' ; and the PC profiles its monitor.Every picture now matches what I edited on the monitor.Spyder2Express will profile CRT 's , LCD 's , and projectors.So easy and accurate . I recommend it .
 the product works as advertised . I had absolutely no problems installing the software or using it . It set up my minitor just right . I highly recommend it .
 The product is easy to use and worked well for me , except I had to send it back because it can not handle a dual monitor setup with 2 profiles . I confirmed this with the vendor . So , go for it , but only if you have one monitor .
 I had needed a color calibrator for a while , and after reading the reviews , this one fits the bill , it works like ti says it would , and my prints come out so much better than they did before from the lab . Regardless of what some people say , it did work on my two monitor setup , it wont calibrate your second monitor , only your main , but an error message will pop up when you restart your computer informing you the profile was loaded onto your main monitor , and not the second . This did not bother me as all as I only use my second monitor for music and videos.Great product , and I recommend it to any artist who needs to calibrate their monitor and is on a budget
 Very good color correction . I use it for photoshop editing and with lightroom . It niceley corrects the color even with the FL . sun behind me all day .
 This made a big difference on my gateway laptop . Before , some things just did n't look right . This brought a new level of quality to my laptop monitor . I highly recommend it . It is pretty easy to use .
 Used Spyder 2 Express on 20 '' lcd with total satisfaction.Could visibly see 2 % deviation from full black/white easily.An easy set up and go no brainer ... good value for the $ $ IMO
 I purchased this software from Amazon a week ago . It does everything that 's claimed for a price I can afford . Ca n't ask for much more than that . It did an excellent job of calibrating my VeiwSonic VA1912wb monitor . Colors are more saturated now and it took the red hue out of the orange colors . Glad I bought the Spyder2Express .
 easy to use . just install the software and follow the instructions . Keeps my monitor calibrated and reminds me when it is time to recalibrate .
 I am an oil painter and I like to archive photos of my work . I have long been frustrated by the color alterations that I see on my various monitors and when printing . The ColorVision Spyder2 should at least give me a more trustworthy on-screen representation . I do see the difference after calibration , but have yet to do exhaustive tests of my own to see how the color realism compares with the original paintings . The product was very easy to use and appears to work as advertised .
 Since I got a new printer , my monitor was way out of callibration -LRB- printing way too dark -RRB- until I bought , and used this . It 's not hard to use and very effective .
 I do n't think this could be much easier . The on screen step-by-step directions are pretty easy to follow . The one issue I did encounter was with setting the contrast/brightness of my -LRB- old -RRB- monitor . The first time I ran the calibration I set the monitor to the factory defaults and the result left all my whites looking yellow . I tried a few more times but the results were n't much better . This was n't the fault of anything other than using an ancient monitor.Shortly after I tried to calibrate the old monitor I went and bought a new 22 '' widescreen LCD and fired up the Spyder2 - this time with pleasing results . Quick and easy to use , but still not 100 % perfect - of course still way better than what I 've ever had .
 The software is easy to install and calibrating is straight forward . Works with XP and Vista . Before I got this I used a calibration picture and thought I was doing pretty well but after using the Spyder2Express I was surprised to see how far off I was , not that it was miles off just that it was noticeably better .
 The Spyder express 2 is a great tool for anyone ... especially a photographer . It was simple and easy to use ... and it hardly took anytime to calibrate my monitor.I am totally satisfied with it and will suggest it to others I know .
 This made a huge difference on my laptop and a slight difference on my desktop -LRB- which has a far better graphics card -RRB- .
 This is a good colorimeter , and it improved photographic display on my Mac greatly . The Spyder2 hardware is very good and used in the entire range of products . The express software bundle is very basic , does the job , but offers absolutely no flexibility and does n't support dual-display systems . This colorimeter really shines with the pro version software , but the express will do the job .
 Do n't be fooled by the inexpensive price - this Spyder will calibrate your display . Since my LCD monitor was fairly new I had been able to get colors out of my printer that were similar to my display . But now that I 've calibrated the monitor , my HP 7360 printer duplicates my display on my Windows XP/SP2 system . This product will not calibrate your printer -LRB- which I knew before I bought it -RRB- but it works much better than software only products . In addition , the accompaning software was not difficult to install and the combination hardware spyder and software is simple to use .
 The Spyder2 express is extremely easy to use with instructions that are very easy to follow . I use it on a new 22 '' LCD . I did notice an immediate improvement in the colors on my monitor especially in the skin tones . I do a lot of photography and I recently sent out for some test prints and they came back with good results in relation to what I saw on my monitor . The important thing to remember with photography is that a print reflects light and a monitor emits light so they will never be an exact match . Also are you incorporating printer profiles into your editing ? I would recommend this product and I also like it because the software is upgradeable through the website while using the same hardware . I only gave it four stars because I know there are better models out there but at a much higher price . It all depends on your budget and how critical your color accuracy is . Hint
 Software version 2.3.5 installs easily on Vista and calibrates the monitor . However , everytime the new profile loads into the graphics card at start-up , it is quickly overridden by the original profile and colours shift back to factory settings . Colorvision says this is a Vista issue that affects other manufacturers ' software too . User forums suggest it 's likely to be a graphics card issue . Either way , a workaround is needed.Version 2.3.5 sets Gamma at 2.2 and White Point at 6500K rather than Native . The calibrated colours look very good although the shadow areas are a touch dark . For the money , this is a very good product , at least once the colour-shift difficulty is resolved . -LSB- Update 1 Nov 2007 -RSB- My laptop came with a `` Switch to XP option '' . So I switched . The Spyder2 profile now loads flawlessly and stays put and I can meaningfully edit my photographs . I would have preferred not to have to change the OS , but the photos are more important ; the difference between calibrated and uncalibrated is sufficiently significant to justify the change .
 If you 're serious about digital photo 's you pretty much have to calibrate . If you do n't and your monitor is the slightest bit off from whatever or however you plan on printing whatever changes you make in photoshop -LRB- or any other editor -RRB- wo n't be reflected in what you print . Color 's will be off , stuff will be too light/dark , etc. . This makes it so easy and so much cheaper than it used to be to calibrate it kind of makes it a must have . Worked just like it said , takes about 15-20 min and had no issues w / xp . It made a big difference especially if you 're printing though any of the large chains -LRB- costco/sam 's etc. / walgreens , etc -RRB- basically your colors and brightness/contrast will all match up after you calibrate .
 This product is excellent and very easy to use with an LCD . Thanks to the Spyder2express my pictures now print out just like they look on my LCD . Would definitly buy again and recommend to friends and family .
 This is my first monitor calibrator , so I ca n't compare with other models , but after using it on my Macbook and Acer External monitors , I can see how badly calibrated my monitors were ! It 's very easy to use and your results are ready in a couple of minutes . Instructions are n't the best ... but there 's not really much to do . install the software , plug it in and away you go.The price is great and it will definitely assist in my work in photoshop . You ca n't go wrong .
 This product worked just fine for me . After using an older version -LRB- ColorPlus -RRB- for years with XP and Vista 32 bit I had to purchase this to use with a Vista 64 bit PC . Now I can again get consistant color between my home and work PCs . CS4 programs print with results very close to the screen version . Only drawback is the packaging -LRB- an angled box which makes storage a pain -RRB- .
 Thanks for making post production photo editing much easier . Colors on my monitor are now so different than before ColorVision Spyder2 Express Win/Mac .
 Used the ColorVison Data Color on three of my Macs and now iPhoto on all three look the same . Before the color changed between the computers and I never knew which was the correct color .
 Easy to use and performed as expected . I wished it could adjust the color in my LCD flat panel TV .
 I 'm not a professional , but it help me to calibrate my monitor and see real pictures colors . It 's great !
 I 'd like to write a few words about my experience with this product and the company . I bought spyder2 express but I was n't satisfied cause I could n't calibrate and my additional display . But these guys rock !!! They have really amazing customer service . They helped me with everything , took time to answer all my questions and made me happy with the product I bought . If I am going to buy calibration device in the future - I am going to get ColorVision product for their excellent customer service . I recommend them highly
 I bought DVD PictureShow 2 after being extremely frustrated with Roxio DVD creator . I was trying to put a very large slideshow together for my daughter 's wedding . It was a snap .1 . Easy ability to import a zillion digital images .2 . Then the program will fill your TV with each image , even if the sizes are not the same .3 . It is true , you have to build an audio track using a sound editor , if you want more than one song on the Slide Show . I used Audio Surgeon to match major theme changes to the music . For example , I wanted Song XX to start on slide number 225 . At 3 seconds per slide , that occured at 675 seconds , or 11 minutes and 15 seconds into the slide show . With the sound editor I built a single . mp3 track to swap songs at 11 minutes and 15 seconds . The rub is `` Will DVD PictureShow 2 be as accurate after 11 minutes of flipping 225 slides ? '' YES !!!! It was perfect !! 4 . We did have problems playing a DVD in an older Toshiba DVD Player , but it has worked flawlessly in every other one we tried.Compared to the other things I have tried , this product is world 's ahead . Get it.Hope this helps .
 I have a full review of this product under the first version but the bottom line is you need to use the trial version before you buy this excellent program.It worked fine for me under XP with my burner , but there are literally millions of combinations of CD burners , operating systems , and drivers that no one program can support all . Roxio CD Creator -LRB- one of the worst CD burner programs to come along in a long time -RRB- works intermittently on my own system , for example , while Picture Show works fine.If you have broadband the 38meg trial wo n't be a program for you . Those without can purchase -LRB- for a couple of bucks -RRB- the demo disk . But I have to say that anyone with a digital camera , a CD burner , and a DVD player ought to have this program .
 I have used this program to make 10 different DVD 's and it has worked great for me . I have no complaints . It 's very simple to use . One thing that would be nice is the ability to put more than one audio track per slide show . I had to use an audio editor to splice together music tracks to to make the audio track long enough . Now , the program simply loops the same track . I really like the concept of viewing your pictures on TV , they are so big . The pictures look good too .
 I find ULEAD DVD Pictureshow 2 EZ to use on my computer running windows ME , but it dose n't want to run right on my computer with windows XP.Its been fun to make DVDs photoshows that I can show people that do n't have computers . I did downloaded the trial before I bother to buy it .
 This beats any CD-Writer Software that I have tried to make picture slideshows with -LRB- Nero and Roxio -RRB- The interface is well designed and easy to use . Simply drag and drop your photos . Give the slideshow a name . You then get to design your main DVD startup screen , I wish it had more templates for the main screen . There are some problems with adding audio , like a another reviewer stated , not big a problem.I do recommend it .
 My first attempt at using this software was on a drive that had it 's partition deleted and had been partially formatted . Not only was I able to get my data back , but I saw data that I knew I had deleted two weeks previous . Considering what I was going to have to pay a professional data recovery service , this was well worth the money .
 This software can recover virtually anything that is lost including crashed , formated , partitioned drives . Suggesting that backing up files on other drives , CD-R media and not back on the drive that is searching for these files . . Very trusted company - Fujitsui .
 I accidentally formatted my DELL laptop when I installed Windows XP . I forgot to back up my files and some of them are very precious for me . I am almost crazy when I found out that ... I tried many softwares including easyrecovery and active undelete , none of them found my lost files . The best among them is easyrecovery , it found all my lost files and `` recover '' them . But you can only see the files with its information , when you want to open them , you are told that they are corrupted.Finally , my friend recommend me finalrecovery and to my extreme suprise , it found all my lost files well organized ! The only word I can say is `` Thanks '' . Every penny spent on this software is worthy , IMO .
 This game was fun , but short . I just wish it was a little longer .
 In this game you have to beat four chapters and you have to pick up things and drop them off for people . Sometimes it 's hard , but it 's fun . Buy the game -- you will have fun with it ! It 's a game for all ages .
 I got this software for my child 'cause he adores sponge bob ... he loves the graphics and animations and some parts of the game are very funny ... but since you have to do the same things and hear the same dialogs over and over againg every time you play , I guess it will become boring after a few uses . So far he stil likes it . It would n't run on Windows 98 SE tough it works perfectly on Windows XP .
 Game worked perfect ! No clitches or scratches . . Everyone is having fun playing this game and well worth the purchase !! Def recommend to others !! : -RRB-
 This game is pretty easy when you get to know it . There are 4 chapters in the game ... Chapter 1 : Employee Of The Year : eeeesayChapter 2 : Hitting Rock Bottom : more easyI ` ll put the other 2 chapters in another review .
 This is a great game for young kids and adults alike . The player gets to control SpongeBob as he travels through various locations on his way to Neptune 's Paradise Amusement Park . The player collects all kinds of inventory objects and must figure out how and where they need to use them . You can also select your own dialogue choices creating some hilarious conversations with other characters during the game .
 When I got this , I thought it was cool , but after that it was boring . Nothing ever changes . I like the Spy Fox games better , even though spongebob is my favorite show .
 OK , this game is soooo much fun !! I am a big fan of spongebob and in this game u get to meet tons of new characters . I recommend it to anyone who likes spongebob . You get to go through new worlds and experiance things never on the show . Whoever does n't like this game is seriously weird .
 i love employee of the month i played it a couple of times when my neice bought it it 's really cool except the people were RUDE ! you ask them for something then they say no in a sarcastic way.but you actually walk around in areas unlike `` battle for bikini bottom '' that i have where it 's just different worlds with little mini games but the game is fun !! and if you can take the people saying comments about you sarcasticly then you 'll like this .
 My 7 year old stuck with and solved this game in about 4 hours with minimal help . The game rewards perseverance and requires some thought . Observing my child play , I thought it was a well designed game . If scenarios varied each time the game were played , it would be even better .
 The kids liked this game so much , that when it turned up lost , they insisted on a getting it again !
 I taught my little boy to play this on the computer by himself and he loves it still .
 Like all games `` Employee of the month '' get boring and repetitive over time but rather than many replays and then getting boring , you will beat this game once -LRB- MAYBE twice -RRB- and then get bored with it.the graphics are really good , colorful , and fun to look at.the levels are fun but like i said only once -LRB- MAYBE twice -RRB- I have one complaint
 I got this game 4 months ago.I like it a lot.This is the only you 'll ever see Spongebob 's grandma ... as far as we know.I like the music in the game.Smokin ' leavels.Every time I 'm at the Dinner it makes me want to eat a Subway sandwich and pizza.I like the Sardine Sundrins.It 's a colorful level with a hipi in it.The 4th chapter is the best.The one with the rich people is fun and colerful too .
 I can create whatever I want using Greeting Card Factory . However I photograph animals and the quality of the print from my Epson Stylus Photo R2400 using this product is not acceptable.I print photos using Film Factory and the print quality is excellant . However their card product has little to offer . I am not using a digital camera and that may be the problem . If I could just lick this problem I would be happy .
 A friend of has this program for the PC and I love it . I was so glad when I discovered that there was a version for the MAC . I have already started printing my holiday cards . It is so much un to personalize and print cards for friends and family .
 i am new at the Mac Computer , so finding a good card program for it was really nice . I have been making my own cards with the PC for years and now that i am into the Mac , i wanted one for it , and it works great and has a large selection .
 I swear , we Mac faithful must be patient folk . How long have our Windows friends been enjoying greeting card software for ? It 's taken two decades for such a product to come to the Mac . Sheeeshh ... . But this is a winner . I own Print Shop and Greeting Card Factory , which have nice greeting cards . But these are really high-caliber . And it 's 100 % greeting card projects . It 's really well done . Graphics are great . Sentiments are clearly professionally authored . It 's a keeper . : - -RRB-
 Just bought a Mac after using PCs for 20 some years . Not much choice in software ! This program is easy to use and is fairly versatile - about on a par with the Windows application called `` Card Studio '' and not quite as versatile as `` Print Artist '' . Was able to produce my annual Christmas card in a rather short time after receiving the software this PM . Menus and commands are intuitive and there is a better than average `` manual '' in the box . If you have fun making cards you can enjoy this application .
 I 've tried most , if not all , of the greeting card programs for the PC . Now that I 'm a Mac user , I 'm expecially pleased that there finally is such a good greeting card program for the Mac . This is a good complement to Nova Development 's Print Explosion . The predesigned greeting cards in each program seem to be different . Between the two programs you can do a large number of `` desktop publishing '' projects . And , both programs are much easier to use than the high end desktop publishing programs used by professionals .
 This is a great CD if you want to learn the very basics of french . You wo n't be able to really converse , but it will open your ears and mouths to a few familiar words that really are necessary in a hurry ! Easy to use , games are great . I needed more depth , but had no time , so it worked great for me , and the others were far more complicated .
 As a heavy word processing user on my Palm via Documents to Go -LRB- please see my reviews for Docs To Go 3.0 elsewhere on Amazon -RRB- , I was happy to upgrade to the newest version , 4.0 , as soon as it came out.I was even happier to discover -LRB- after visiting the DataViz website -RRB- that accessory programs -- Docs To Print and IR Print , both available from doctoprint.irprint.com -- would enable me to print MS Word documents from my Palm directly to any number of IR -LRB- infrared -RRB- capable printers from HP , Canon and Sipix -LRB- with no PC or cables necessary -RRB- . I now own a HP DeskJet 990Cse , Canon BJC-55 and Sipix A6 printer , all of which allow me to print directly from my Palm , the latter two of which are portable.I carry the little Sipix A6 printer -LRB- which uses A6 size thermal paper -RRB- in my briefcase . I take the Canon BJC-55 -LRB- ink jet , letter size -RRB- printer with me on business trips . And I 've placed a second HP DeskJet 990Cse printer elsewhere in my house where I print from my Palm -- without the use of a PC.As we all know , with its relatively small screen , performing word processing on one 's Palm can sometimes be difficult . Being able to print a hard copy -- anywhere you might need it -- is thus truly a godsend.With Docs To Go 4.0 -LRB- and Docs To Print and IR Print -RRB- , and with the IR capable printers listed above , I can now word process -- and print -- anywhere in my house -LRB- or the world -RRB- from my Palm . -LRB- No PC required . -RRB- Is n't life wonderful ?
 Documents To Go is great ! I 've used it to create new Word documents at seminars to share with other users at my office , edit spreadsheets on the go and now it supports PowerPoint as well . I have used this program more then any of the other applications I have on my Visor handheld .
 WOW - I just bought version 4 of Documents To Go and I 'm very impressed with the functionality ! The word processing application -LRB- Word To Go -RRB- is powerful and the formatting toolbar replicates that of Word on my computer for bold , italic , underline , color , etc. . Excel support has really been beefed up too - now you can edit and add formulas -LRB- and watch them recalculate -RRB- to spreadsheets on the handheld in Sheet To Go , in addition to all of the regular editing you might do . My favorite part is the support for PowerPoint in their Slideshow To Go application . Now I can review my slides before giving presentations for work . Two thumbs up , DataViz !
 This is an essential add-on for the palm . The main reason I need it is to convert Word and Excel spreadsheets so that they are readable on the palm . Keep in mind , you will need to have a good document reader and spreadsheet reader program to read the documents . The sheetview program that comes with the CD is fine for reading , but you ca n't edit spreadsheets with it . For that you will need to get something like Tiny Sheet .
 Documents to go is everything I hoped it would be . It allows you to view and edit Word , Excel and Power Point applications on your Palm Device . Syncing with the desktop is simple and the application is easy to use . I highly recommend this product .
 Upgraded to latest Documents to Go 4 including Add-on kit last week . Have always been impressed with the main product , but the add-on kit is excellent . The mail sync -LRB- we use Lotus Notes -RRB- and the handling of attachments on my Palm M505 is the best I have tried - smooth , reliable , hassle free , straightforward to use .
 This software renders your Palm Pilot far more useful . You can deal with text documents and spreadsheets on your PDA with this.A must have item .
 Will you be making a version to go on the Jonarda 720 hand helds ? I had it on my palms and loved it .
 This CD set is great ! I am learning Arabic for a better job . My daughter and I know some Arabic from marriage . However , this CD set makes learning so much better . It is fun to learn with this pack . I would recommend this to anyone that wants to learn . If they have other sets besides this one in other languages I am sure they are probably the same and would recommend it . I plan on getting the French one for my daughter .
 I always find that my kids are more willing to do math drills when they do n't look like math drills ! When they 're disguised as computer games like they are in this CD , they 're actually fun !
 Been with Fix-it utilities since .3.0 This is the best especially for Windows xp . The all in one wizard is excellent . Start it and then go do what you need to do . Check in later and marvel at what it got rid of safely on your computer.Love it !!!
 VCOm fixit 5.0 has saved me endless hours trying to troubleshoot what is/was wrong with my CPU . Many times just running the ALL Wizard has corrected my problems . Also it provides mr with an insight on just how many unconnected programs are in my registry .
 The only reason I give systemsuite 4 stars instead of 5 is because of so much extra juck being packaged with it . The installer gives the option of installing powerdesk , ghostsurf , and others . Do yourself a favor when installing it and choose the option for a custom install , then do n't add the extras , just systemsuite . If you wish to add ghostsurf or something else later , just run the installer again.I believe the negative reviews here are due to people installing every program the suite allows you to install . Vcom made a mistake by packageing so many extras , the average user does n't know what to install and just grabs everything . Just get what you need , the main systemsuite program , antivirus , and firewall .
 I 've installed this software on three computers , and only had one problem , that was promptly resolved through Tech support and involved a quick fix . I 'm running this on various XP and 98SE systems . SystemSuite uses a whole lot less resources than Symantec Systemworks and Personal Firewall so your computer will run faster . I have had serious problems with Symantec products , especially if you own them more than a year or so , and pay for the annual update . Symantec seems to abandon software updates and support for older versions of its products . And forget about trying to call someone at Symantec unless you want to pay more . I have had no problem running Systemsuite with AOL either . The utilities included in Systemsuite are better and more numerous than SystemWorks , especially the Registry Fixer . I 'm recommending to my friends to ditch Symantec and go with Systemsuite . Unfortunately , many of them are creatures of habit , something Symantec relies on . Also , if I 'm reading V-com 's policy correctly , there is no time limit on antivirus/firewall updates , at least not until the new version comes out when they they say they may implement a one-year limit on updates . The firewall is supplied by Sygate , and the antivirus program is supplied by Trend Micro , both top rate vendors in each software category . According to a PC World article , version 6 is due out soon .
 I purchased two copies for personal use and three for friends . I installed SystemSuite 5 on Win2K and Windows Me . The others were installed on 98 , Me , and XP . I 'm not hearing any complaints.I have used this software in a rather intuitive way , preferring to avoid reading the manual for those esoteric benefits I have surely missed . -LRB- I actually enjoy learning the fine points of a product -- time permitting . -RRB- The negative comments I 've read here will probably cause me to take a closer look at this product . Some installations of Windows are sufficiently `` broken '' to cause any number of problems . The possible causes are many , but reinstalling Windows may be the best course of action.I am giving this product four stars instead of five , since I have been a rather intuitive and passive user , and may chose to return later to refine these comments . Based on a price performance ratio , I would recommend the product . I also chose to install PowerDesk , which comes with SystemSuite 5 . The functionality of PowerDesk makes it a nice alternative to Windows Explorer.In somewhat different areas , I have used SystemSuite 5 to replace Norton Systemworks and ZoneAlarm Pro 5.0 .
 I purchased this program after using fix it five which is also a very good program but I should have just got this one instead . This program offers so much more for the money it 's basicly fix it five with much more features and options . It comes with three additional products and six software trail versions of v-com software . This program works as promise , it has just about everything you could need to keep your computer in optium condition . It has a really good anti virus program by pc-cillian , firewall , clock sink etc , too much to list , over 50 . It gives you the option to install what you want and you can install the rest later . Had norton this program is faster and a lot better . Highly recommend especially if you are going to by fix it five .
 I Have used V-Com 's System suite Since Version 3.0 And System Suite Is Now At Version 5 , Version 5 Is Simular in looks To Version 4 But with a few minor improvements , System Suite Registry fixer is much better In Version 5.0 ... Has Been Updated , The virus Scanner Uses Micro-trend 's engine , Is quite Good , The Net Defense Uses Sygate 's Engine , Version 5.0 Has An updated viruscan engine , An Updated Firewall Engine , They Use much less resources than norton system works which Is A Must ... They include V-Com 's Recovery Commander . . Is Quite simular to windows XP System restore but Much more reliable . . which you boot from a CD To Restore ... The defragmenter Is Quite Good.The quick status of system suite is great , monitors the diferent options and when they were last run and if needed to be run again or updated ... would be nice if the Easy Update Button For The Viruscanner would update New Patern Files in the background And Virus Definition Incremental Updates like many other vendors ... As System Suite Can Only Update By Getting The Entire Virus Definition File Every Time A Update Is Released , This Is The Only Fault In The Program I See.I Give this product `` TWO THUMBS UP '' I Would definately get the next upgradeI Highly Recommend This Product .
 I am a previous user of Norton System works and have found this product to be far better and less expensive . System Suite 5 found viruses that my updated Norton System Works did not find . All of the tools run faster and more efficiently than Norton.I have also used V-com 's DriveWorks and Autosave , these are also excellent products at a more affordable price.I will continue to use V-com products in the future.Goodbye Norton !
 I work on pc 's for a living.First of all , NO ONE product does everything well.I own and use this product , Norton systemwork 's and a couple other product packages that cost well into the 100 's of dollars.The only product bundle I do n't ever use much is Iolo 's system mechanic.Second , this product has a decent registry defragger and registry optimizer/cleaner that Norton seems to be lacking.Third , this product privides a decent firewall that would have to be bought separately from norton.Fourth , how much can a product possibly provide , for under $ 50 ? Fifth , for some problems , a specific product is sometimes the best way to go -LSB- instead of a `` suite '' or `` bundle '' -RSB- Example
 I had been using Norton SystemWorks for the past 8 years . But , when the antivirus subscription ran out in March , I decided against renewing it . Instead , I purchased and installed SystemSuite 5.0 . I think it was the best software purchase I 'd made in years ! On the first scan , it found and deleted over 19,000 unnecessary files and a virus undetected by Norton SystemWorks.Recently , I convinced a friend who was having problems with his computer to switch from Norton Antivirus 2004 to SystemSuite 5.0 . On his first scan , he found and deleted eight viruses!Three caveats -- First , I did n't like any of the trial programs that came with SystemSuite 5.0 , so eventually uninstalled all of them . Secondly , I think ZoneAlarm is a better firewall program than the one provided with SystemSuite 5.0 . But SystemSuite allows you to choose the utilities / programs you want installed , so I 've had no problems changing firewalls . Third , SystemSuite does not scan for or detect spyware or adware . You 'll need to install a `` spy-killer , '' like Ad-Aware 6.0 , on your own.Overall , since installing SystemSuite 5.0 four months ago , I 've come to the conclusion that Norton SystemWorks is overrated . If you want an anti-virus / utility package that really works , try SystemSuite 5.0 . I think you 'll be glad you did .
 In short , this suite does everything that it says it will do and does it all very well . In contrast to other reviewers , I have had absolutely no problem with the Virus Scanner . The scanner has caught about 5-6 viruses and has cleaned them without any problem . Plus , you get free updates from V-Com without having to renew a subscription . V-Com states that it may eventually move to an annual subscription system , but until they do , updates are FREE . The firewall has prevented a few attacks on my system also . Plus , it works with XP service pack 2 without any problem . The company offers good support through the website . I am extremely happy with this product and am thrilled to be done with Norton and McAfee forever .
 This CD is primarily aimed for tourists and not for people who really wish to learn the German language . However , since I bought it for 1 cent -LRB- plus $ 2.49 S/H -RRB- , it 's a very good value.The one thing about this CD is that it 's somewhat short . I 'm a true beginner -LRB- I did n't even know how to say `` yes '' in German -RRB- and it takes but maybe 4 or 5 full days to really complete this CD . The pictures help and the female and male pronunciation really helps . The only thing I wish was for their to be written pronunciation -LRB- ex
 To learn basic words and their pronunciation - great for a penny.Both a man and a woman take turns pronouncing the words - includes a picture , the German spelling and the English meaning . There are 9 categories - First Words , Food , Colors , Phrases , Body , Numbers , Time , Shopping , Countries . Each category has 4 activities
 Very specific guidance and simple to follow up . Good book to learn Hebrew fast . Excellent source to how speak and llearn Hebrew .
 I 'm using the downloaded version of EZ Armor . Dell had installed McAfee on my PC ; and since the McAfee Security Center was still there , and it continued to do virus scans , I assumed I had a 1-year account with McAfee . I was wrong . It expired like 5 months ago , and all the virus scans since then were apparently worthless . Thus , I uninstalled McAfee , and installed EZ Armor . Installation of EZ Armor on my Dell with XP was simple ; it took like 30 minutes . I later did a virus scan of my entire computer , and it discovered 2 infected files and deleted them.The firewall is adjustable , but I 'm just using the setting they chose . I forgot to turn off the firewall when I did a Windows Update , but that caused no problem . When I forgot to turn off my McAfee firewall during an update , it usually crashed my computer . The privacy protector is lots of fun ... it seems all web pages have a web bug that they block for you!The EZ Armor main page is not as easy to understand as McAfee 's Security Center page ; but they have an `` Ask Sammy '' click-on ... where you type in your question ... and then get a quick answer to it , giving you easy to understand directions for doing what you want to do.As things are going , I could n't be happier with EZ Armor . And if they keep going as they are , I will certainly continure to use it as my anti-virus software from now on .
 Firewalls that are simple to maintain , can be too inflexible to allow things you want to do -LRB- like set up a home network -RRB- . Sophisticated firewalls are very flexible , but can be hard to learn . The nature of security software is to prohibit specified actions , meaning somehow you need to specify which actions to prohibit -LRB- or you 'll just have to accept the firewall 's defaults -RRB- . Telling a sophisticated package which things to allow/prohibit can be intimidating while telling an unsophisticated firewall can be impossible . And it IS likely that some of the actions a product prohibits straight out of the box will be ones you actually want to perform/be performed.Adding to the problem are other Internet Security products that take over your computer and that are nearly impossible to completely uninstall -LRB- I had such an experience with a Norton product -RRB- . Yet the EZarmor product is one I can live with . The anti-virus is unobtrusive and effective . The firewall is flexible and can work with a home network . I have not used the anti-spam feature . I needed to learn how to use it -- it 's not a program that is intuitive from the get-go . But it 's not totally inpenetrable either.The firewall is apparently based on the ZoneAlarm core . So if you are familiar with ZoneAlarm , you can probably master EZArmor . And if you find any help documentation on the web for ZoneAlarm , it probably applies to EZArmor as well.If you are willing to take some time to learn it , it can work well for you .
 Being a linux first timer , I ordered Mandrake because of all the recomendations from other people . When it came in the mailbox , I stuck it in and rebooted the computer and i was up and running with the KDE desktop within 10 minutes.This is a very good distro . If you are looking for something a little more stable than xp , but are intimidated by Linux , i really recomend mandrake . Although it is n't quite as powerful as some of the other distros , it still has the user friendliness that you need as a first timer.I think it 's worthy of mention that once , with mandrake installed , i had my computer running for 2 weeks straight without it freezing up or crashing.Once you become used to the way Linux works , I reccomend switching over to either Slackware or Red Hat , since these are slightly more powerful and stable than a `` newbie '' distro like mandrake.One more thing , if you are using a `` Winmodem '' -LRB- a winmodem is basically a stripped down version of a modem that needs all kinds of windows software to run -RRB- mandrake will probably not be compatible with it -LRB- although there are some manufacturers who unofficialy provide drivers for them -RRB- . The best solution for this is to buy an external modem because :1 -RRB- They are very rarely winmodems2 -RRB- The setup is VERY easy -LRB- just plug it in -RRB- 3 -RRB- They tend to be faster than `` internal '' modemsIf you are not sure if it is a external or internal modem , or if it is compatible with linux or not , usualy all you have to do is ask the salesman or whoever is selling it.MY RATING
 This is a moderately good program , so long as you keep the security up-to-date . For those who are tired of the insecurity and instability of Windows XP , this is an excellent replacement . The text programs can read Word for Windows , and have a reliable alternative.Most of the video programs -- and there are a ton in Linux -- are good replacements for Windows Media Player.You 'll have a wide variety of choices for web browsers , from Konqueror and Mozilla to Opera.File managers also come in various stripes.If you are tired of Microsoft , go for it .
 My guess is that Mandrake is the reason why people never got Linux working and so never saw anything of it . Just get XP2 and an external hard drive . Install SUSE to that hard drive and try SUSE . If you can run SUSE and use SUSE then move on to the original SLACKWARE but it is a hell of a raw install . Mandrake does everything these two can , but SUSE is easier to install and SLACKWARE is more for experienced users -LRB- and free distro -RRB- .
 Although I have n't worked with the 10.0 Discovery , the 10.0 Community is by far the most friendly version of Linux I 've worked with . If you 're looking for your first step out of the DOS world then Mandrake is the place to start .
 After having nothing but trouble with multiple versions of McAfee and Norton/Symantec -LRB- crashes , interference with software installs , etc. -RRB- , I 've been a happy user of EZ Antivirus for about four years . If the virus definitions are kept updated -LRB- this process can be fully automated , or done on demand -RRB- , then this is a top-notch antivirus package . You can check independent reviews for confirmation of its effectiveness . It does its job without being obtrusive or bloated , and has caught every virus ever emailed to me -LRB- several per day -RRB- . Together with a good software firewall -LRB- I like Sygate 's free version -RRB- , and the occasional scan for adware/spyware/malware , I have found no better protection short of keeping my computer unplugged and turned off .
 While this premium linux distribution also comes with great documentation , it is really the six CDs packed with goodies you are paying for.This set gives you everything you need to take a computer with an empty hard drive -LRB- or one that already has an operating system like Windows on it - it can peacefully co-exist -RRB- and install Mandrake Linux 10.0 quickly and easily . Mandrake 10 is not only the easiest and cheapest linux distribution out there , it is also one of the fastest -LRB- running the new 2.6 series kernel -RRB- and definately the one with the best community of users willing to help you get started , learn more , or become a guru ! Visit mandrakeusers.org to see what I mean - if you have never tried linux out , these great folks will answer any question you may have.I personally find linux easier than anything else , and this Mandrake easier than any other linux . It comes with tons of games , software , office suites , etc , so you really only need to make one purchase . You do n't need to buy an anti-virus and firewall program , office program , CD burning software , etc separately because it 's all included!One more thing before I start my own install -LRB- seriously -RRB-
 Pros
 I 've installed Mandrake 10 and found it very easy to install alongside WinXP . The NTFS partition shrinking feature works , although it may be better to use a dedicated partitioning tool since Mandrake 's is somehow limited . It has a lot of software included , but there are some basic things that need to be download , i.e. Flash player for the browsers . In summary , is good , not perfect . Easy enough to be installed by an average user , but not that easy to setup .
 This is part of the Talk Now ! series that is also sold in languages such as French and Spanish . This program uses a fun format to learn vocabulary such as numbers , fruits and vegetables , common words , and directions . After showing you a group of words , you then can practice your pronuniciation against the speaker 's using a microphone -LRB- not included with the CD-Rom -RRB- , then play easy and hard quizzes to test you on the material . It 's a great first step to learn a language , and kids as well as adults will enjoy seeing all of the pictures associated with the words . Of course , this CD-Rom will not teach someone how to construct sentences , and you will need to find another program to do this for you . This CD , by the way , is also sold as one of the 5 CD-Roms of the Instant Immersion Spanish , French , etc. series . I am giving this 4 stars as I find the marketing of this CD confusing . I 've seen it on Amazon.com also as Talk Now ! , and as part of the Instant Immersion series . It can make it confusing to think you 're getting a new product when maybe you already have it on your shelf . Since there is virtually no Tagalog CD-Roms available to learn the language , this is a very useful CD-Rom to buy .
 I had some problems installing this game . If you 're getting it for Mac there 's no hope for you ; it wo n't run to the best of my knowledge . For PC , it 's a very simple process of deleting a single file and rewriting a new one . If you are having problems , please contact me and I can be of assistance ! Since the game is so out of date -LRB- over 10 years -RRB- it 's still running on a 16-bit version . If you 're running a 64-bit computer ; it does not recognize the program because it 's so old . However , you CAN make it playable since the game is equipped with a 32-bit software.HOW TO FIX THIS
 I would recommend Home Tutorial 's Photoshop CS2 to anyone starting out in Photoshop . It is a keeper-type of tutorial that you will refer to when doing something for the first time in Photoshop . -LRB- `` Let 's see - how 'd he do that ? '' -RRB- However , several of the lessons were , at times , disjointed and appeared to have not been rehearsed before the lesson was actually produced . And some of the example photos used in various lessons left a lot to be desired . Also the volume certainly needs to be increased as the tiny speakers in my monitor could n't be tweaked loud enough to hear every word.I had the opportunity to look at a good portion of Magic Media 's `` Mastering Photoshop '' tutorial that is used by a local on-line college in their Photoshop course . Even with the above-mentioned faults of the Home Tutorials Photoshop CS2 tutorial , I thought it was significantly better than the `` Mastering Photoshop '' tutorial . On the other hand , if you want to buy the absolute best CS2 tutorial , buy Total Training 's CS2 tutorial . It is about 20 times more expensive than Home Tutorial 's Photoshop CS2 , but it is the best.Bottom line
 This dvd is geared toward the beginner to intermediate level . It covers the fundamentals but you need to supplement it with reading and possibly taking a class . It is about the same as taking a class in a community college for a fraction of the cost .
 This is a very good tutorial for Photoshop CS3 . It covers the subjects in a clear and understandable program .
 Prompt delivery . I purchased this product as an aide in the classroom for my students . The college IT professionals had a difficult time accessing the material . I was worried that I would not be able to utilize the CD , nonetheless we finally realized that it was copied unusual and after several weeks of trying , we eventually retrieve the information and got the CD running . If you purchase this product , you must have a newer PC with DVD capatibility . It is formatted for windows , however it can be access on the MAC . The students were able to follow along very well .
 My 5 year old son loves this game . It has many challenges and now that he is in Kindergarten , when he plays he gets a review of what he is learning in school . The graphics are really cool .
 My son loves the game . Unfortunately for some activities he needs help to figure out what to do . Some of the activities are tricky to understand the goal and no explanation is provided -LRB- the frog must jump on similar colored lily pads -RRB- . The game runs fine on my old G4 700mhz - Mac , which is nice .
 I bought Didi & Ditto because I was looking for a computer game for my son who is 3 . Not only does he enjoy it , but so does his brother who is 8 . While I would n't buy it for an 8-year old , I think this attests to the broad range of activities this software offers . It 's a winner in our home !
 My 4 yo daughter began playing this at the Apple store while waiting for us . She loved it so much we bought it before we left.There are parts she can do all by herself and parts difficult enough to require help from Mom + Dad . Which I think of as good . It gives her a sense of accomplishment and is challenging enough to require our help and allow her to grow with the game.Look at it like this ... it 's better than TV .
 Kutoka Interactive bills itself as an edutainment software developer for children 's titles and I have to agree with their own assessment . My grandson Preston , who will be four in August of 2004 , has been highly entertained , sitting once for over two hours mostly by himself navigating through the various activities . For an almost four year old with a limited attention span I would have to conclude that the software developers do indeed know how to keep children 's attention focused.Didi and Ditto is an adventure game , where the players must complete a learning activity in order to add a fruit or vegetable to their carry sack . At the beginning the child is instructed to choose whether he wants to play as the female character -LRB- Didi -RRB- or the male character -LRB- Ditto -RRB- . The game starts with a very well constructed flash movie where Didi and Ditto are playing Turnip Tennis . Along comes Zolt the Wolf who is very , very hungry . Zolt tries to steal the turnip , but through a series of mishaps involving , Didi , Ditto , and HipHop the rabbit , the turnip rolls into a tunnel . Zolt is a vegetarian wolf who would much rather eat fruits and vegetables than a beaver , so it 's up to the player to complete the learning activities and gather the food to save the sibling held captive by Zolt the wolf.Learning activities include lessons in math , literacy , music , thinking skills and creative/artistic . The game is played on one of three levels ; easy , medium , or hard . In addition to the learning activities there are activities which are there purely for entertainment . Characters such as Couki the dog , Hootdini the owl , Grumpy the bee , and Venus the chicken pop up in areas where they are not the main character , to add a certain silliness appropriate for this age level.Didi and Ditto has been written specifically to reinforce what children are learning in kindergarten and as such much of the material is over Preston 's head . Even so , the software provides a great teaching tool for me as a grandparent . By sitting with the child through the activities I 'm able to help advance both his cognitive skills and his computer skills . With three levels of difficulty from which to choose , some of the learning activities are still too advanced even at the easiest level for Preston , while others are within his skill range . Because there are so many activities in this software , and with the entertainment value it provides , I can easily see him using this program over the next two years to help him be well prepared for when he does finally enter kindergarten.With all the interactive toys in today 's market , children these days are quick to learn . Preston has learned how to load the CD , start the game , and navigate to his prior game or choose a new one from his very first sitting . He has also learned functions on the iBook such as click and drag , which was rather daunting the first few times he tried it . Trackpadding requires a different skill than mouse clicking . So the other indirect benefit of this software is teaching my grandson computer skills.There are a couple of very minor aspects of the software that I believe could be improved . In one of the games , the player is asked to spell a word which appears in the center of the screen . The letters are lowercase and , to my eye , very stylized . If a child is just learning how the lowercase letters look , this may be difficult for them . The other change I would suggest is that the developers make a separate English version for the US in which the letter Z is called `` Z '' and not `` Zed '' , as it is in the present version . While Zed is common usage in countries that speak `` British English '' , it is not the common form used in the US.Didi and Ditto Kindergarten in a hybrid CD-ROM that is compatible with both Windows and Macintosh computers . Minimum system requirements for Macintosh are System 9/OSX ; 300 MHz G3 or above processor ; 128mb RAM ; 800x600 and 24-bit color ; and 280 MB of hard disk space . Flash 6 is also required . There is a well-written instruction guide for adults that explains how to navigate around the game.I 'm not a professional educator so my evaluation of this software is based on my grandson 's reaction , and he likes it very , very much . So much so that he asks to play it every time he is here . To ignore his videos and toys to play a fun learning game says a lot to me about the appeal of Didi and Ditto to the age group for which it is intended.MyMac.com rating
 Finally , fresh new characters which are adorable . I am a converted Kutoka buyer as I have now bought a 3rd item from them . I was so impressed with the Mia Reading and Mia Language that I wanted to try this multi-subject game for my twin girls in kindergarten . This game is a great compliment to mia reading as it reinforces literacy and other subjects like math and problem solving . We have n't played with the art part yet but I still think it 's a great value for the other subjects . I 'm really impressed how it helps to develop their cognitive skills and patience as one of my girls has a problem with concentration but found through the problem solving activities that she is overcoming these difficulties . Great product . Even my neighbours kids come over to play it !
 My 4 year old son received this as a Christmas present . He has really enjoyed playing it so far . He can do most of the activities without help . There is one part where you have to ride a cart down a mountain and click buttons to duck or jump , which I think is pretty hard for little ones -LRB- it actually took me a couple of tries to make it down the mountain -RRB- . There are many different learning activities
 I purchased this game for my 3 year old who already reads a little and knows her numbers well . I hoped this game would help her learn addition . She loves to play it , but several of the games require hand coordination beyond her ability -LRB- the hand cart one in particular , as noted by another reviewer -RRB- , and catching bubbles . It was frustrating to me because she knew the proper answer but could not `` execute '' because her movements were too slow . Over time , she has improved enough to play most of the games on level one . The game is very engaging ang the graphics well-done , but the educational part is under-emphasized . The game that `` teaches '' addition involves frogs jumping to lily-pads and my daughter is so focused on the frogs that the addition lesson is hardly noticed .
 -LRB- Responding to Joel G 's review below -RRB- It 's unfortunate that your child was unable to enjoy Didi & Ditto because of a technical problem you had with your computer . The majority of Didi & Ditto players are running Microsoft Windows and enjoying this great educational software.If you send us an e-mail message at service@kutoka.com, I am sure that someone from our technical support team will be able to help you resolve the issue you seem to have experienced with your computer display.Also note that all activites can be unlocked in the Activities menu by pressing the F6 key on your keyboard . A full list of the game 's keyboard shortcuts can be found in the user 's guide which is accessible from the Start menu.Hope this helps .
 I was amazed how colorful the graphics are in this game . My 6 year took right to it and played it for 2 hours the first sitting . She mastered level 2 pretty easy and is on to level 3 . Our computer runs windows and we have had no problems . This is a great game to buy for the summer to keep kids up to speed between K and 1st grade .
 So excellent in all departments . Program does not crash or flake out at random . Requires only included installation of QuickTime . Not frustrating for little kids due to variety . Wonderful character design and great variety of puzzles . This is the gold standard for games of this type .
 A lot of brain flexing while enjoying the program 's great graphics . I give the makers of this game a thumbs up for coming up with it . My son 's use of it has sharpened his learning skills - without him knowing it . He just enjoys the games and funny -LRB- and safe -RRB- animation . A parent or older sibling will have to be there to help them understand some concepts , but as soon as they learn the game at level 1 , it 's easy to jump to 2nd then the 3rd level . Then again , this will depend on the child 's age , learning ability , and the time spent on the computer . An hour with a bit of relaxing in between would be suggested when working in front of the computer to rest the eyes .
 Complete and Powerful PC Care
 I have n't been using the product for that long , but it certainly has all the bells-and-whistles , and they all work . It is picky about the modem it needs -LRB- requiring a modem that properly supports voice -RRB- , but once running it is very slick ! Answers my phone , allows me to do voice mail blasts etc. etc. I would definitely recommend anyone try the 30 day trial . They have a newer product that allows remote access to your email , contacts , files and such -LRB- according to tech support anyway -RRB- , but the remote access appears to be the only difference from this product ... and if it ai n't broke !
 The only prob I 've had with Office 97 is that Publisher 97 can not do mail merge . Error is : PUBMERGE Out of Memory . ... and then nothing ... but you can still used Publisher just fine as a publishing program.I tried many things to get it to work , with no luck.An MS MVP tried also , with no luck , and concluded this might be due to a security patch , which killed it.MVP said mail merge with Publisher works in Office 2000 , so I 'll be upgrading to that , to try it.I have the stand alone Office 97 , so I can get the Office 2000 upgrade , less expensive than 2000 stand alone.Also , Secunia shows Office 97 as being an insecure program , but I have n't noticed anything .
 It is a gret tool for converting existing , structured ASCII/ANSI text documents -LRB- such as reports , invoices , log files , etc. -RRB- , or HTML , into valid XML using any DTD or XDR Schema on an ad hoc , programming-free basis . VorteXML 's ability to simplify the transformation of complex business documents and HTML into valid XML can dramatically speed up and reduce the cost of implementing enterprise XML systems or putting legacy output on the web.I love it . It is so easy to use .
 It 's a fun-packed reading adventure all the way!It starts with the first fundamentals - like learning the alphabet . Then it progresses to basic reading skills - like phonics and sentence construction.Kid 's ca n't help but learn!SKILLS LEARNEDLetter RecognitionAlphabetPhonics Skills , Word RecognitionSentence StructureBeginning ReadingCreativityCritical ThinkingHighlightsLearn Your ABCs!Listen to the alphabet song . Look at the missing letters . Then see if you can put them where they belong.Mail the Letters!Which objects belong in which mailboxes ! You 'll need to know initial letter sounds to figure it out!Fun with Reading!Now that you know letters , words and sentences , put it all together to really read ! Four fun-filled stories to choose from!Spell it Out!Complete the spelling of each word by dragging the right letters . A great way to learn common letter patterns!Maximize Learning!In this special section , you can view a profile of your child 's progress , get ideas for off-computer activities , print worksheets and much more!Build a Sentence!Slide jumbled words into place and learn what makes a sentence - complete with periods and capital letters.Product Features12 irresistible activitiesOver 200 vocabulary wordsCharming character guidesMotivating reward systemOver 150 printable worksheetsRead-along storybooksSmart Software that adjusts to your child 's learning levelDetailed progress trackingInstant access to parent support
 Endnote is the leading software for organising or publishing references . Simply enter the references into the data base , either by hand - tedious or by direct reading of abstract information from CD or your local library . Endnote becomes an integral part of word or other wordprocessors and a simple click inserts a reference at the correct place and better yet a full reference at the end of the manuscript.Rejected manuscript - we 've all had them ! - reformat all the references for a different journal instantly.If you write scientific papers on a computer - you need this and will probably wish you got it years ago .
 Endnote 5.0 is absolutely wonderful . It is incredibly easy and fast to use the built-in components to search online databases such as PubMed , Biosis , or Web of Science . References can be stored on your computer with their abstracts and the link to the journal site to download the article . This makes sorting papers and collecting papers for research and writing easy ! I did n't believe it would be so useful until I tried it . Well worth the money if you write and cite literature often .
 Ultra-realistic harps , flutes , ouds , drums from all over the world , and other types of instruments . Proteus VX only works with Windows XP , not in Win7 , but maybe someone smarter than me can get XP emulator to work .
 This product is a great buy . Most video editing software with this many features easily runs for about $ -LRB- ... -RRB- . Video deLuxe is easy to use and came with a load of features ... for -LRB- a lot less -RRB- .
 After installing this program , I was able to -LRB- fairly quickly -RRB- capture video and sound off of my camcorder , do some basic editing in the program , add music in the background , and save into a file to make a Video CD . I am now starting to play around with the titles , subtitles , and sound / video effects available in the program . I 've created videos up to an hour long , and I have n't hit any bugs yet . Compared to other video editing packages reviewed here , this is quite an accomplishment.The only reason I knock this down to four stars is that the documentation glosses over key areas , like how to output your work . For example , there are perhaps a dozen options related to outputing video to an MPEG file , but the manual only has * two lines * of text devoted to the subject -LRB- not including the page explaining how to upgrade your MPEG-2 encoder -RRB- . I 've ended up outputting video as DV-AVI and using TMPGEnc -LRB- freeware -RRB- to convert to MPEG . If Magix would plug the holes in the manual this would definitly be a 5-star program , esp . considering the price .
 I first passed on this program because of the price . I thought , it could n't possably do much for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . After Tech-TV tested it , and recommended it , I downloaded the demo and was amazed how great it is . I have Movieshaker and it will only make a 9 min movie . I have Ulead and MGI , both crash on Xp often and capture is not always good . This program supports my DV-8 and sends it back to the camcorder over my firewire.I found the manual to be helpful but I am not a beginner . Others have complained that it is not enough -LRB- I do n't agree -RRB- . This program does a lot : Picture in pictureboth video and audio effectsunlimited movie length16 tracks of workspacesuperimpose video tracksalfa channelsblue and green screanaudio and video cleaningsong wizard will make a soundtrack to any langth you wantexport to several formatsexport to the web in Real Player or WMF for modem or broadbandincludes video clips to learn withand More !!!! Keep in mind that this Company has horrible tech support.phone support will cost you $ 3.00 for the first min $ 1.50 for the rest.Free support is e-mail only and the service is slow and not very helpful !
 I recommend this product to anyone because it 's simple to use , inexpensive , useful and you get high quality results . I purchased video deLuxe because my brother owns one and showed me how to use it . We 're both using it for the holidays . He emailed me a beautifully edited video of ourThanksgiving dinner with the whole family and his voice is narrating parts . There 's running text with funny comments and background music he picked from his CD collection . It is wonderful what you can do with this program . There are transitions and video effects and editing tools thathelp you to turn your home videos into high quality timeless family classics . I will use it for my families Christmas videos this year . You could , for example , send a video greeting via email to everyone in the family - all just with a few clicks . So far I did n't have a problem bringing in video from my video camera . It works great for me !
 Magix Video Deluxe is a great piece of software . It would be a five if the manual was worth the paper it 's printed on . It does everything the novice to intermediate NLE editor needs , but you 'll have to figure it all out yourself . I ca n't say too many times . THE MANUAL IS USELESS . Maybe that 's how Magix can sell this product at such a low price point . Also you could grow a beard waiting for their support to answer the phone.In Summation : Buy this software , but be ready to devote some time to learning how it works .
 I disagree with some of the other reviews listed here . This product rocks . Remember this software retails for $ 49.00 , it is not a $ 500.00 program . Video Delux has every feature that I wanted and more . It works great with a FireWire card and Digital Camcorder . I have used it with home movies , stills , and music and it does a great job.Before I selected Video Delux , I demo 'd 4 other products including Adobe Premiere 6.0 . While Video Delux is not of the calibre of Premiere , it comes close and with the price difference , -LRB- Premiere runs $ 400.00 + -RRB- you ca n't go wrong .
 I enjoyed learning how to use Magix ' Video Deluxe in version 1 and liked it so much I bought version 2 . Version 2 includes DVD menus and authoring , which version 1 does not . If you do n't need DVD authoring - if you can make do with emailing your videos , posting them online , or sending back to your camera for VHS , this is an excellent program .
 In the age of technology where we are losing our children to mindless games such as `` Grand Theft Auto '' -LRB- because that 's what you want your children to learn right ? -RRB- it is wonderful to know that once upon a time there existed educational and fun programs for children to play with . With Little Howie go on a GREAT Word Adventure to help your child recognize alphabetical order , rhyming , word recognition , Upper and lowercase letters , order memory and so much more . Interactive and fun not just for your children , but for you as well . I urge you , before your child picks up the controller for a first person shooter , have them pick up language skills they will carry with them for the rest of their lives .
 This product roxxx ! I was surprised at all of the stuff that this software can do . Much more than I expected . I used it for parties and to DJ an event . It is fun to control the music with all the buttons . The video is awesome too . I have used similar types of software products and this one blows them away ! You do though have to know how to turn on a computer , but I did not find it hard to use at all .
 I read an article in some magazine that jukebox or dj programs like this are getting huge . I 'm a straight up club kid so I know whats up with the whole rave lifestyle and I agree . Trance and electronic music in general are booming right now and I can actually spin a mix on this program not to mention throw up some wicked videos and effects . These people know what they 're doing . This is candy for the kids and clubbers !!!
 I use playR jukebox XXL to play back my list of songs , like one would on their CD players , except with XXL I can add video playback or if friends are over I could hook up my digital video camera and have live input of my guests on the monitor , which could be really fun especially when you add the real-time special effects . For example I use the ghost like effect to turn everyone passing or dancing in front of the camera into ghostlike images and change the back ground room color to bright fusia . If it come down to it and someone feels like a being a real life DJ they could get on the PC and remix with cross fades and real-time effects like distortion/reverb/echo / compression . It 's fun . Difficulty level is n't bad at all , if you understand the concept of remixing samples in songs . If you enjoy music and want to add a little something special to your entertainment system ... this is it . : -RRB-
 I had to write a review because I use it to play back music . It works and I have no complaints . My daughter has emailed a musical slide show to my sister in Utah and she thinks it 's just great . We loaded in some family pictures from our recent get together and added the theme music from some CDs we had and emailed it over ... so she gets to watch the family slide show we compiled . It 's really wonderful . I 'm still learning a little at a time on how to use all the features , but I 'm getting there . It 's definitely fun and interesting .
 This product roxxx ! I was surprised at all of the stuff that this software can do . Much more than I expected . I used it for parties and to DJ an event . It is fun to control the music with all the buttons . The video is awesome too . I have used similar types of software products and this one blows them away ! You do though have to know how to turn on a computer , but I did not find it hard to use at all .
 This Seminar style DVD is fantastic for anyone interested in learning Sony Acid Pro version 6 . This DVD package covers every aspect for Sony 's software from real studio multi tracking , to the ins in outs of basic and advanced midi editing/recording . It also covers the features of what made Acid famous in previous versions of the software ; the loop based functions.This package comes with 4 discs . The first disc is nothing but a demo disc with all of Sony 's popular audio/video programs . These are only free trials or demo versions , and having the full versions of most the software that was on the disc , I did n't check it out much.Discs 2 and 3 are DVD video discs that can be played in any home DVD player , or on your pc . They recommend watching it on your home DVD player , as the 4th disc is called the `` companion disc '' . This disc is a CD-ROM data disc that contains all the files featured in the 2 DVD video presentations , so you can copy them to your computer 's hard drive and follow along with the instructor on DVDs and learn how to use Acid fluently.Now , I myself have used Acid a lot before , and was just hoping what I was doing was the right way to use the features I was going for . I have watched the DVDs , and so far learned many things I did n't know acid was capable of , but also learned that there are faster/easier ways to do the things I have been going for . This package , like I stated above , covers every aspect of the program and how to use it.Sony not only made the Acid Pro 6 software , but this very DVD package came from Sony 's studios and was created by the people who designed the program . So you 're getting the best training with this package.However , I would not recommend this product for novice PC users who do n't have much experience with audio . I worked with Acid without this DVD package for months and got somewhat use to it , along with reading PC recording books , asking questions on forums , ect . So again , I would only recommend this DVD package for users who know a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- about pro audio and PCs because this package only covers Acid as a program , and not all the PC bells and whistles needed to run it.If you have never used Acid before , I would recommend opening the program up and play around with it a little before using this training DVD . The instructor moves along pretty fast through all the training `` classes '' and you will find yourself pausing and playing back sections very frequently if you do n't know much about Acid . They go through the sections pretty fast , but if you know Acid somewhat , you can follow along with them pretty easy . The best thing to do , is watch the DVDs through once , and then try the tricks in Acid . And if there is a few things you ca n't remember how to do , just bust out the training DVDs again and review them.I was so impressed with this package , then I went ahead and bought the other seminar DVDs for the other programs I have from Sony . These are fantastic.Overall , this was defiantly worth my money and has shown me way more then I expected . Do n't let the jargen fool you ... you DO N'T need pro tools ... Acid Pro 6 , with all the updates , is a full Digital Audio Work Station .
 just like going to college for chess ... and you can repeat a few times ... then take a couple of midterms by playing in some minor tournaments ... and the final at a major event ... or use the budget way by playing against crafty the computer 2600 GM that comes with the dvd ... for the lazy player who wants quick boot camp style instruction ... just the essentials ... who can remember the numerous sub-sub-sub-variations in dense books ... excellent review just before a tournament ... see heard and learn in 4 hours ... and soon you think and talk chess expertly with a russian accent
 It 's a really great educational game and strategy for kids and adults . It helps them to recognize , remember , count , colors , etc. . I bought it for my nephews and they love it . I highly recommend this to everyone under 13 years old -LRB- and up -RRB- . Thank you
 Wow this game rocks !!! Best Hp game nice graphics co-op mode and the spells and characters are incredible . The camara and controls are very easy to get used to and it 's length is perfect . Control options are in GOF folder
 this game is very good.Here 's my opinion on a scale of 1-10 . graphics/10spells/8sounds / 9menu/8how hard it is/6 -9 similarity to book/7controls/5So the controls are n't the best , butI really enjoy this game .
 Everything Harry Potter is awesome ! Kids love it ! Very cool , PC game for my daughters laptop ! &#34; After all this time , Always ! &#34;
 I can see there are some who would like the harry potter games to continue to be very similar on the PC . However , as you can probably see by the reviews , this was not . With a capital N.Does that mean it 's a bad game ? NO . This is by no means a bad game . Some have complained about the lack of mouse usage on the PC . From the many hours i have spent with the game , it is my view that that is a good thing . The reason ? The view configuration switches at a regular pace . Some views are from behind , some are from in front , some are close in , some are far off , and still yet some are an over-the-head RPG type.Could you imagine trying to use the mouse in ALL of these scenarios ? It would be a chore unto itself ! The locked in key binding is actually quite comfortable . The standard arrow keys control direction . And the lower left keys of the keyboard control powers and such . the z , x , c , v , a , s and so on . They are placed close together so you do n't have to jump all over the keyboard trying to remember how to do this or that . The graphics are super-sweet . Clean and crisp , nice colors , and smoothed out edges . Nice to look at . A nice number of levels as well . With the simple controls this has an easy learning curve . By the time you 've collected all 10 shields in the training area you will most certainly be adept at the controls.This comes on 2 CD 's and takes up just about 1.2 gig of HD space . It is an excellent game that just has a direct fight and continue mentality about it . With some minor puzzle solving along the way . Very consolish . But , in this case , it actually ported quite well . A quality action game that is a nice change of pace for the PC Harry Potter franchise.Worth the time to play .
 Why do people think this game is dull ? This is the greatest game in the world !! Sure it has a lot of new features but I mastered the game 15 times already . As for the bean pick up , use Accio on them .
 I really like this this game !!!!! The graphics are amazing ! Harry , Ron and Hermione look so realistic ! You even get to choose who you want to be.The tasks and magic are fun to learn and conquer . I enjoyed every aspect of this game ! The only unfortunate part is you ca n't use the mouse . Fortunately this is only a small obstacle and I got used to it quickly . You have to be stubborn or picky to not like this game . FYI
 My three godchildren all love this game . They have actually worked out some way by which they cooperate in challenging their enemies.They have each taken over some portion of the same keyboard !
 I was amazed at the grahics its a very good game . This time itsnot so hard , but its not so easy ether . Also this time its notso much the impossibile puzzles . its awesome !
 Jam-packed with a lot of adventure and magic , triwisard tournaments are stupendous -LRB- excellent -RRB-
 This was the best Harry Potter game ever.Here was where the four stars came in , you could n't move Harry wherever you want him to go.If you press `` left '' he goes north !!! The direction always changes -LRB- north = east -RRB- . I do n't really care about Magicus Extremos or the Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans.But I do care about Pumpkin Pasties and Cauldron Cakes.They revive your health.The Magicus Extremos did absoulutely nothing!NOTHING!I like the enormous spell casting and triwizard tournaments . !
 Most of the people do n't like this game because of difficulties in the options and controls . You can change options in the GOF folder . And the controls are very easy to get used to . The fact that you can play it with multiplayer makes it very fun and the graphics are incredible . The camara in my opinion is much better because it 's just boaring to always look at the back of your character . In my opinion do n't read the negative reviews and do n't hesitate to buy this game .
 My 7 year old son is crazy for this game , he wants to come back and get to the next level all the time .
 I really like it!It 's so better than the others games of Harry Potter , its graphics are very good!A lot of entertaintmentRealmente me gust&oacute;!Es mucho mejor que las versiones anteriores de los juegos de Harry Potter , sus graficos tienen mucha nitidez!Muchas horas de entretenimiento !
 One of the best overall games I have played this year . Great Graphics and easy to follow scenarios .
 This game is great ! It is the best yet ! The graphics are great and the gameplay is superb . The charms let you do amazing things and the jinxes have fabulous effects . When I saw the reviews , I was n't sure about buying it . I decided to take the risk and it was really worth it . I love playing this game and if you are wise , you 'll buy it too .
 The vast majority of Amazon reviews cite the following complaint about this game : - Impossibly frustrating point of view and character control systemEveryone who gives this complaint is using a keyboard and playing single player . The game is awesome ! It 's reminiscent of a modern day gauntlet -- but IF AND ONLY IF you use 2-3 nice analog controllers and play with other people.I almost skipped it because of the bad reviews ; I 'm so glad I went with my gut . After picking up two Logitech Dual Action Game Pads , my wife and I have been having a blast . * The puzzles are fun and just challenging enough * The variety of available spells keeps things enjoyably hectic * The music is excellent and really adds to the excitement * The card system for building up the characters adds a depth that keeps us coming back for more.I would have given five stars , but some complaints are legitimate
 I thought the game would be like the other three games , but it 's diffrent and cool ! So what if you ca n't get the beans ? Use that other readers advise . Use Accio on them . I tried that and it worked great before he or she put their review on.Sure the game is different than the other three , but why would anyone think that the game sucked ? Anyone who is n't afraid of trying something new can try this game -LRB- if they played the first three :--RRB- . I think this game is a great way to try something new . Do n't be afraid to try and do n't get frustrated when you lose.I lost a lot but that did n't stop me from trashing it . I just kept on going until I passed the level . And when I unlock the third task , I keep on going until I had all Triwizard Shiels , and mastered all of the charms and jinxes ; then I move on to the third task and then onto -LRB- gulp -RRB- Voldemort -LRB- makes a terrified and shaky look -RRB- . In other words , THE GAME RULES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I do n't know why everyone thinks that this game sucks because it sure does n't . Sure the camera angle is a little screwed up but that 's really the only thing that 's wrong with it , and I am already used to it.Now , this game is different from all of the other Harry Potter games but it 's not worse , Its actually one of the better ones . I think that the reason why everyone is bashing it is because they had 3 games that came out and they were all similar , and the one time when they change it everybody hates it ... but I love it !! It depends on what type of games you like . If you are a very action packed , adventure-type gamer , this game is perfect . And even if you are not , it 's still a fabulous game.The graphics are UNBELIEVABLE !! I mean they are CRAZY !! And I think that they use the real actors and actresses voices!It 's unbelievably accurate to the movie.Don ' t let the other reviews discourage you . I thought that this game would be crappy too . But I had a demo of it on my Harry Potter and the Goblet of fire DVD . And I thought that the demo was great , so I asked for it for Easter and I got it and it 's excellent ! And the game is challenging but yet its not too easy ... but it will still take you awhile to finish it.So the bottom line is THIS GAME IS GREAT !!!! -LRB- well at least I think it is : -RRB-
 Bad Controls , could use a free look prospective .
 The arcade style action and the new creatures all show that this is the best title so far in the HP computer game series . The spell controls are easy to manage and the graphics top HP3 by a longshot . The only complaints I have is that you ca n't really let go of Bubotubers and controlling your character is sort of difficult . Magcus Extremos is a cool feature that I 'm happy EA put in and the game follows the movie and the book very well -LRB- Can you believe they have a level for the bathroom ???? -RRB- . This actually should get 6 out of five stars . So fun and sooooo addicting .
 After reading all these bad reviews I thought , `` I 'll give it a chance ! '' Turns out it 's the best of all four games ! It 's so cool , I ca n't stop playing it !
 there is no mouse option with this game , and the keyboard funcationality is limited . get this gamepad if you wish to enjoy this game : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00030AX3Q/102-5398870-4967354?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=172282very frustrating game without it .
 The game play on GOBLET matches the earier games , as does the graphics.The most unique feature is also the greatest weakness of the game
 I JUST LOVE THIS GAME AND UPPSET THAT PEOPLE THINK IT 'S BAD ... IT 'S GREAT!GRAPICS :10 / 10AWSOME ! BEST GRAPICS OF THEM ALL!SPELLS :10 / 10OMG ! SO MENY SPELLS ! -LRB- FAVORET IS ACCIO . -RRB- CONTROLS :10 / 10VERY SIMMPLE CONTROLS , MAKING IT EASY TO CAST SPELLS AND MOVE.CARECTERS :10 / 10GOOD ! I LIKE HOW YOU CAN CHOSE ANY OF THE 3 . CRETHURS :10 / 10GOOD AMOUNT OF ENEMYS.DRAGON :10 / 10FAINT . SO COOL !!!! VOICES :10 / 10GREAT VOICES!CARDS :10 / 10OH ! AH!TRI - WIZERD SHILIDS :10 / 10COOL LOOKING!CUTSEANS :10 / 10WOW ! COOL!OVERALL :100 / 100BEST OF THEM ALL !
 It 's about time . A fun Harry Potter Game . What you have heard is true . This is an action Harry Potter game . I love it . It will keep the attention of anyone who has not been a fan in the past . This is because this is an action game where as the other potter games have been a hunt for and talk to collect-a-thon . Is there talking this time ? Yes , but only while you are fihghting . In fact , you do not have to read anything if you do not want to . Excellent audio samples and voice acting . The game is fast , fun and creative . You will casts numerous spells . A big complaint has been that you do n't pick your spells , you just always press the same button and perform whatever spell fits the situation . BUt I like it . It would slow down the action if you had to go through some menu , and it would limit the spells if they were limited to the number of buttons.Bottom line
 Being a avid player of the past three harry potter games , i was so excited when this one came out . At first , like most of the reviewers on here , i was disappointed , but later after mastering the controls and getting a little into the game i really began to enjoy it.i love the 3d style and any seasoned gamer wo n't have a problem with the change of perspective . The graphics are 20Xs better than the Azkaban game and I love how one has the ability to team up with the other two characters.I only have two bones to pick with the game . First off , the lack of freedom of exploration around hogwarts . That was one of my favorite aspects of the previous games and what made them better than the average `` movie game . '' I think this exclusion by the programmers is one of the main reasons why so many people were disappointed with it.The second thing that disappointed me was the shortness of it ! The other games had hours upon hours of play time and there were mini quests that one could do . In this game there are mini-quests but they are pretty easy to comeplete -LRB- dragon statutes , water taps , mushrooms , dark detectors , mini shields , disappearing card -RRB- . It seems like they were planning to do way more with it because there are only like 6 or 7 levels in the whole thing -LRB- three of them being the 3 triwizard tasks -RRB- . Hopefully they will take into account the two above things in the upcoming Order of the Phoenix game .
 I enjoyed playing this game , but I think it is a little boring . And a lot of it is hard . I also think that it takes to long to advance levels . And also in a lot of ways , it is just like the other games . Of course , it is different . But the general guideline is the same . The spells are the same . Plus , if you read the instruction booklet for help , it is very poorly written , at least for 10 year olds to understand . The game is sometimes fun . But it does get boring .
 After reading all these negative reviews , I was hesitant to buy the Goblet of Fire videogame . But , being myself , I had to buy it and see so for myself . For me , it was n't as bad as everyone says it is.The camera views - Yes , it 's new , but once I got the hang of it , it was fine and did n't cause me trouble.The new spell system - Yes , it 's new , but I kind of like it -LRB- although I still find the older one better -RRB- . The graphics - Excellent . I was impressed with the high-quality of the cutscenes as well.The magic - There is n't really a list of spells ... You press X to do jinxes , C for charms , and Z for Accio . There is a lot of magic in this game , though.Multiplayer - I guess this is good , but I never played it with multiplayer , so ... One thing that I do n't like is the fact that the whole game is basically just going to levels ; DADA classes , then Moody 's Challenges , the tasks ... You do n't get to go to classes and explore anything . In the previous games , before you had to go somewhere , you could explore parts of Hogwarts and etcetera . Well , in this game , you do n't really ... rest anywhere , so to speak . When you 're done doing something , you are brought to the Pensieve , which is where you choose which level you would like to play next.Do you remember having to wait several minutes , watching the LOADING GAME screen forever ? Well , there is no LOADING GAME screen , unless you regard that smoky thing with the blue light as a loading screen , which , for my computer , stays on the screen for less than a second -LRB- literally -RRB- . Also , there is an autosave option ; no spellbooks to run into to save your game.Many of you are complaining that you can not change the video , resolution , audio , etc. settings . You have to open the Goblet of Fire folder and you can modify them there.Overall , this game is enjoyable and fun , and though I favor the others over this , I still enjoyed playing this one . Give it a chance ! New is n't always bad!Sorry for the length of this , but that 's how I write .
 I loved the first 3 games , so I was a bit dissapointed when I read all the negative reviews . . but I still decided to buy the game ! And it was quite good !!!! I do n't really mind the perspective . . I got used to it quite soon . Same goes for the steering . You can quickly get into it and then it seems so normal!Negative for me was that you have to do some levels again to get to the next levels which sometimes annoyed me , but everytime new things came up so it was n't even very boring!I liked this game , but I do hope EA goeas back to the original idea . . it was better ! Still this game is n't as bad as some people say it is !! You quickly get into the game and then you ca n't stop playing it !!!
 Excellent for cleaning cache files . I have used this product for 4 + years with no problems . The current version 6.5 lets you customize it to the next level so it wont wash away any important cookies or files and works with XP or Vista .
 I love this program . It had made my computer work soooo much better . Not only that but it helps me get rid of all the left over junk from uninstalling things and it also helps keep you computer safe by deleting tracks and cookies .
 Most convenient . Great with Webroot SpySweeper , if you do n't want spyware , etc. to damage your PC .
 Dear Fellow Writer - If you write TV commercials , documentaries , informational videos , corporate speeches , or any other material that needs two or more columns side by side , this program is for you.The program provides the neat trick of keeping a block of visuals alongside the accompanying block of gab , no matter what changes you make elsewhere in the script.In his review of SideBySide in the Writers Guild Journal , James Tugend said it best -- `` The formats for writing commercials , business films , videos , documentaries , multimedia and live television are quite varied , but they virtually all have two , three or four columns . ... Doing this on a word processor is not as easy as it sounds . Most commercial production houses have been using computers for just about everything except writing scripts , which is usually done on a typewriter . ` SideBySide ' from Simon Skill Systems is designed to fill that gap . `` As I left behind my Selectric and advanced from an Olivetti word processor , to EasyWriter on the first IBM PC , to WordPerfect , to Word , I kept struggling with the challenge of writing the multi-column , side-by-side scripts that are the industry standard . Finally a few years ago , word processing caught up with the need.It still was n't easy . Over a period of time -- with much studying of the Word manuals , countless phone calls to Microsoft , and much trial-and-error -- I finally developed the techniques that make multi-column scripting as simple as writing a two-paragraph memo . Producers were impressed with the look of the scripts , and dazzled by how readily they could make changes without corrupting the format of the entire document.The word began to spread , and soon other writers were asking to use my hassle-free solution . So put it in a box . Now , everyone who needs to write or work with multi-column scripts can escape the formatting frustrations and be productive faster.With SideBySide , you simply select the format of your choice , open the corresponding file from the disk ... and start writing!Ready to edit your script ? No problem -- Add a scene in the middle ... move a scene from one page to another ... swap one storyboard sketch with another . Everything stays perfectly aligned.As they say in those television commercials we 've all seen - `` But wait , that 's not all . '' With a click , the program will calculate the reading time of the narration or speech text.With another click , SideBySide will pick up the entire audio column and format it into a narration script or speech text - ready for the speaker to take to the podium or for the narrator to take into the recording booth.I 've written hundreds of documentaries , corporate shows , speeches , and corporate meetings . I 've written for CBS , PBS , Universal Studios , Apple Computer , IBM . I 've done documentaries with Walter Cronkite , galleries for the Smithsonian Institution , the U.S. Pavilion for the Paris Air Show . Believe me , I know what the challenges are , and I know what you need in a side-by-side script formatting program.SideBySide does what you need.I hope you 'll take advantage of this opportunity . If you 're hesitating -- remember that SideBySide carries a full money-back guarantee.Script writing has never been easier!Bill Simon
 I had originally placed a bid on this product on eBay and after winning the bid and receiving the software , I installed the software on my computer and now , I can see my computer screen alot better now .
 When I decided to convert , for archival purposes , my collection of LP 's and cassettes to CD format , I started doing a lot of research trying to find the best program for the job . I looked at several other programs -LRB- ranging in price from free to several hundred dollars -RRB- that try to do the same job as ACL -LRB- Audio Cleaning Lab -RRB- and found them wanting.One of the features I like best that I could n't find in any other program , is ACL 's ability to perform real time transformations . Virtually all of the filters -LRB- such as it 's click removal or dehissing filters -RRB- can be applied in real time . This means that you do n't have to wait from several seconds to several minutes to find out if the changes you made got you the desired result . I ca n't emphasize enough how much easier it is to clean up a recording with feedback in real time . Want to see if the declicker filter would make the album sound better ? Simply start to play the recording , turn on the filter , and hear the results . Adjust the slider associated with the filter and you get immediate feedback as to what your actions are doing . Other programs make you adjust the filter , then wait while it applies the filter to the entire recording . Very annoying.If you do n't want to go to the trouble of manually fixing an old record or cassette , ACL has a cleaning wizard that automatically looks at the recording and adjusts the filters for you . I 've found that the program is as good or better than the adjustments I make manually.I also like the Denoiser filter . This filter is great for cleaning a record that has a lot of background noise , such as a bad cassette recording with a lot of hiss . You simply select a portion of the recording that does n't have any music , like a section between tracks , and ACL will filter out the noise it hears from the rest of the tracks . Really amazing.Any of the effects can be applied to either the full recording or to individual tracks , which is good if you want to create a compilation that includes recordings from several different sources.Also , ACL will mark each track automatically so you do n't have to manually find them . This feature works very well except on unnusual albums like a classical or live recording where one track can blend into another.The only things I do n't like about ACL is that you have to purchase -LRB- for $ 14.99 -RRB- a mp3 converter if you want to burn more than 20 mp3s . But since you can save your music as a wav file which a can be read by any of the free mp3 converters , this is n't a big deal . I finally purchased the mp3 converter built in to ACL just to eliminate those extra steps.In conclusion , the program is easy to use , works perfectly in Windows XP and Windows 98 , and burns CD 's without any problems on my machine . The interface is clean and the program is very easy to use , even for someone who knows little about audio engineering , but has enough controls for the more advanced tweaker . I would highly recommend it if you intended to clean a lot of records , but ACL is probably overkill if you just want to rip mp3s from your CDs .
 The program is great for recording records & tapes to cd 's or install the music as . wav files on your computer . It takes a little experimenting to master all of the features the program has to offer . The filter choices gets rid of most of the clicks , crackling and noise that you normally find on old records but depending on the condition of the record you ca n't get rid of them all . You really need to throughly clean the records before recording . I have been successful in editing and cutting out the bad clicks that wo n't filter out . For the low price it 's a great tool for enhancing and transferring your cherished music to CD 's or copy to your MP3 recorder . MAGIX is owned by a company in Germany but has a Product support office in the U.S.Cons
 I purchased this product to capture my LP collection . I am extremely satisfied with the results . It has everything I need to make excellent captures.I would give it 5 stars , but there are some shortcomings , all of which are annoying , not imparing .1 . No MP3 encoder included . For the price , it should include an MP3 encoder . This is not a big problem for me , since I capture to . WAV files for direct burning to a CD . Converting to MP3 and back to . WAV would just introduce more distortion , and when I want to go to . MP3 I just use the free Music Match Jukebox 8.2 , which includes a MP3 encoder and has an easy batch file conversion menu .2 . The manual , and help file , are poor - almost like they were written in German and poorly translated : -RRB- 3 . The noise reduction wizards come up with solutions I find objectionable - too much music discarded and not enough noise . This is minor , since I use the wizard , then tweek the settings for my own preferences.BUT , for 39.95 , I think it does an excellent job .
 I have tried several software programs to make digital copies of my old LP 's and cassettes . Very frustrating , until I stumbled on this one . It is AWESOME and AMAZING ! You can visually edit the wave files which is a feature that no one else had . That is very helpful for dropping in CD track markers , taking out live applause , etc. . After you have converted all your old LP 's and cassettes , there are still more fun things you can do with this software , like record streaming audio .
 I have been using the Audio Cleaning Lab 2004 for about a month and I am very pleased with the product . I have converted over 30 tapes so far and have had no problems . The program is actually fun to work with . I like the way it automatically stops a recording when it detects a long pause . This is nice because I like to have it record when I am doing something else.I am not a serious audiophile so I only use a few of the programs abilities . I use and like the wizard that cleans up the sound on old phonograph records.I ca n't believe that this program sells for about $ 10 . It is one of the very best pieces of software that I own.Highly recommended !!
 I use this with Panasonic RQ-A220 cassette/recorder to convert my taped records/cassettes to CD . So far , it has worked very well.The only complaint I have -LRB- or perhaps do n't know how to do -RRB- is when I name the tracks , then burn to CD , the track names do not show - just track 01 , 02 , etc.NOTE
 As far as functionality goes , Organizer Pro does everything it should , and does it extremely well.Downgrading this review to ONE STAR . No response from the company , which leads me to believe they just do n't give a rat 's butt about customers . Do n't buy it , do n't use it , do n't bother.I did an upgrade online , hoping that would fix the problem . For my trouble I ended up losing data , and it is well and truly gone . Information that I thought was secure in the program was lost forever.This thing is a disaster waiting to happen.For some reason Organizer Pro opens when Windows starts , regardless of any options I may choose from the options box . Checking to see that the program is not resident in the Startup folder showed nothing.I 've e-mailed tech support on this twice so far , one month apart . As yet no response.I guess I can live with the thing starting on its own , but I find it annoying . And I find no response from tech support even more annoying .
 I was in desperate need of a calendar that did one simple function
 I have mine set up to open right up as the computer starts up . I know tasks to do for the day on the right and appointments on the left . I also double click the very top of the appointment section where there 's no time and I can enter the weather for the day ! I love how tasks and appointments can be color coded and appointments can be highlighted . I also have notes -LRB- gardening , household , etc -RRB- . I plan the year ahead for my bills , future appointments , etc. . I 've been using it for years . I 've tried other computer calenders and nothing works as well as this .
 I noticed that there are no reviews for this software , so here is one . This is an excellent package for the price . It does everything that a beginning musician would need and more . I am using it on windows xp , and have really had no problems at all . A bug that I noticed up front was that the tutorial song did not put out any sound , which made it more difficult to learn to use the software , but this was the only major bug that I have found -LRB- most likely just a freak thing -RRB- . The software is not very difficult to use . It is a little confusing at first because the manual does not go very far in depth but the Magix web site has more information about things that the manual left out.If you are looking for something in which all that you want to do is make playlists of MP3s , and non-original cds , this will do it , but you can get software that is cheaper that will work just as well . But , if you are looking to compose , record , and make your own cds , this is a very good place to start .
 This program is excellent . It has midi and audio studio capabilities . I mainly use the programs audio studio for multi track projects . Comes with a bunch of great effects , amp simulators etc. . You can even burn your projects directly to cd from the program itself . I believe it has 64 audio tracks and unlimited midi tracks . Look online for more features . Overall its a great value . I was planning on buying other software like guitar tracks pro ver . 2 or 3 , but settled on this for the quality price , and included midi studio . The book that comes with the program isnt the greatest for instructions , but there is a manual on the cd rom , which is ever so helpful . I have even owned a previous version of Magix -LRB- studio 6 deluxe -RRB- and their product has just gotten better . Their tech support is great as i had to use it once . They have online forums on magix.com as well . For the money you really cant beat this . One thing i actually dont like about it is you only get a limited amount of mp3 exports . -LRB- just export the wave file and convert with Itunes or any other free program ... problem solved -RRB- . I really love this product , and would recommend it to anyone looking to get their feet wet with music production , without paying the high cost of other programs like pro tools etc. . Most other products are overpriced and over-rated . I have read other user reviews on the internet , and either you love magix or hate it . Its an exceptional product for the price .
 Could I create songs from scratch ? Like the music maker ? I just bought the product and I have n't installed it yet , not until I know if I could track a drum and bass song or something like that?Help me please.jupiter0225@hotmail.com
 All this has basically been said , but I 'm gon na sum it all up for you . First I 'd like to point out that I have an album due to release this summer , using soley this program . There are a few glitches an irritations , but all of which can be overcome , so long as you actually think ! There 's a plethora of sounds and samples that are included with the program , and a good number of synths . Most of the actual instrumental synths are difficult , and awkward , but useful if you have the time to make it sound right . The generic synths are great , lots if different effects for them which make up for the lack of being able to play more than one note at a time . This can be overcome , by simply imputing another synth track directly under the one you want multiple notes played simultaneously , in fact , with 96 track slots you can do this with basically anything . The layering possibilities are endless . I would not recommend attempting to add VST 's to the VSTi synth as it will make the program even more unstable , this is the most frustrating problem with the program , frequent crashes , highly annoying when you were n't able to make a save , but I presume that is why magix makes several backup saves quite periodically . The sampler synth is definately a plus , easily add more sounds by downloading free SF2 files and placing them in the appropriate folder , easily found . MM2K4D also has many many different effects that you can apply to anything you add to the sequencing area . Overall this is a very good program , that is quite simple and easy , excellent for the price . Look for my album Randomosity , by my band alias ActionTekJackson , check out here www.myspace.com/actiontekjackson and there you have a sample of just some of the things you can do with the program , quite easily I might add .
 Look ... If you need software to CREATE music but have no skills with music production , instruments or stuff then this is your tool . It 's easy , it 's fun and it 's cheap , I 'm 16 and on a parental buget so cheap is good . Loop based music arrangements like that old Sonic Foundry Acid program but cheaper and easier . I can use mp3 files , CD files , MIDI files and even video . I can even create a website with the software . Created a song in under 5 minutes , I added video later and I ca n't say enough about it.I am hooked ... this almost makes it to easy.The only thing that is lame is that the mp3 encoder is extra . no biggie . I say if your into music you need this program .
 I really value and appreciate the Ultimate refernce suite . It has materials and content for people of all ages . It has great coverage on topics and I have had no problems installing or using the software -LRB- I did n't even need directions -RRB- . In my opinion it is the best value and a very solid peice of software . I recommend it to anyone that needs information or is just interested in learning . While there are some small improvements I would suggest Pierson make to the software I would not hesitate to buy this software .
 For centuries , Britannica has set the standard for reference . Now the power of electronic search has been added to make complex topics easy to explore . This edition will come as a pleasant surprise to those frustrated by popular CD-based encycloedias that are superficial and focused more on flashy graphics than on scholarly content . Of particular interest are the detailed literature references to books and periodicals that will form the foundation of a solid research program .
 I recently aquired the 2004 version of the Ultimate Reference Suite and am very pleased -LRB- I skipped the 2003 version because of the negative reviews I read -RRB- . It is an excellent value with not only high quality content , but a lot of it -LRB- covering three age groups -RRB- and with many different points of entry and ways to access it.I also applaud the new interface . While it is simple , it is also effective for that same reason . I like being able to view a lot of content at once , compare it , switch between it and organize it . The 2002 version seemed to be a poor attempt at imitating encarta.I have had not any problems running the software on my Dell PC -LRB- and I have used the software quite a bit , already -RRB- . I recommend this product over all previous versions I have seen and over all competative software both for the content and the implementation and say well done to Britannica and Pearson .
 I agree that Britannica has poorer user interfaces compared to Encarta and not as up-to-date in recent events . On the other hand , as someone who 's learned so much from the hard-copy version of Britannica from childhood , I still value the vast intellectual resources and scholastic quality of Britannia . You can find endless , and timeless classics in science sections - relativity article by Einstein , compilation of beautiful math formulas , thermodynamics section even recommended by Feynman , and oh . . that beautiful fluid mechanics which is so clearly written . There are numerous other examples in Britannica , for which you can never find a match in Encarta.It depends on your interest . I am mostly interested in science , arts , history , and I just love the authoritive , scholastic articles in Britannica . For others more interested in recent events , ease of use , multimedia features , Encarta may be a better choice . They can complement each other . Not a waste of money
 I have been using the Britannica products for years and this is definitely the best version that they have produced.Basics : - Three complete -LRB- age specific -RRB- encyclopedias
 I have bought both Encarta and Britannica for years -LRB- EB in printed edition too
 It is all around the best available encyclopedia . There are other , but Encarta represents exact Microsoft 's incline to put in more buttons and few knowledge . This is not only the best encyclopedia but it is the best Britannica . The quality of materials you get in enormous . The cross-reference are logical and helpful , the article well written and intriguing . It appears to be Java app , so it runs smoothly on any platform . I have it on my lovely two Apple machines and could not be happier . Britannice made the real leap from 2003 release to this one .
 With twins , one learns to be patient . One is a ` know it all ' and the other has mild ADD.Success Math has really helped by allowing both ends of the spectrum of our Kid 's abilities appear on the same screen . One chooses 1 - the most elementary and the other chooses 3 . The ` tests ' are timed and at the end a Certificate is printed -LRB- which I think is really neat -RRB- . The Kids are comfortable negotiating the various rooms and got started easily . There is little explanation.Right or wrong , we have replaced flash cards for this software , for the most part.The container box comes with 8 CDs carrying the very basics , then Algebra , Geometry , Trig , Calculus and Statistics . I found one of the kids perusing pre-algebra . I slipped away before he could ask me a question!If nothing else , the Math portion has paid for the Software and Shipping . The integrated time clock results printed on each certificate has caught the attention of these 7 year olds who , to my knowledge , have never been pressured by time on an exam - another reason , I like the Software .
 This is great software for a super low price . I purchased Ulead first for around $ 50 but I no longer use it . Magix has better transitions & the playback is smoother . It is also user friendly . Very simple ! I make dvds for gifts for my family and they love it . This is one of the best purchases I have ever made . BUT all software has it 's flaws ... As your slideshow gets larger , make sure you save regularly because there are some bugs that will shut it down .
 This exceeded my expectations . The two things I like most are easy editing functions and the ability to create high quality menus for DVDs . My only complaint is that there is a limit on the size of the files you can capture , ie . capturing a 4hr extended play home video . The program does capture the footage , gives several error/warning messages and the sound on the footage is lost . I will continue to use to transfer purchased VHS to DVD . Good program/value to get started with .
 Very good item , we 're working with now and we enjoy with because it item is exellent to make music . I recommmend it item , to make your music , thank you .
 This product does a nice job for what I use it for . I sell photo CD 's , and I like the covers I have produced . It is a bit time consuming due to the product not being able to import a photo off the desktop or folder . You have to go to iPhoto to import , and I use Photoshop . That means importing desired photos to iPhoto and then finding them . Kind of a pain , but not too bad . I 'm glad I bought Disc Cover .
 After getting the Wordlogic predictive keyboard product I was so impressed I got it for 6 other computers both at work and at home . My Purchasing Supervisor will not create a document without using the Wordlogic software after she tried it . User friendly and a real time saver and in business time is money ! Extremely easy to customize the dictionary and main software program to the words used most often in our specific business . A must have software product that works with all other software -LRB- e.g. word processing , spreadsheets , etc. etc. -RRB- . I wish that I knew of this software years ago !
 This was a gift for my wife and she loves it .
 It was so easy to use , I still ca n't believe it , for 7 days I smoked guiltless -LRB- knowing I was doing something about it -RRB- then it slowly brought me down from two packs a day to 1 and within a month and a half down to the last one I had , today I celebrate 3 years without smoking!No white knuckles , no craving!I had tried to quit for decades always returning within a few weeks , and smoking more after that.Thank you for my life !
 All you 'll need to succeed ! In next to no time this amazing lanuage tutor will have you talking like a native ! That 's the key ! Most foreign language courses just do n't really help you nail pronunciation ; this one does . It actually can take you from speaking Enlish only to being bi-lingual ; and in only 12 realitively easy lessons !
 This is a solid product for the home musician . It 's the full studio version of Cakewalk 6 , as opposed to ProTools , which gives you a limited version with the Mbox -LRB- keep in mind though , Cakewalk just upgraded to v. 7 -RRB- . It is the ONLY recording software to work well with Windows Vista , which is why I bought it . I have had no problems whatsoever . The audio interface is solidly made as well . Recommended .
 I want to tell everyone that this is HARD to work ... but really worth it . I could not figure out even how to record one track until I called customer service ... I wasted 5 hours on my own . But customer service had me recording in 5 minutes . I plan on calling back every time immediately when I want to do editing or anything new .
 My husband and I talked about putting up a barn next to our house for years , but the commitment of hiring a professional architect seemed intimidating - as well as expensive.CADPro is not just a listing of standard house plans that maybe you will like -LRB- or maybe not -RRB- , it 's a real blueprint design program . Yes , it does have some ready made plans , including a pretty cool tree house and outdoor kitchen - but this was not what I wanted . I started by installing the program - with so many buttons and features -LRB- over 8,000 -RRB- I was not sure where to begin . Luckily , CADPro includes a separate training CD -LRB- with sound and video -RRB- in the box . I watched the individual video lessons while I had the CADPro program open on my computer so I could go back and forth to practice . This is not a program you will fully master overnight.I still have not used all the features , but I was able to quickly access the tools I needed to design my barn in detail . One of my favorite features is the pop-up photo . By dragging and dropping the camera icon from the toolbar onto the floor plan the program automatically opens My Pictures . Since I wanted a post and beam look on the inside I took a digital photo -LRB- taken while eating at my favorite restaurant -RRB- and saved it in My Pictures . I also scanned in some photos from a post & beam brochure and popped these in too - there is no limit to the number of photos you can include . The photos show up on the floor plan as little camera icons - by clicking once on the tiny camera the photos open.Although my intent was to just design my barn using CADPro , I found I could redesign my great room -LRB- or other rooms -RRB- by using the existing dimensions of my house and creating images of the furniture I already have -LRB- with their size to scale -RRB- . I can now rearrange my furniture to see if it will fit - before I move my sofa 10 times.I am still waiting to see if the town will approve the building permit for my barn , but I feel better knowing I only invested 70 dollars , and I know exactly how it will look , and what the materials and estimated labor will cost , before they pour the foundation . I would highly recommended this program for anyone who wants to design their own renovation -LRB- or house -RRB- exactly the way they want , with blueprint results that a contractor can work from .
 I first bought a box of Punch software to design my new home office . Some cool 3D features , but for practical purposes , contractors could n't work from the design I created . That was why I bought CADPRO
 This is a cool system to learn a language -- you never see English -LRB- that is , you never learn the word in English -RRB- , so you have to figure it out on your own ... just as if you were immersed in the culture . You have to sick with it to make it work , and it 's best to combine this with other references -LRB- English to Greek , for example -RRB- . It 's not a quick reference guide , nor will get you there instantly , but it works .
 I had a great buying experience-received communicatons and products promptly and item was as promised
 The Rosetta Stone Greek Level 1 & II is an excellent second course if you want to increase your vocabulary and develop the kind of feel for the language that a native speaker develops as a child . The course is entirely in Greek , with no instruction in English and no explanation of Greek grammar.If you want to learn conversational Greek for travel , then I recommend that you start with the Pimsleur Greek I course . Unfortunately , there is no Pimsleur Greek II course , so I recommend the Rosetta Stone course for your second course . You may also want to buy a dictionary for the occasional word that you will not be able to understand just from the pictures in the Rosetta Stone course . You may also want to purchase a book on Greek verbs to supplement the Rosetta Stone course.One advantage of the Rosetta Stone course is that it will help you to increase your fluency at reading the Greek alphabet .
 This program is okay and it does teach some important concepts and will greatly enhance your reading and listening skills . However as another review mentioned for faster and more applicable Greek start with Pimsleur 1 and then use Rosetta Stone.The two compliment each other very well , and after doing just half of each program I was able to jump directly into a second year university Greek course with very little trouble even though I had missed the entire first year . Although neither will teach you complete fluency , if you do both courses you should be able to hold a conversation .
 My boyfriend is Greek and got me the Rosetta Stone Greek Level 1 and 2 . I 've learned a lot from the program , although I admit I have him at hand to help me with any confusion that a lot of people here complain about.Some of the disadvantages include too many references about horses and animals and waiting until the end of level 1 to teach you `` first person '' so if you plan to go to Greece and show off , you must finish both levels first unless you want to walk around saying `` The horse will jump '' or `` The boy is on the table '' and as silly and useless as these little expressions may sound , they are important things to start with and eventually , at the end it all comes together.I once sat at a table and said `` Ti trophi enai afti ? '' asking what kind of food I was eating and my boyfriend looked at me with two heads saying `` Ummm ... I know what you mean but you 're speaking way too proper as if you were a scientist . You just asked me what kind of edible substance is this '' So yes , some of the language is outdated and more related to ancient Greek but if you plan to make use of this language to communicate to modern Greeks they 'll correct you as you go . People in various regions of a country speak the same language differently so software tools such as this must somehow find a common ground.To defend this product from the bad reviews , this is still a great way to learn Greek if you are `` patient '' enough to just stick through both levels . Once you 're finished , you 'll need a few extra months of practice/use before you can speak it as quickly as the natives do . My boyfriend chose this program because a friend of his married a Greek man and moved to Greece . She completed both levels and eventually became a lawyer ... a Greek speaking lawyer . Pretty impressive . . As for lack of culture differences between Rosetta Languages , that 's something we just have to deal with unless we want to pay much more $ $ $ $ $ for its development : -RRB- Again , if you stick with it you 'll become fluent . If you become frustrated and quit , you 'll feel like you wasted your time . Yes some lessons may be boring but that is just a matter of learning anything ...
 I 'm one of those third generation Greek-Americans who does not actually sit down to learn Greek until late in her forties . I had tried another language method which presented vocabulary in a random fashion and found it useless . Once I 'd gotten a grant to go to Greece by myself this past July , I thought I 'd try the Rosetta Stone method , which I 'd seen advertised in `` The New Yorker Magazine . `` I love this immersion method . Sitting down to work on my interactive Greek I language studies is like playing a computer game which yields a lasting memory of how to speak a language . It is fun ; it is aesthetically pleasing -LRB- the photographs are beautiful -RRB- ; is is easy to deduce what words mean . And listening to the language tapes in my car on the way to the supermarket helps reinforce the language skills . Writing Greek was the hardest part of the package for me , but when I got to Greece , I was sufficiently able to do so that I could write a letter to my second cousin . Granted , it probably was n't the most idiomatic Greek , but he got the gist of what I was saying and said that my note was `` very precious '' to him.My one quibble is with the way the Unit 4 conversation is introduced on the Greek Language Level 1 audiotape . The conversation -LRB- about a woman trying to buy some lightweight plates for an upcoming family picnic -RRB- involves some very long sentences . You have to break these down further than you do . Some of the sentences are so long that it 's a struggle just remembering them , much less reproducing them in a few seconds . I get very frustrated and angry -LRB- scaring my dog -RRB- when trying to repeat these sentences.Otherwise , I am a very satisfied and grateful consumer and looking forward to expanding into higher levels of Greek , so that some day , when my kids are out of college , I can return to Greece and speak like a native . Efhoreesto poulyee !
 Everthing looks good . Wo n't know for sure till I remove the leavel 1 . Was Little worried that it was billed to fla. but was shiped from Oh . Again everything looks good .
 This program helps one to improve speed and accuracy in typing . It really works.It teaches beginners and people with experience . It has fun games and lets you set your own goals . It also tracks your progress . VERY COOL !
 This is an excellent product to learn how to type using the computer 's standard keyboard , or the keys on the number pad . It is intuitive ; after each set of lessons it determines what your weak areas are and creates lessons to firm up accuracy and speed in the keys you need to practice on . In addition this deluxe edition provides important videos on ergonomics and exercises . At any point you can view your word per minute speed and your accuracy . If you already have learned to type but need to increase your words per minutes , a initial test is provided to learn your present ability and then starts the lessons to fit where you are and need to go . You can set a goal and periodically see your progress . It has games that are pretty muched geared to children , but can be turned off . The background music was annoying but could be turned off also . After using the stand alone software I ordered the network version and use Mavis Beacon for a computer keyboarding class . My adult students are doing well with it , each proceeding at their own rates and levels . Because the price is affordable , I encourage my typing students to purchase the software and place on their home computers to keep up their practice and progress in speed and accuracy .
 Let Mavis Beacon show you the way to hassel free typing instruction . I found this application to best as I have tried many already . Learn to type the care free way !
 I had to buy this to pass a transcribing class in college . Helped me relearn after typing by the `` hunt and peck '' method for 30 years . Tried other software , only this one did the trick .
 learning has gone very quickly easy to understand and follow entertaining so that it does not become boring
 This program still holds up as a standard for typing tutors . I always rely on it for my employees that need to improve their typing skills .
 It 's a good introduction . I ordered it because it 's instruction was in Spanish , but was disappointed when all of the courses use english vocabulary and verbal instruction . Other than that , it 's a good way to learn to type .
 Mavis Beacon has simplied the learning process of typing . She does a great job showing examples and explaining step by step the process of typing .
 I love Mavis Beacon and I love to play it and I think its one of the best computer programs in the world . I play it once a week at school and sometimes two or three times at school .
 I was surprised to hear that this software did n't work on others ' computers that were running XP SP2 , mine runs just fine . To be honest though it did take a while for the setup to kick in . After it started up the first time though it runs flawlessly.During the exersizes -LRB- sp -RRB- there is a little keyboard on the screen with see-through hands telling you which finger needs to go where . That really helped me out , being a visual learner.Graphics are very cheap looking , but you 're not in this for a beauty contest , it 's to improve your typing speed . This program really does just that .
 We got this to teach our 11 year old to type . Mavis Beacon 16 has been great for him , it 's gotten my typing-phobic husband to learn to type and I 've brushed up my skills considerably . We 've had it on two PCs and a laptop - all with XP S2 and it has always worked perfectly . I do not understand what more anyone could want ! Highly recommended .
 I found this product to be extremely helpful in my travels , all you have to do is export a map to your palm , then attach the GPS and away you go ! It shows you your location in real-time tracking .
 I was a little surprised that there were n't any written -LRB- hard-copy -RRB- directions included with the product , but it was n't too bad to figure out.I 've got a Palm III -LRB- 2MB Memory -RRB- and my main concern was how much space the maps would take up . My first test was on a visit to a friend 's place in a suburb of Minneapolis , and it worked VERY WELL -LRB- map size was about 300k -RRB- . The map and instructions downloaded easily onto my Palm , and the user interface on the Palm software -LRB- to zoom , move etc on the map -RRB- is designed pretty well.Bottom line
 My 8 yr old received this as a requested Christmas present . He is very happy with it , although he says `` it is kinda hard . '' He is , however , making improvements in his typing .
 PLEASE NOTE !!!! I wrote the review regarding my daughter mentioning that Patrick had `` private parts '' . After looking closely I realized what my daughter was seeing was the outline of a flower that normally shows up on Patrick 's pants when the pants are in color !!!!! So please ignore that part of my review and order away !!!!
 My children love this typing program . It is fun , and Mr. Bob is very encouraging . The kids are always jumping on the computer to practice their typing because it is a good mix of skill builders and games . I highly recommend this program . As a parent , I am always thrilled when my children practice a skill without my having to remind them .
 sponge bob is currently popular with the kids and this utilises that to help educate them , great
 My 8-year-old niece enjoys using this program . Already in the first hour , she 's gone from a 2wpm hunt & peck to a consistent 5wpm with her hands in the correct position . I do n't know what the previous reviewer was talking about in regards to just throwing the kid into the progam . There are easy lessons that slowly build up the child up . For instance , lesson 1 is right-hand only
 The two previous reviews here on Amazon were mixed , but I decided to give the program a shot as I figured that it would go well with the new SpongeBob movie that is on DVD.The most valuable component to this program is ... it is interesting to children and enhances their participation.Here are my results :1 -RRB- My seven year old daughter was able to comprehend and apply each lesson , typing game , practice and drills without any difficulties .2 -RRB- Teaching method was good ... with the assistance of a guided virtual keyboard on the screen to provide instruction .3 -RRB- A critical focus was the reinforcement of home row keys and keyboard awareness.The program is addictive and had to pry my daughter from the lessons . Not only her ... but her friends who are interested in learning keyboarding.I highly recommend this program . If it does n't hold the attention of adults ... it does for kids . Best of all ... visible and measureable tangible results .
 My 11 year old loves it . He is already in the mid 30s wpm wise . Yes , he has questions once in awhile . Nothing that took more than 30 seconds to answer . He found lots of games to do , but ended up steering himself towards the drill so he could do better in the games . The disk got lost-he was bringing this to friends ' houses and when he would go to the office with Dad for something to do . So we are buying a second one . This in my opinion is the highest praise -- we liked it well enough that we are willing to shell out the bucks all over again .
 I am 11 and I love this game . I was recently at the Apple I-pod store that sells this game and I have learned to type using the asdf keys and the ; lkj keys . This game has alot of different things to do . You can play games -LRB- Doh a dee or something like that is a good one -RRB- , Go to the tournaments and practice.This game is really addictive and makes you want to keep playing .
 I am 12 years old ... yes 12 and at the apple store I clicked it just for fun . My mom had trouble pulling me out ! I have some trouble typing with the right fingers and this was really starting to help me . After you accoplish something you do a little game like thing and go back to learn more . If you ca n't find the letters on the screen spongebob is typing the letters with you with the right fingers . I had fun !
 This program taught my 8 year old keyboarding skills in one weekend . And , she asks to use it to practice . I am so impressed at how she is now typing her own emails to her grandmother and feels proud of how she knows how to not look at the keys and type properly . Worth every cent !
 My eight year old daughter loves this game . This game teachs kids enough basic skills of typing but parents still need to be involved to make sure the kids use the right fingers .
 My son is 8 . Once he got going on it , he was hooked doing it all afternoon . He liked the % grade he received while learning . Of course , Sponge Bob and team make it goofy enough to be really fun . The only hassle we had was getting the CD to run . I had to uninstall , then re-install ... but then it worked great on XP . His teachers in school wanted him to work on keyboarding skills over the summer . This one does it ! AND it works on XP , where Mavis Beacon did not , at least up until recently .
 I bought this game for a girl aged 4 yrs 10 mo , it is WAY over her head . Due to inexperienced parenting , I did n't realize that older kids liked spongebob too . It is a great game , but definitely not good for under 7 yrs old . I did n't fully explore the game because she lost interest quickly due to its difficulty -LRB- for an almost 5 yr old -RRB- but I wish they would have had a little more `` basic fingering '' there 's nothing stoping the child from doing hunt and peck ... perhaps an in-game incentive for using the proper fingers ... just a thought . Otherwise it is a well written game that I expect she will use in 2 years or so .
 You truly can not beat this deal ! I purchased Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 and Scrapper 's Guide separately for quite a bit more . Scrapper 's Guide really got me into the swing of things with Adobe Elements in a very short period of time . The video tutorials were very easy to follow and gave me the ability to do `` hands on '' side-by-side as the tutorial played . It is a great way to learn the ins and outs of Elements that would normally take a lot longer to figure out on your own ! Adobe Elements is a great tool for the digital photographer and scrapbooker . I love the fact that I can produce a digital CD slideshow or scrapbook that will play in most DVD players . This is awesome when sending photos or digital scrapbooks to friends and relatives . Makes a unique and inexpensive gift ! I am now a true `` convert '' to digital scrapbooking , as well as dabbling with creating my own graphics . I can not recommend these products highly enough !
 I bought the older version with the scrapbook CD added in for a much more reasonable price than the newer PS 9 or brand new photoshop that costs huge dollars . If you ask me I do n't know why the average user would like more than this 4.0 gives , it seems to have everything you need and I still had to buy a step by step tutorial book to figure it out . It is not childs play . It is a complicated powerful program , but I love what it can do and am bound and determined to learn . I would start at this one and work my way up as I became proficient at photoshop . I 'd like to try Adobe Premier 2.0 but this photoshop program 4.0 will definitely keep me busy for a long while . I highly recommend it for the learner .
 I upgraded from PSE2 and am very happy . The Scrappers Guide CD is absolutely wonderful . It is so easy to follow . I know I will be whipping through PS in no time .
 I purchased Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 for its easy interface and compatibility with Adobe Premiere Elements 2.0 , the video editing software . Photoshop 4.0 has a great cataloguing system that allows for easy tracking and sorting of videos and photos . This feature is particularly flexible because it allows you to create your own ways of identifying and grouping photos and videos which are easily cross-referenced and retrievable . The Scrapper 's Guide was an unexpected bonus because it 's got a video tutorial which goes much further than a manual can alone in teaching techniques . The Scrapper 's Guide teaches the basics that you need to know for any Photoshop project -- not just scrapbooking . It 's more fun to watch a demonstration than it is just to read about it in my opinion . Minor drawback
 Pricey but worth it . The software is very easy to use . I have made VCD 's for family members who LOVE to watch it over and over . Its easy to add the pictures and the music .
 If you are intrigued by the concept of digital scrapbooking , but bumfoozled about how to get started , there is an old cliche which applies here . LOOK NO FURTHER ! You 've found the answer to your bumfoozlement ! :-RRB- I have both of Linda 's CD 's on digital scrapbooking , and would not have learned nearly so much about Photoshop Elements and digital scrapbooking , in as short a period of time , as I did following along with her on the CD 's . A good thing , is the fact that you can print out the instructions for all the projects if you just need a little refresher on how to do a particular technique . But it 's also easy to go back and find what you need on the CD and watch her do it all over again . Another good thing , is that you can join her Premier Scrapbooker 's monthly club for even MORE awesome techniques and projects . Believe me when I say , Linda , and Photoshop Elements , -LRB- I have Elements 3 -RRB- have got you covered when it comes to digital scrapbooking and photo fixing and enhancement . This combo deal is an excellent buy saving you lots of money in lieu of buying each one seperately .
 What a deal !! This truly is the best way to learn PSE4 and digi-scrapbooking . I purchased the original Photoshop Elements years & years ago , opened the program and just stared at the screen . I tried learning it myself after I bought a book but I never did anything with it . I have been a scrapbooker for 10 years and film photographer for 25 years . I 've been digital for about 5 years now and I wanted to start digi-scrapping and purchased Photoshop Elements 4 -LRB- PSE4 -RRB- with the conviction that I was GOING to learn it this time.I found Linda 's Scrapper 's Guide CDs -LRB- I have both -RRB- and have been extremely pleased with the ease of learning PSE4 and creative ideas they contain . I 'm a visual learner and the CDs are videos that SHOW you how to create scrapbook elements -LRB- tags , stickers , etc. -RRB- , tips and tricks to compile a page -LRB- or layers -RRB- and make it look like paper scrapping . It 's as if you are looking over her shoulder while she teaches YOU how to use PSE4 . I marvel all the time with my husband how amazing PSE4 is and how amazing the Scrapper 's Guide CDs are . I 'm fairly techno-savvy but learning Photoshop Elements 4 has a big learning curve and I could n't have done it without Linda 's CDs , and in a short amount of time . Seriously ! I have created 2 digi-albums from scratch -LRB- ! -RRB- , printed them out and gave them as gifts as well as creating 12x12 pages for MY scrapbook.Several months ago , I purchased about 5 books -LRB- from Amazon.com -RRB- hoping to master PSE4 , 2 on digi-scrapping and 3 on PSE4 but they are like technical references . Scrapper 's Guide is what scrapbookers really want and need . Linda is a photographer and scrapper herself so she understands what scrappers want to do with PSE4 . I am so excited with her CDs that I signed up for her monthly Premiere newsletter subscription . It 's so exciting to receive training materials and goodies once a month that feeds my scrapbooking addiction and not my supply cabinet !! My husband loves that too!I have even emailed her with questions and she answers timely and even used my question in one of her Premiere newsletters ! I just ca n't say enough about how powerful PSE4 is and how wonderful the CDs are and digi-scrapping . I 'm hooked !
 I own both Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 and Scrapper 's Guide 1 & 2 . Using Linda Sattgast 's training CD 's , you 'll have all the tools you need to create fabulous layouts using Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 . This package is well worth the money . You wo n't be sorry !
 How wonderful it is to see Linda Sattgast 's Scrappers Guide CD included with Photoshop Elements . I have been teaching Elements for 5 years and discovered Linda 's CD 's last year . My students just love her simple and concise style of teaching . Even if you are not interested in digital scrapbooking , you will learn fantastic techniques from the CD . You will want to buy her volume 2 cd after you see the first one , it has even more on the use of Photoshop Elements ! You will not be disappointed.Jacki Sutherland
 Having been given Photoshop Elements 4 as a birthday present , although I am an IT instructor I was struggling to understand the possibilities of the package . Then I came across Linda 's training CD 's . I was not particularly interested in scrapbooking however that has changed since I discovered the amazing things which can be achieved . I was able to produce results as I watched the training CD for the first time , which for anyone impatient to get on with things is a real result . One of the best options is the ability to stop and start the CD 's as I am work on achieving the results I want . If this package had been available earlier for I would have bought this for anyone interested in using Elements -LRB- a very beginner friendly package -RRB- for which Linda 's training is the perfect partner . If you have anyone who is interested in learning how to manipulate their photographs buy this package for them knowing that within no time at all they will be producing high qualtiy images . Her second CD Volume 2 is equally illuminating I would recommend them all .
 I bought Elements 4 and Scrappers Guide separately for way more money , and still feel I got a bargain . Elements is an amazing and powerful photo editing program , but navigating through everything it has to offer can be a very frustrating experience . Linda 's video and accompanying downloadable tutorial are clear and straightforward . Decide what you want to do -LRB- or might want to do -RRB- , check the logically arranged list of Contents , and Linda guides you straight through the process . I have six or more books on Elements 4 and have taken another very expensive course . I can honestly say that Linda 's is the very best `` course '' . Do n't be put off by the word `` Scrappers '' . Linda explains the whole gamut of this terrific program from photo editing and enhancement to album making and other creative aspects - and even scrapbooking for those who want it ! I guarantee if you buy this you will be wanting Linda 's second video too !
 I own both these items . Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 is the software package for the serious amatuer photographer . That said there can be a steep learning curve . Linda 's CD is an excellent resource because the user can follow along with the images provided in the CD . Also do n't be put off by the title if you are not -LRB- already -RRB- into scrapbooking . The techniques you will learn apply not only to basic photo improvement but also to making composite photos using layers , masks and other effects . Linda 's 2nd CD , Vol . 2 Fabulous Photos and pages covers blending modes and photo collages among many other topics . I highly recommend them both .
 I purchased these two products separately , but the combination of the two ca n't be beat !! I am amazed at the things you can do to photos with Adobe Photoshop Elements . I had been using it just to edite pictures and it 's super for that , of course . But combine it with The Scrapper 's Guide and you 've opened up a whole new level of creativity . Linda 's software takes you step by step through some pretty amazing projects and really let 's you see and understand the enormous capabilities you have available through Elements 4 . Just a warning - digital scrapbooking CAN become addictive !!
 With Scrappers Guide 's training videos by Linda Sattgast , bundled with the newest Adobe Elements4 -- you have all the keys , tools and ideas to make today 's moments become tomorrow 's best and prettiest memories.There just could n't be a better combination for Digital Scrapbookers everywhere than this is .
 Three months ago I was curious about photo-editing and digital scrapbooking . I purchased Scrapper 's Guide Basics CD 's and Photoshop Elements 4.0 separately and never looked back ! I 've been able to create heirloom quality pages with my vintage photos , and whimsical pages using my recent digital photos . I highly recommend both products .
 I have each of the Adobe Photoshop Elements-2 .0 , 3.0 , and 4.0 . Along with each of those I have also purchased the Scrapper 's Guides by Linda Sattgast Vols . 1 & 2 . I also subscribe to her monthly Scrapper 's Guide . I love Elements 4.0 and having the video 's by Linda along with her written directions are absolutely great . I have learned and am still learning so much from her . This is a deal you should grab .
 I figured somebody should give this camera a decent review to balance out the extremely unrealistic negative reviews.This is a TWENTY DOLLAR CAMERA PEOPLE !!!! Did you REALLY expect to get professional quality photos from it for TWENTY BUCKS ???? I think this camera works perfect for what it costs . It takes very good photos for the incredibly low price . I bought this for my nephew to have fun with and mess around taking fun pics with friends and the photos look good . Granted you would n't print any or use this camera for important or special events you want to capture , you 'd have to spend a lot more money for that type of camera . I have a very nice 600.00 camera for exactly that!I wish people would stop reviewing products with thier extremely unrealistic expectations . If you seriously cared about getting great photos with a digital camera , you 'd spend the money and buy a higher end camera.Not spend a measly 20 bucks and expect superior quality . I suggest learning even a tiny bit about digital cameras before buying one and definitely before reviewing one and THEN you would probably realize you got a great camera for the money it cost .
 I have to say the camera works great , if you know how to use it . In answer to those who say that the pics were not of high enough resolution , use a higher resolution . This camera is so small you can carry it in your pocket , without having a bulging huge looking pocket . It has a good battery life and overall may not be as good as the other cameras , but for it 's price , and size , it is reasonable .
 These Other Reviewers are Rediculous ! , December 25 , 2003Reviewer
 Why choose this small camera ? Consider is its size and battery life . About 1/4 '' thick , like a Visa card . Shoot 500-1000 pictures before requiring a recharge.Images are saved on 8Mb internal memory , 26 and 101 images at once , depending on resolution . It also has technology called AutoBrite , which fixes lighting conditions that can ruin a picture , like backlighting and glare .
 As a proud owner of a Garmin Legend , I searched for the perfect complementary mapping software . I wanted/needed a product to help plan personal backpacking trips as well as assist me with work and school research projects which have me wandering about the Alaskan backcountry . I spent weeks reviewing many products and eventually narrowed them all down to two
 The contents of these softwares are very good.I like these programs .
 Borland has done it this time . This is the only mature Linux development platform I have seen . The level of functionality is amazing for a first version , and the database connectivity is well thought out and very quick . This product may be able to revolutionize the Linux world -- allowing developers to quickly produce mature Linux based programs . I am working on a corporate project now , and with this development tool available I am seriously considering the deployment of Linux based client machines into the back-office -- thereby significantly reducing overall hardware , software , and maintenance costs.I converted some old Delphi programs with relatively little trouble ; although they were simple and I am sure more complicated programs would take some work . The lack of integrated connectivity to EJB is disappointing , but I read on the Borland web site that it will be coming later this year . In the mean time there are some work arounds to get connected to my EJB services . It is well worth the pain since I can get fast client applications from Kylix , which I ca n't get from Java .
 Kylix truely brings RAD to the Linux world . Delphi developers will be right at home , as the IDE and components libraries are very similiar .
 I read all of the reviews about this program and I had concerns that it would not work with my operating system -LRB- XP SP2 -RRB- ; however I took a chance and I have NO problems with this software and my operating system as previous reviews have noted . The installation was quick and without complications.I learned typing in high school and for the last 15 years of my professional career I have typed using the wrong fingers and looking at my hands and I finally decided to be more effecient in my career I needed to REALLY learn to type . My 1st test with this software and not looking at my fingers , etc. . I typed 10 WPM -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- . After using the software for about 2 hours I now type 45 WPM with 95 % accuracy . I am quite impressed with this software and I would recommend to others .
 I have owned Mavis Beacon before and one important factor about the program is the fact that it provides drills and has you work on theplacement of your hands and which finger to use on which key.I used KP typing tutor freeware , which is great if you do n't want to spend any cash , but really did not help as much with placement of your hands to the keyboard . Mavis Beacon also comes with games that are fun to play to build speed . But some of these games ' graphics make me squint to read , so therefore I have to slow down.I think you will be happy with Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing 16 and because it is not the newest version buy it at a lower cost and save yourself some money !!! Happy Typing !
 I really am amazed with knowing all the needs and wants with what should be necessary in schools . Unfortunately , the way that schools teach certain programs , lose a little bit of momentum with the simple things you need to do for a computer , that will help you whether it is in the office , or anywhere else you need to . That has to deal with typing , and most of us are n't up to par with not just the speed , but how to operate a keyboard on a computer . Fortunately , for so many Mavis Beacon has really set the stepping stones for just about anybody for the ways of typing , and turn it into a talent.Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Volume 16 is the latest in the updated successful how to type software . The program is very easy to operate , and teaches people of all ages how to easily type properly on the keyboard , and the 10-key keyboards , with ease . The software tests your word speed , and includes some great typing games like penguin crossing , and road race . The lessons range very well for all ages whether you 're a beginner or a advanced keyboardist that wants to increase his or her typing speed . Yet , there are a few downsides with the software for those who have Windows XP . It is a lot harder to install the software , and some might have a hard time using the CD-ROM in their computer . For those who do , check with the company , and with Broderbound for help . Another downside is that for some , the games do lose a bit of momentum if you 've purchased any previous version of Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing , because most of the games were featured before.All in all , Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing Volume 16 is a great tool for anybody who wants to learn how to type well . Yet , for some they may feel frustrated with the software , but it works very well . There are just so many different kinds of software that tells you how to type a certain way , but Mavis Beacon types into you the right way.Graphics
 I was already a very speedy typist when I bought Mavis Beacon for my husband , and for fun I tried the programme too
 My three-year-old is now typing . He does n't even know his letters . My four-year-old is typing at 5 words/minute after only a couple of hours . She only knows some of her letters.I ca n't overestimate my pleasure . I have raised my speed from 24 wpm to 55 wpm in just 3 days -LRB- using normal paragraphical content -RRB- and I have increased my symbols speed from 3 wpm to 25 wpm.You do n't even know how much you need to use this . It is great for any child of any age , and Adults as well.Your precious time is wasting . You will be surprised at how FAST you will improve . Have fun and good luck !
 For too long , I had been a rapid-fire `` hunt - & - peck '' - er , having never learned to properly type . Once I made up my mind to get serious about typing without looking at the keyboard , MBTT 16 kept popping up as the recommended software of choice.I have had it for 3 weeks and am completely happy with my progress so far . The software is remarkably user-friendly - but it definitely requires committed practice !
 This program is my favorite of all the typing programs I have tried . It teaches you at your own pace . From the time I got it I had learned to type correctly within two weeks . It really helps you wether you are learning how to type or just need to brush up on your typing it helps you a lot .
 It is a good program to learn how to type . It does n't do it for you , NO program does that . However , if you are willing to learn , it will for sure help you get there .
 This typing program is the best I have ever used . I have been trying many typing games to learn how to type and this is the only one that has worked . I am now 11 and can type with ease . I recommend this for all ages .
 I love this program . My daughter is making very good progress and loves to use it too . I would recommend this to anyone that wants to learn how to type and not be bored .
 I am a stay at home mother with no time it allows me to stop and restart anytime I am able .
 The Mavis system has been a big help for me . I started off with horrendous typing skills but over the last year of so they have greatly improved . Thank you so much .
 This is a great product for every beginner typer . My speed went from an 20 WAM to 38 WAM . This is a must to have .
 Great tutorial for typing . Interactive program to help learn placement of fingers .
 My daughter was very glad in using this software . We used to use the Mavis Beacon for Windows 98 and now that we do have Windows XP we need to upgrade our stuff . Thank you for this upgrade .
 I learned to type using this software also typing in spanishbuenisimo ... very good .
 This is a great program ! If only it had real landscape capabilities it would be awe inspireing ! A few notes this program takes a top of the line graphics card to render the best ! For example , just bought a new custom built comp . and now the program renders wonderfull , but even I have to wait at least 20 minutes with no other programs running for the fullest rendering quality.It has n't crashed yet , unlike my Punch Pro program 's library , so I am thrilled for now !
 I bought the earliest version of this product , but after Version 4 -LRB- the first Better Homes and Garden version -RRB- quality went out the window . Somewhere along the way I learned that the early versions -LRB- not the later ones -RRB- had been designed by the company that makes Chief Architect . I just talked to them and learned that their DIY level series called Home Designer is compatible with all the plans produced by the early version of 3DHA , and the price for their most basic version is very reasonable . . I give five stars to the possibility of a better upgrade , NOT to the post-1999 version of 3DHA .
 Ordered this for my fiance 's birthday . It arrived just on time , and he loves it !
 Pretty good for designing ... . a Buy that was worth the cost .
 This product did just as it said it would be . And now days that hard to fine .
 This software did what I hoped it would and I picked it up pretty fast . The visuals gave me a good picture . I was impressed .
 OK , there seems to be a ratings war between this FANTASTIC product and Better Homes & Gardens Designer.This one wins hands down , all due to CUSTOMIZATION.I can get the colors/wallpapers/carpets / flooring -- and furniture -- I want instead of relying on the -LRB- not bad -RRB- selections in this program , or the -LRB- just miserable -RRB- selections in BH&G. ; Three main custom features worth noting :1 . Unlike BH&G ; this product lets you import JPEGs as textures so you can import -LRB- for instance -RRB- wallpaper copied from a wallpaper site like DecoratorToday . Or take a digital picture of the brick on your house , and use it instead of the preset bricks , which are probably the wrong color . -LRB- Admittedly , adding new textures/materials is n't the easiest -- check the help topics under CUSTOMIZATION for details . -RRB- Texture imports are a really , really , really basic feature -- even Total3D Home and that stupid Punch program have the capability . What was BH&G ; thinking ??!!?? 2 . IMPORT capabilities ! I was very disappointed with the five beds in BH&G. ; The ten or so in this product is a better selection , but it still does n't rock my world . But then in the help file -LRB- under CUSTOMIZATION again -RRB- I found a section on `` importing elements . '' You can actually add 3D furniture models other people have created !! The help file said the models were common on the net so I Googled `` furniture 3DS '' -LRB- 3DS being the file format -RRB- and after a few false starts I found a few gold mines . Herman Miller , for instance , has 3DS files of their furniture . So does B&B ; Italia . Most of the 3DS files are newer , modern furniture , although I did find a few antique-looking pieces including a roll top desk and early Frank Lloyd Wright craftsman-type furniture .3 . The software lets you stick in images as `` photo boards '' , so even if you ca n't find your furniture as 3DS you can at least place a non-3D image of it in the room . Maybe not the most noteworthy feature , but personally I 'd rather see a photo of something I like than a 3D rendering of something straight out of DULLSVILLE , which is where all the BH&G ; homes are located .
 This seems fine for basic stuff . If you want PROFESSIONAL get a AutoDesk product like AutoCAD . I 'll prob make my basic outline with this and then export to AutoCad to put in every wire -LRB- electric , network , phone , cable , -RRB- bolt , and screw -LRB- going steel frame -RRB- . No I 'm not a kid , I just do n't feel like registering right now .
 I bought this as a gift for my daughters -LRB- ages 11 & 12 -RRB- who are interested in houses and floor plans . I wanted software that was not too hard to understand , but could give them the basics of CAD design . The software was a perfect choice . We are very pleased and would recommend the software to all ages . I have played around with a few times and it is very powerful for a $ 30 piece of software .
 This is NOT a professional CAD program but it does a great job of allowing people to try multiple designs and variations . I 'm planning a MAJOR remodel/addition and this was an outstanding tool , especially since I 'm on the west coast and the house is on the east coast . Between the supplied elements and being able to modify properties -LRB- sign of an advanced program -RRB- , I was able to , for example , create a swim spa in a large sunroom -LRB- hint
 This is a VERY cool program . It allowed me to trace over a scanned design , create project from basic house layout , or free style . Once I got the hang of how things worked I was building homes in no time . I especially nice feature is the ability to paint the texture of walls , floors , cabinets , furniture , etc from within the 3D view.Putting up walls can be a bit quirky , but in time you figure it out.I would recommend this to anyone who needs to get a real view of what their home will look like.Having experience playing The Sims does n't hurt either ; - -RRB-
 I could re-build our house and try out different furniture , etc. . Only problem is that changing the floor crashes the program and I have to restart . Bummer . Otherwise it is great .
 It 's not often when I praise a software program . However , this one gets some unwarranted bad rap , so here 's by 5 cents : I do n't know why others complain about this software . It is a superb software that is very easy to use -LRB- has a guided tutorial AND wizards -RRB- and still powerfull enough for any home owner looking to remodel or rebuild his/her house.I also used ver 3 , which was not bad , but this newer ver 6 is a quantum leap in features and easy of use.The people complaing probably never looked at the tutorial to see how easy and powerfull the program really is . It allows full customization of all building elements.Highly Recommended !!!
 I 've tried using those $ 9 dollar products you get in the value sections of shops and they all stink . This product is just a little more and it works great and has wonderful features . The 3D element is perfect and the program is easy to use . The only down side that I saw is that there is a slight -LRB- but not much -RRB- limited selection of certain accessories , but you can usualy find something that will work . Otherwise , great .
 I believe that Broderbund continues to provide an excellent product for those who wish to participate in the home design/remodeling process . This is the third iteration of the software I have used , and each time , new usable features have been added while the basic utility remains intact.As with all product upgrades , there is a learning curve involved , but you are well rewarded for your patience .
 Broderbund 3D Home Architect 6 is far better than 3D HA 8 but not nearly so good as 3D HA 4 . I do n't understand why they leave some of the best features out with every upgrade , such as automatic room sizing and total living area sq footage . These are things I really need to know but not any more . Only because of a computer failure did I change from version 4 . I 've tried eight and although it has improvements in terrain and decking , it loses alot too .
 I am not a professional , nor do I profess to be one . I design as a hobby , and this is a great program ! It was easy to learn to use and it has good graphics . I did use it to see what our house will look like with an addition , and it helped us to decide to go ahead with the building . It also helped us to estimate the cost of the project . I recommend it to anyone who just likes to dabble in designing .
 The Tin Whistle Tutorial is a great introduction to the tin whistle -LRB- or pennywhistle -RRB- and is also useful for intermediate players who are trying to improve their grasp of ornamentation . The first section provides some musical background . Next is a section for beginners that gets you started learning tunes right away , with videos of renowned pennywhistler Brian Finnegan of Flook playing each tune , including a number of airs , jigs and reels . The section for intermediate players discusses the various types of ornamentation used in pennywhistling and provides more jigs and reels as well as a few polkas , slides and hornpipes . Each of these tunes is also shown in a video , so you can see exactly what his fingers are doing for each type of ornamentation . The videos are especially helpful if you do n't have access to someone who can teach you in person . By the time you 've learned all the tunes in this tutorial you should be more than ready to tackle other tunes you hear on CDs or find online .
 This product has truly helped my son increase his scores on his school test and Pre-SAT scores . This product is absolutly a great . I am very pleased with what it can do to help my son in his grade .
 The interphase is very clear and easy to use . The contenets are suitable for middle school and high school students . The narration is concise and clear . The exercises are great to inhance students understanding or mathamatical skills .
 I 've been using this software for a few weeks now , and I 've been very impressed . It 's got a very intuitive interface for accessing the various operations such as burning data , music , or video discs . Burning and copying DVDs is a snap ! You can leave most of the options at their default settings and everything works great . The software detects the type of media you are trying to burn , and sets your burner accordingly . You can also burn a disc image which can be mounted to a virtual DVD drive to test your DVD before burning it to disk.Burning mixed CDs is n't quite as elegant . There is a wizard that guides you through the process , but it 's cumbersome if you want to make a mix from several different CDs . You can choose not to use the wizard , but I found the various window panes too cluttered to drag the tracks from the source disc to the destination . On the bright side , copying complete CDs is simple enough.Even with the minor complaint of the CD burning interface , I highly recommend this software package .
 This product seems to do a good job of virus protection but the user interface is confusing . For example I have n't found an easy/quick way to disenable it when I 'm installing new S/W . And , because I have n't bought all their other security products , I get constant popups telling me my computer is at risk .
 This product is working just fine and was priced below the competition on eBay and elsewhere . I do know that there were a couple `` sales-with-rebates '' that would have come out a couple dollars cheaper , but I honestly did not want to hassle with the rebate process . This purchase worked out well for me .
 This was a brand new product but we had a problem registering it . I have used McAfree before and had very good luck with it .
 This is so easy to use ! I saved over 2500.00 in just two projects . It paid for itself fast and now I have more time to really focus on my projects . My wife is able to do all the paperwork etc. without having to ask a million questions . No more frantic `` 10th '' of the month . My home buyers have a great feeling of professionalism about my work ... Thank You Allan Wolkenhauer
 I recently bought this program for myself and a friend 's birthday even after reading the not so good reviews of this product . I had n't bought a scrapbook program and was holding out for a good one ... And this one exceeded my expectations!This program is wonderful for both people that want to scrapbook and do n't have the time , all of the work is done for you and the ideas are infinite ! It 's also good for people who want some ideas but want to infuse their own creativity into their scrapbooks . You can change the sizes and colors of almost every embellishment in this program as well as customize every page to your liking ! Changing sizes and colors of everything in this program as well as editing photos makes this an extremely versatile product!One recommendation is once you get this product , spend some time playing around with all of the different features , getting to know what kind of embellishments are available and customize photos , embellishments and backgrounds ... You 'll see the possibilities are endless!Besides the scrapbook section of this software , there are cards , newsletters , tags , etc etc. ... You can do absolutely ANYTHING with this product-It 's AWESOME :-RRB- All you need is some creativity and this software will provide a starting off point for any project ! And if you do n't have a lot of creativity , this is still the best because you can choose from 1000 's of ready made projects !
 After reading the previous reviews I almost did n't buy the product , but I decided to get it anyway since there really are n't any decent competitors to it . I am so glad I have it ! I was using Microsoft Publisher before to make scrapbook pages , but the templates in Scrapbook Designer Deluxe are specifically designed for scrapbooks , so they 're much nicer . I just use their templates as a step-off point , and alter them with different fonts , picture sizes and clip-art as necessary . The results look great , and it 's really quick to make a new page . I highly recommend this product , and am thrilled to finally be caught up on my scrapbooking !
 I use Art Explosion Scrapbook Factory Deluxe 2.0 -LRB- which I love -RRB- as well HP Creating Keepsakes software -LRB- not very intuitive -- beautiful , but requires more creativity & designing on the user 's part -RRB- . This Broderbund software is a good complement to what I already own . It is very easy to use , especially the pre-designed templates . Very easy to change the pre-written text , or insert your own photo . A drawback is that the photos need to be manually rotated when inserted into a tilted frame . -LRB- Use the rotation arrow at the bottom right-hand corner & know your 360 degrees ! -RRB- The only other drawback that I can see is that I must insert a `` Program CD '' to access the templates & images -LRB- maybe that 's just my computer . -RRB- The advantage with this software over the Scrapbook Factory Deluxe is that the images are more current and less tacky . The disadvantage is the organization of the images . I am still figuring out where to find the embellishments and clipart I 'm looking for . Maybe it 's just a matter of time before I am fully used to navigating this software . See reviews of software on http://scrapbooking-software-review.toptenreviews.com/creating-keepsakes-review.html
 CK Scrapbook Designer has nearly everything you need to create your scrapbook pages . -LRB- There are also some great new add-on CD 's containing digital art images from another company , FanCraftic , everything from buttons to tags and more . -RRB- The photo editing tools and special effects are a real plus . But I especially like the shadow effects , it makes my digital layouts have dimension . I have tried other products and no one has a shadow feature that 's this easy to use or as effective . In fact , people seem to think I used expensive software well known in the design world to make my pages , but I use CK Scrapbook , instead!I can also email my pages to family and friends ! And it makes it easy to make extra copies for them as well ... a time and money saver!Plus , I can still scrapbook traditionally by printing out my own unique background papers or my journaling -LRB- on vellum , even ! -RRB- This package also includes greeting cards , calendars and more , plus special CK Fonts . It 's a great all around value , and very easy to use . Now you have no excuse -- get those keepsakes created !
 Some of the reviews I 've read said that this is just like Printmaster software . I 've been using an old Printmaster Gold for years , and it 's still my favorite graphics software . But Creative Scrapbooking is so much more , and so fun just to check out the ready-made pages for inspiration , if nothing else.I love it , and consider it money well-spent .
 I ca n't believe this program . I bought it last year and I have over 300 scrapbook pages completed . I have four children 7,5,2 , and 4 months old . I can honestly say that I will never scrapbook the traditional way ever ever again . It is so fast and easy . I will be all up to date with my scrapbooking by Christmas 2005 . I am overjoyed . I do n't believe I know anyone who scrapbooks traditionaly , that is up to date . I have promoted this product to atleast 50 women . Thank you so much for making my life easier and a whole lot of fun . Chariti Smith
 I HAVE HAD THIS SOFTWARE FOR THE PAST 7 YEARS AND I AM HEARTBROKEN THAT IT IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH WINDOWS VISTA AND WE JUST BOUGHT ALL NEW COMPUTERS . I HAVE MADE HOLIDAY COLLAGES , INVITATIONS , PHOTO CHRISTMAS CARDS , BIRTHDAY CARDS , FAVORS , MY SON 'S VARSITY BASEBALL YEARBOOK , MY DAUGHTER 'S SCHOOL YEARBOOK , I CROPPED AND PRINTED 1,000 'S OF 8X10 'S FOR MY SON 'S COLLEGE BASEBALL TEAM , AND ENJOYED IT MORE THAN I COULD EVER TELL YOU . NOW I AM TRYING TO FIND SOMETHING TO TAKE ITS PLACE AND SO FAR , NOTHING . IF YOU ARE NOT PLEASED WITH IT , YOU ARE DOING SOMETHING WRONG !!!!
 Terrific collection . Color and Black and White ; one reviewer dissed the B & W but many like it from those who like classic art such as Rembrandt and Picasso sketches to me with fantasy and sci-fi . Nice story lines about artists too.Buy it with children ; and you 'll find the pictures all over your walls ... Very nice in presentations -- warm , cool , hot , forward thinking , lots of choices . Especially in Power Point .
 All original art . This sci-fi & fantasy series is great from Simply Magazine , with their simplymedia brand .
 Perfect for sensible investors not trying to compete with Peter Lynch or Warren Buffett . Your Career is your biggest investment , something most people over look . Basic rules . Bill Belichick kind of planning and good sense , with a bit of the Warren Buffett humor . Love the colorful book with quotes as well as the Videos.Mary
 i injoy going throo ol the fonts . i yous them fore mi riting and the more wild wuns fore the covers of my books .
 All types of legal forms , not split into several different CDs . Save in Word for easy modifying , putting frequently used forms on your hard drive.Legal Survival Kit is distilled , clear , crisp , and funny -LRB- who can be funny about this subject -- this author can -RRB- . Audio clips really good . Basic Warren Buffett type of safe do n't blow it advice . Learned a lot.Liked the Audiobook on CD too .
 Great color images at a fabulous price . Also look at their Sci-Fi and fantasy series ; the best out there . Do n't be put off by the low price.I like Printshop too . Much higher priced but quite a value in the older versions -LRB- just as good , in my mind , as the newer ones -RRB- . Oh , and Simply Media type fonts are good too.Amazon has all of these titles at great bargains , especially the older Printshop products .
 Original work by a real serial entrepreneur . Provides `` good '' and `` bad '' videos of the same sales situation ; invaluable as a self-teaching tool.I gave a bunch a way to people in my company ; who would n't want to see a SELLING CD on someone 's expense account?Text crisp and to the point .
 This CD is a great starter point for anyone interested in religion as a subject . It is useful for study but not as in depth as I would like . However , it has a great deal of valuable reference material and , for me , will serve as a reference . And since I got it for a crazy low price , it is a huge value for the money !
 1000 books available for reading and research . Easy to store ; gives author dates ; classic works ; all the books you do n't have but need to reference in school or literate research . Auto load ; also own their Encyclopedia . Just as good .
 The real deal by the founder of the Umbroller stroller company -LRB- now owned by Newell -RRB- and American Power Conversion -LRB- APCC -RRB- . Based on Macmillan/Ballantine book ; 1 hour of how to video . Practical helpful advice ; I learned a ton about practical stuff as well as do you want to do this at all . Very good on selling ; early growth ; need for profits and cashflow . A lot of dot commers would n't have gone up in smoke if they read this first .
 Lots of fun ; good way to sharpen up your math skills -LRB- author a PHD in Music at Harvard and a Math whiz too -RRB- . Great for traveling on the plane ; beats Solitaire all to heck.Mary
 If you are serious about learning Spanish this software is n't enough . You will need to purchase a Spanish-English dictionary - I like Barron 's Spanish Dictionary because it came with a free down loadable software version - and a Spanish audio series such as Pimsleur or Learning Spanish Like Crazy -LRB- LSLC -RRB- . A verb conjugation book is a good idea too , I like The big Red Book of 555 Spanish Verbs . Finally , just like back in the day , you should either buy flashcards or create your own to build up your vocabulary when you ca n't stand to look at the computer monitor even one second longer.Now here 's the part of the puzzle that Rosetta Stone will help you with
 I 've used this product for Spanish through Level III , Russian and now French . I also study Spanish with a private tutor , and I ca n't say I speak perfectly - I still had a lot to learn and still do - but she says that I speak `` differently '' than her other students . She thought maybe I 'd grown up around the language , but had never been formally taught . And I 'd been learning Spanish for less than a year.If you use this product , I urge you to use it consistently , but do n't force it . If a meaning or a phrase is n't clear , do n't worry about . Study as passively as possible , as that is how you learned your first language . I would say do n't even try to speak it for a few months . Just keep listening to the sounds . Let them settle in your brain.So some critics say that there 's no explanatin of grammar . Well , that 's good . You do n't want to distract yourself with that . By the age of four , most children understand a lot more than what they can say , without studying grammar . They make mistakes , they mispronounce words , but they still have the language template . That 's what you want to start with . It only comes from daily , passive immersion . Study the grammar later .
 No language can be learned without some effort and consistency on the part of the learner , but some methods/tools work better than others . The advantages of the Rosetta Stone method are
 We ordered this program only two weeks before moving to Bogota , Columbia for a two year tour . However , the Spanish Rosetta Stone taught was much higher level than the survival Spanish we needed when we arrived . Overall we are learning the language and it is a GREAT program . Wish we would have bought it 3 or 4 months before departing .
 I have used this software for about 4 weeks since posting my comment in reply to that review . Having now had a chance to use the software , I can only say that I am almost 100 % satisfied with it . Some times , it 's nice to have a spanish dictionary when after a few lessons , you still ca n't quite grasp the concept of the word you 're being taught , but other than that ... Yes , it is repetitious . For those who want to learn another language , this is to be expected . No , it 's not a magic pill.However , in as little as three weeks I found myself largely able to understand what native speakers around me were talking about , even if my understanding of it was imperfect.Repetition -LRB- as they say -RRB- is key , but even if it were not , dedication is absolutely required . You can only learn if you stick with the program , and even I have been rather lax about that much . Still , I am wholly satisfied with my purchase . It is clear to me that the program is only as good as its user though , and I really ought to be more dedicated to following it .
 This is the most effective and all-around system that I have ever used . I took 7 years of spanish instruction in school and i did n't remember 61/2 years of it . This has been the best investment I have made in a very long time !
 In my experience really learning a language requires a mix of learning approaches . That means books , tapes , tutoring , and experience in a country that uses it . I have done all of these and feel this product is well worth including in the mix . I highly reccomend it . If you 're serious you need to just pony up the money and use it .
 So far , I have really enjoyed this program . I find it an easy way to learn a second language . I would highly recommend this program , and have recommended to several people . The only problem , hence the 4 stars instead of 5 , is the lack of dictionary . I fortunately had a Spanish-English dictionary on hand . Most of the words you can figure out by the context of the situation . However , it is nice to have a dictionary to clarify or confirm your inference -LRB- guess . -RRB- Other than that , I enjoy the different methods of learning available ... like speaking , listening , writing , reading , etc. .
 Unbelievably attainable proficiency through this course ! I would recommend this course of study to anyone with limited time & resources for study . Great item indeed !
 It 's a great product . Especially for someone like me who works long hours and no chance of getting to take a language class formally , this is the way to go ! Thank you !
 I agree this is really dumb . What 's the point ? The original CD 's may be backed up -LRB- thank God -RRB- , so it 's useless as an anti-theft device . I am a Mac user , and I have messed around with using disk images to replace the CD , but without success . Apparently they only permit direct hardware calls to the CD drive . May check with some gurus to see if there is a workaround.Basically a good product , but with just enough dumb , annoying flaws -LRB- and over priced -RRB- to prevent five stars .
 I do n't understand why testing for each language exercise is not the default selection instead of having to select it . It is frustrating to go through an entire exercise hoping to see how well you did ... and realize that you forgot to select `` test '' at the beginning . Also , it seems that testing should be available for the ` guided exercise ' also ... . not just the regular exercises . Other than these two things , the program is very good .
 This product is quite awesome in that it does exactly what it says it does -- but also no more . Many new IDE drives coming out include a simple DISKETTE that does the SAME thing if you want to move your data from one drive to the other ; exactly . However , I ca n't find what if you 're moving data from an IDE to SCSI drive or vice versa . THIS is critical as more and more people to go SCSI with OS 's like Linux . I recommend it highly though for the first scenario I mentioned -- Enjoy !
 I needed a proven method of transfering an old drive to a new one . But with a NTFS/W2K disk this was n't easy . MaxBlast , XXCopy and other free programs do n't fully support NTFS . -LRB- If your using 95/98 then the software that came with the new drive will probably work fine . -RRB- That left me with Norton Ghost or Drive Copy . If all you want to do is clone your disk then Drive Copy is the answer . It 's simple , easy and did a perfect clone . I 'm sure Norton would do just as well a job and if you want to do a lot of incremental ghosting operations then maybe it is for you . But if all you want to do is move or backup a drive then save $ 50 and Download Drive copy from Amazon . And I mean Amazon ... . No reason to buy the boxed product . But I still do n't understand why it takes 14MB to make two floppy disks ? Anyone ?
 Before I tried DriveCopy I use to play around with DOS 's and Window 's xcopy command with a string of parameters to allow the copying of copy system files and to ignore errors , etc. . It was a royal pain . DriveCopy has solved all of those problems . It copies everything from your old hard drive to the new one so that it operates perfectly . The interface is easy to navigate and I found the documentation to be easy to follow . If you want to upgrade your hard drive and do n't want to have to reinstall the OS and applications then your money will be well spent on this product .
 When you buy a new , high capacity hard drive , it can be a real headache to transfer the data from the old drive to the new one . This software does the job for you.I first tried Drive Copy a couple of years ago after discovering that the `` sys '' command and the `` format \ f '' commands no longer work under the version of DOS supplied with Windows 98 , thus making it impossible for me to write system files to the new hard drive so that it would boot the system . The original Drive Copy not only wrote the system files , it made an error-free copy of everything on the old drive.My only complaint with the original Drive Copy was that it insisted on making the partition size on the new drive the same as on the old drive . Thus if your old drive was a 2 gig . drive and you purchased an 8 gig . drive , you ended up with a 2 gig . active partition and a 6 gig . extended partition . Drive Copy 3.0 has fixed this problem . If you copy from a 12 gig . drive to a 20 gig . drive , you get the whole 20 gig drive as the active partition -LRB- if you want it that way -RRB- . The only reason I gave this software four stars and not five is that I think the instructions could be better . But this software really works , and you ca n't beat the price .
 This product was not for me but someone else , and I was skeptical at first because I thought `` How comprehensive can this be '' well , let me tell you VERY comprehensive . The only downside is this is NOT for beginners , but it is exactly what someone who has been speaking English but not properly and is not at 100 % on reading and writing . Some knowledge will help with this because I imagine a beginner will just become frustrated . My husband has used this for over a month and he has improved greatly . Would recommend this product.Side bar - set up was very easy .
 The PVX software is very cost effective , and it works great . Just add a Logitech 9000 Pro and your good to go . This little program has allowed me to work from home much more , and flawlessly dials into other polycom and LifeSize conferencing systems.You do have to be able to follow directions and set your firewall up with the simple configuration settings that are found in the help section of the application . There 's nothing difficult about it though , just use common sense.Try the demo first if your are a novice firewall user.Also - be sure to download the 8.0.4 update from Polycom if your using a dual core or vista machine .
 A must to get the max out of your camera , used the software to link to business customers that used high end equipment .
 I do private tutoring and MONARCH NOTES are a great help for me to catch up with my many students from different schools who are reading all different types of literature . I have used them for at least 10 years . But I decided to `` Upgrade '' my edition . And I was sure that I could depend upon Amazon to have the Monarach Notes and get them to me ASAP . Thanks to Amazon !!!
 I love this series of cds for the kids . Starting out with 3rd grade and going up to about 7th grade in learning , the kids enjoy being a -LSB- part of the story and at the same time unraveling the mystery . My kids have gotten very good at numerous subjects just by playing these games . It 's just too bad they stopped making the summer vacation workbooks and science lab kits to keep your kids learning during they 're summer break from school , without leaving off the fun side . Great products !
 Everything was exactly how i expected it ! I played this when I was a kid so i really wanted to re-live some good memories : -RRB-
 I bought this as a gift for my sister . She picked it out and enjoys playing it . I have not used it .
 This is 6th grade game cluefinders , it is based on logic and math . I help mydaughter with it , and guess what , i have been unable to answer some of theproblems . It is not easy but very challenging . We enjoy this product .
 I never write reviews , but I had to on this one , my 7 yr . old daughter loooves it , it really is adorable , my daughter loves animals , so this is perfect , I even like to play it with her and even though my 5 yr . old son does not like barbie , he just loves playing this game , the animals are too cute and the sounds and graphics are great , it keeps them busy for hours !!! i totally recommend this game !!!!!!
 Many , many hours of peace and quiet around the house when my 5 year old daughter is playing this game . She loves animals and this seems to be a better alternative to rescueing birds and turtles from the street in real life -LRB- yes , that happens in our household -RRB- . She absolutely shines when she gets a new award , and can play this game for 3 hours without stopping.I would recommend it to anybody !
 I got my Barbie Pet Rescue two days ago -LRB- Friday April 6 and I think it is amasing ! I love it ! At first I thought it was so boring and I was going to take it back but you know what ? I played it longer and I found out more about it and I Lllooovvvveeed it ! I ca n't tell anymore because you haft to buy this first and try it out ! But what I can tell you is if you think after you do all of the misins there is nothing els to do but you are rong if you said that there is always things to do like play games and go on the laptop and there is a tun of misens ! Please do n't turn it down it might be expensiv but it is worth the money !
 My daughter ca n't get enough of this game . The graphics are excellent and there 's plenty to do . Just be careful , Mattel 's minimum system requirements are way too low . We 're running it on an AMD K6-2 / 350 PC with 64MB of RAM and it gets a little slow changing from screen to screen .
 Following is a review by Isabella -LRB- 6 years old -RRB- , one of the younger members of Dream Factory : `` You have to rescue all the lost pets in the neighborhood . I like this game so much I would jump to the stars . And I LOVE dogs , cats , and pets . I have a great time playing this . thank you . `` Highly recommended by the parental units . Teaching youngsters responsibility and sympathy toward pets in distress . Also bringing forth logical ideation and planning during the rescue exercises . The negative reviews tend to forget that this is geared toward children and dose not need to have machine gun capability . Just a nice friendly search and rescue orientation . great fun
 Following is a review by Isabella -LRB- 6 years old -RRB- , one of the younger members of Dream Factory : `` You have to rescue all the lost pets in the neighborhood . I like this game so much I would jump to the stars . And I LOVE dogs , cats , and pets . I have a great time playing this . thank you . `` Highly recommended by the parental units . Teaching youngsters responsibility and sympathy toward pets in distress . Also bringing forth logical ideation and planning during the rescue exercises . The negative reviews tend to forget that this is geared toward children and dose not need to have machine gun capability . Just a nice friendly search and rescue orientation .
 I was prepared to be unimpressed with this product , thinking it would be just another Barbie game -- heavy on the Barbie license , light on the creativity and development . I could n't have been more wrong
 Yea uhhh this game is ok . Its not challenging . There is this one vet came that is challenging thatyou have to SAVE the animals but not this one ! Barbie says the same thing what a healthy girl in her shrilly little make me wan na blow voice ! I mean how does she know its not a boy ? Anyways my point is this game gets rreeaaallly dull after awhile ! It depends on what type of game you like . If you like easy going games ... This one is for you !
 Pet Rescue is a good game but the dialogue is just to weird . The words are chopped up . In real life i think Barbie could get her own phone . Remember Barbie can do everything ! The graphics are wonderful and the game is a little to easy i would make it ages 7-10 . I do n't think 12 year olds would like this . You get to chose mostly anything you want . You get to chose the name and collar .
 When i was younger , 9 or so , i loved this game ! I played it endlessly ! It had A + + pictures ! The pets looked so real ! The games and rescu mission where fun ! But it bothered me that we had to rescue bunnys . I mean really , you see them in the wild and then you get a call from someone saying `` I saw a bunny ! Oh no ! Go rescue him ! '' Then barbie would drive off . I wish we ourselfs could drive , it would be much more fun that way ! And then I remember when i rescued all the animals , then I had to rescue the monkey . -LRB- he comes last to rescue -RRB- And I couldent get it!So here is how ro rescue the monkey ... Sage the golden wonder will be with you , she is the key .1 . Tell sage to ` sit ' when you are closer to the pond , but can still see the jungle gym .2 . Have the blond princess walk back to the other side and go up the stainrs . The monkey will run if he hasent already .3 . Go as clost to the money as you can , then click on sage to ` come ' .4 . She will climb the jungle bars , and come over to you .5 . The monkey will hug sage and * boom ! * You have yourself a monkey!But I would make sure this game fits your computer , I have an XP and can no longer play this game , it makes me sad . * weep * GET THIS GAME !
 This is fun game and easy to use . Any child who likes animals will ove it . You not only get to rescue the animals on a little search and find but you bring them back to the center and name them , grrom them , play games with them . If you do well at the games , the animal often performs a little trick . It includes a nice variety of pets , kittens , puppies , rabbits , turtles , hamsters , birds .
 My eight year old daughter has pets , but wants many more . I thought this program would be fun and interesting for her . I was right ! She thinks the animals are adorable and enjoys going from scene to scene to do activities . It is simple and fun ! The graphics are great ! When she has a friend over , it gives them something different to do that is not too difficult either . I did n't have to help her too much to get to know how it operates-which is a plus for parents . Once she became familiar with it , she could operate it independently . It is also educational because it teaches concepts like responsibility and empathy for animals . Children have to be observant and think about the characteristics of animals in order to find them ! Simple , lighthearted fun !
 I spend hours playing this game ! The graphics still impress me . I feel like I 'm actually there playing with the animals ! I recomend this for children who love animals and like going on adventures . This is also very educational because it teaches children how to take good care of animals , what to do when an animal is in need , and even more ! This is why I think this is the PERFECT game for anyone !
 This game is pretty good if you are under 10 . I am almost 11 and I still sometimes play this game , but only because it involves animals.It 's annoying because other people can adopt your pets if you rescue one like it -LRB- i.e. you rescue a gray kitten , then rescue another , the first one gets adopted -RRB- . You also do n't get to keep the birds you find , which is not very fun.When you rescue a bird , it gets taken to the Checkout Room -LRB- more about this room later -RRB- where Barbie checks it out and makes sure it 's not sick or hurt . `` Her vital signs are strong ! What a healthy girl ! '' is what Barbie always says ; it could be more exciting if once in awhile the pet was sick and you had to give it some special medicine -LRB- if you want to have a game like this , try another game called Vet Emergency , which is more advanced than this game -RRB- . Then , as soon as you get into the Lobby Room , Stacie says `` Barbie , while you were out one of our animals was adopted , '' a.k.a. the bird you just were with two seconds ago has already been taken home by its owner . How does this happen , I do n't know.Another funny thing is that you start out with a file on Barbie 's laptop that says you rescued a Poodle named Emily or something . You never do ; you can only rescue a few other breeds -LRB- more later -RRB- . In the Checkout Room , you can name the pet and give it a `` special tag '' -- a bone , pawprint , heart , or star in blue , green , yellow , or pink . You can also feed it bones -LRB- which is funny for the turtles and bunnies you rescue ! -RRB- , give it a bath -LRB- or in the case of kittens , a grooming -RRB- , and with some pets , like the cat , you can bandage her paw , or the bird , where you can give her an ID band on her foot -LRB- how does Barbie know so much about the bird ? Real tags are supposed to have its name , owner , address , etc -RRB- . You can give them a vitamin , but it 's very realistic at this part because you can only feed them one vitamin a day . You can also give them water . You ca n't dry them off with the towels on the shelf , they only have to sort of shake themselves off . You ca n't check out a few of the animals , though.There are two different Playrooms where , in the first one , are : Stacie 's hamster , Nutmeg -LRB- who I particularly think is ugly -RRB- and kind of acts annoying and a little cheeky sometimes , especially when it escapes into the Lobby Room -LRB- Stacie , take better care of your hamster ! -RRB- , Your puppies -LRB- you can get either a tricolor Beagle , a Dalmatian , or a Golden Retriever , and the Dalmatian is my favorite -RRB- . The puppies can also lie down in their baskets and sleep , Your bunnies , a gray , brown , and white-and-black one , and Barbie 's family of bunnies -LRB- who you play games with and they do n't have names , or at least they do n't tell you the name -RRB- , And in the second playroom are your kittens -LRB- a black tabby , an orange tabby who I like best , and a gray-and-white one -RRB- Sage , a Golden Retreiver dog who is very sweet , Your turtles -- a green one , my favorite , a red one , and a gold-and-black one.I think that all of these pets are cute , except for Stacie 's hamster . When you pet the hamster -LRB- you can pick any animal to pet , and this part is very realistic -RRB- , Stacie says , `` Looks like you 've made a friend ! '' No , I have not made any friends , at least with your hamster , Stacie!Another thing is that Barbie carefully checks out all of these tame little bunnies who are playing at the park , but she does n't check out this wild , stray dog who does n't have a home and is racing around this farm chasing a chicken . What if the dog had rabies or something?Anyway , the pets are very cute and sweet but if you want a game where you can actually care for pets , as in train them and feed them something other than treats , etc. , try Petz 5 -LRB- I have reviewed this game , too -RRB- . Overall , this game is pretty fun . I 'd say the age group is about 5 to 10 . If you are within this age group -LRB- or you think that the game sounds fun -RRB- , you should think about getting this game . -LRB- I got it when I was eight and I was sooooo excited when I got it ! -RRB- They could make this game a little better , but I think it 's pretty much a good game.You also rescue this `` mystery animal '' a.k.a. a monkey , who leaves clues all over the place , lets out the animals from their real homes , and lives at a circus . This is sort of silly but otherwise I like this game a lot .
 i got this for my 9th bdayand i played it for long hours strait . now ido not play it as much . it gets boreing after A while . barbie says
 This game is great and I love all the games except the kitten keep away . But otherwise the game is the coolest and I am hoping to by one know and it would be so cool if you could send me one for free . Much love Britney .
 I love this game ! In it you get emails or telephone calls saying that different people need your help because they saw or lost an animal , and they need you to go help them . You do n't have to go on these missions if you do n't want to though . The thing that I do n't like about it though is that there are only about fifteen missions to go on . Once you rescue an animal , you take them into the vet area to take care of them . You give them a bath , feed them , and do other things with them . There are some great games that you can play , like a turtle obstacle course/race , a game where you try to get the treat into the puppy 's mouth , and a hamster maze . Sometimes the hamster gets out and you have to try and find him . Once again , I love this game !
 I bought this game for my daughter because she loves Barbie Gymnastics and there were good reviews for this one . My daughter loves , loves loves this game . You have to force her to quit to eat dinner and do her homework . Any little girl who loves animals -LRB- dogs , cats , rabbits , turtles , bunnies -RRB- will love this game . Parents may think it is not the best but my daughter and her friends are delirious about this game .
 Got this for my 6 yr . old daughter for her birthday and she just loves it . We loved it too because we installed it on our networked computer sytem at home and it worked great the first time - no tweeking required !! Also , the graphics are beautiful and the background music is calm and relaxing , unlike many of the other children 's computer games out there .
 this cd was cool , but a bit too easy . i finished the eight missions in record time . The monkey part was kinda hard , but with the help of the manual , i had it done quick . it was an ok cd .
 We bought this for our daughter 's 6th birthday . Five months later she still loves it . She brings the animals into the doctor 's office and cleans them and bandages them and feeds them . If your young child loves animals and is a nurturer , this is a good fit .
 Following is a review by Isabella -LRB- 6 year old -RRB- , one of the younger members of Dream Factory . `` You have to rescue all the lost pets in the neighborhood . I like this game so much I would jump to the stars . And I LOVE dogs , cats , and pets . I have a great time playing this . Thank you . `` Highly recommended by the parental units . Teaching youngsters responsibility and sympathy towards lost pets in mild distress . Also bringing forth logical ideation and planning during rescue exercises.The negative reviews tend to forget that this PC-CD is geared toward children and dose not need to have machine gun sophistication . The scenes are well produced . Just a nice friendly search and rescue orientation .
 PROS :1 . The animals r SO CUTE ! 2 . The graphics are GREAT ! 3 . There r a lot more pros , i cant think of them all .4 . Oh wait ! i just thought of another pros . Another person said bunny 's r wild . Not ALL bunny 's r wild . U can find bunny 's at the pet store.CONS :1 . I wish you could drive Barbies bike .2 . i wish the pet 's got sick .3 . Pets r still there . EXAMPLE
 I bought this game for my 31/2 year old for Christmas 2003 . When I got it I realized that it was for ages 5 and up . Well ... I put it in my computer and let my daughter play it anyway . At first it was hard and got her frustrated -LRB- she 's only 31/2 -RRB- . Now ... she will play this game for hours upon hours if I let her ! She LOVES it ! She loves saving the animals , cleaning them up , giving them water and playing with them.The graphics are so life like and adorable ! She gets so excited whenever she plays it . It amazes me that she has pretty much mastered this game ! The main thing that you 're kids will learn with this game is problem solving.I think this game is great and recommend it to anyone ... even younger then 5 years old . Definately a great buy !
 I love all the cute animals espeshily NutMeg the hamster . When I first played the games and rescues were kind of hard but I am getting better . My favorite game is KittenKeepAway . I love the way people con adopt animals . Well thats my opinion thanks .
 This game is so cute . I just love the animation and the animals look so real and so cute . The only problem that we 've had is the sound . Sometimes the game makes Barbie sound like she 's got a frog in her throat . I 've called tech support but was put on hold for so long that I hung up and have n't ever gotten around to calling again .
 My 5-year old daughter is a huge animal lover , so she really loves this game . We have had it for about six months , and it is still one of her favorites . The graphics are good , and the animals are adorable . She loves to play the games , do the rescues , and take care of the animals . My only criticism of the game is that there are only so many `` rescue missions '' that are the same every time , so once she did it one time , the challenge was gone . It would be nice to have more variations , but she has n't seemed to mind yet !
 my daughter is 10 , she do n't like barbie , butshe really love this game , she played withit every day for a good while , she really enjoyedgetting calls to rescue different pets
 This game seems to capture the most adorable qualities of each and every pet . I 've worked with our local Humane Society for several years , so I am a little critical when I see games with animals . The stunning realism and character of these animals is astounding . Their expressions and actions convey a sense of genuine personality . As for the games , I think each one of my daughters friends has a different favorite . The puppy treat toss game seems to be their overall fave . As for the Amazon.com review , it said their were only 8 missions ; we have found 15 different rescue scenerios so far , with even more rescue variations . I do n't think the tester used the e-mail for new rescues . In summation , if you have a young girl on your Christmas list , this game is a must .
 I bought this game for my sisters birthday and she has been playing it non stop ! She absolutely loves the games ! She actually has stopped bothering my mom for her own dog ! Its amazing it keeps her so busy !
 The Barbie Pet Rescue game was a lot of fun at first-and I played it for about 2 hours . There were three colors of the animals so you never know which color you might find . Once you rescue an animal , you get to feed it , clean it , and keep it until you rescue another animal just like it and then it is adopted . The only bad things about this game were that you 'd do the same thing over and over , Barbie 's voice is a little annoying , and the hamster you have in the game always escapes . Also , would you really find a turtle in a well ? It 's not realistic . All the animals in the game are perfect , that is not true . Many rabbits bite , dogs run all over , but in this game all the animals are cool , calm , and collected . Also , when you adopt an animal , you get a message thanking you . Many times you get the same message over and over ! Thanks for listening to my review .
 My 6 year old daughter received this CD-ROM for Christmas , and , ignoring all her other multitudes of gifts , proceeded to play it for the entire day ! The graphics on this program are just so life-like AND the faces on these little critters are just so ADORABLE you ca n't help but fall in love with them ! This program is wonderful for encouraging empathy and caring , and for encouraging problem solving skills ! There are MANY different missions that require your child 's `` help '' in rescuing various animals -LRB- including a monkey and a cockatoo ! -RRB- from all sorts of sneaky and precarious spots ! There 's also a vet center -LRB- but no bills to pay ! -RRB- and fun games in the playroom that include a turtle race and a hamster maze . In addition , your child is encouraged to pet and groom the critters . All in all , a wonderful product - my only complaint is that you could n't CLICK on more things to make them `` do stuff '' ! But that 's just me ! A SUPER PROGRAM , nonetheless ; ESPECIALLY for young girls who love animals !
 Do you like to save animals and pets ? Then this is the game for you . It has perfect pictures of the pets you save that they look so life like . I like when I go to the check-up room and you check the animals that you chose but one ca n't go there and that a big Golden Retriver that you find on a farm that chases a chicken . I like to wash the pets and play with them . I really like this game and you will like it to when you buy it .
 I bought this for my daughter 's last Christmas -LRB- ages 6 & 8 -RRB- -- They still love it and spend hours rescuing , petting and playing with the pets with Barbie . Other reviews mentioned that it was difficult for thier children - I must admit a couple of areas were somewhat difficult -LRB- the puppy treat toss and rescuing the monkey on the playground - were the only areas they had trouble with -RRB- - But it took a few chances at playing for them to have the movements figured out . My niece -LRB- age 5 -RRB- also received this last Christmas and has been the same experience for her as well !
 This is the perfect way for children to help other things like abanded pets , and to adopt pets . It is a very cute game . I really love it . I think it is a great game for girls or some boys that are pretty young . It 's great for kid 's who love animals or have pet birds , cats , dogs , turtles , and bunnies . It encourages them to start to help out more with their pet -LRB- if they have one -RRB- I 'm not making the choice , you are , I can only recommend you to get it , anyways all I 'm saying is it 's a wonderful game ! To wrap it up -LRB- my opinion -RRB-
 This game is pretty fun , but it 's for little kids.You go on missions with Barbie and rescue cats , dogs , birds , turtles , rabbits , and finally , a monkey . Once you rescue the animal , you can check it out at the Pet Rescue Center . You can play games with each of the animals except the birds , and the animals are kept in the Playrooms . You have to figure out how to save the animal from whatever minor predicament it gets in.Okay , to begin with
 I have a 4 year old and a 7 year old who both love this game . The 7 year old mastered it in a day , however . She still plays it sometimes , it 's fun , but not challenging . The 4 year old , however adores it ! She loves washing the animals and playing games with the puppies . She also has mastered it , but it took her longer . If you have a 4-6 year old , I think this game is perfect , any older , though , and you 'll have yawns within a couple of days .
 This game is wonderful ! I played it for hours . After you rescued an animal there would be a `` mini movie '' for about 10 seconds , and the graphics looked almost real ! While playing the Bunny game I almost thought that they were real rabbits ! The only complaint is that there 's no escape when there 's a `` mini movie '' or someone is talking . You have to listen or watch the whole thing . I am definently getting the gameboy color one , which looks just as awesome !
 For anyone who knows me , it 's no secret that I would love to be a screenwriter . Will that dream ever happen ? Who knows , but until it does I 'm content to practice what I feel is my true gift , reviewing . But while I 'm honing my craft as a reviewer , hoping to be published one day , I still like to work on my other dreams , like screenwriting -LRB- and stand-up comedy -RRB- . That 's where this program comes in handy . I type in my characters and locations , and it helps me input them automatically , saving loads of time while I write . In fact , the software is so easy to use , I completed two screenplays within a week of owning it
 I LOVE this program . I for one , do n't mind that you have to use the CD to run the program
 For a quarter to a fifth of the price of the full programs , you get a fine spec script writing package . Like Movie Magic 2000 , Final Draft and Scriptware , you get the TAB and ENTER system of entering Scenes and Character Names . You 'll lose some of the higher end features -LRB- like card view -RRB- but for basic script input -LRB- especially for spec scripts -RRB- Hollywood Screenwriter will probably do what you need , especially if you 're a beginner.You do need to download the latest updates from Screenplay Systems , especially if you are using Windows Me , 2000 or XP -LRB- othewise you might get an `` Error 32 Message '' -RRB- . You should also look at the new spec script formats that can be downloaded from Screenplay System 's web site . They allow you to stop using Character CONT ` Ds in your scripts , as this is becoing outdated.Hollywood Screenwriter does n't have as many export options as its bigger brother , Movie Magic 2000 , but it * does * have RTF and ASCII , which means it should interact with just about any Windows word processor or Screenplay software.For the price and features , Hollywood Screenwriter is a great program . Check Screenplay System 's comparison chart for feature differences between it and Movie Magic 2000 before buying , but there 's a good chance that if you are writing a spec script , Hollywood Screenwriter will do the job .
 I entered the Project Greenlight screenwriting contest three years ago and needed a program immediately so I could retype my screenplay into the exactly perfect formatting of `` standard industry format , '' which was a rule of the Project Greenlight Contest -LRB- a rule they never enforced -RRB- . I did n't have money to buy a program at that time and discovered that Hollywood Screenwriter had a free trial period so I downloaded it.I somehow missed the part where either the free trial did not allow saving or if it did , I did n't understand how to do it . I had no problem whatsoever using Hollywood Screenwriter , it was easy to understand right from the start . But the deadline to enter the contest at Project Greenlight was only one more day away and there I was , stuck with a screenplay that I could not save to the required . pdf format.I got in touch with Tech Support and these guys were absolutely wonderful and supportive of me . They emailed back and forth with me for half the night , trying to figure out how to get my script to . pdf format . They finally hit on the idea of saving my script to . rtf then going to Adobe for their free conversion to . pdf . Although the Adobe conversion alters page breaks , that 's not Hollywood Screenwriter 's fault.I will never forget how nice their Tech Support was and how much effort they put into helping me and I was only using the free trial version ! There are many companies out there who would n't go to all that bother even for their paying customers.If there is any part of this software 's interface that you do n't `` get , '' or if you have any problems at all , be assured that their Tech Support will go to any lengths to help you . I would n't worry about the interface , though . As I stated , it is very easy to use , very quick to learn.Not having to worry about formatting really frees up your creativity . I do recommend this product .
 One must remember what this product is ... This is the equivalent to the ultra low budget film -LRB- < $ 1M -RRB- . This will get the job done -- the quality of the script remains in the writer not the format.If you 're selling your Titantic to Paramount -- do n't use this software . The only reason format really matters in screenwriting is for ` selective elimination ' . There are simply too many scripts to be read out there ... they drastically reduce headcount on format alone.That being said ... If you are a small time filmmaker and you are n't uptight about `` how things have to be '' than this will work fine for you . This is also a much better option for those who have a moral compass and do not like stealing more expensive software . Just use the cheaper alternative because guess why -- it works.I 'm glad to see tech services defneding their product -- the assault is not valid .
 OK , since we 're corresponding here , I 'll respond by saying I 'm a professional filmmaker , and have actually used this software and bothered to figure out how to use it -LRB- all software involves a learning curve -RRB- It 's unfortunate that the neophyte M. Sindy Felin bashes this product . Among other baseless complaints , it 's EASY to share scripts written with this product , if you save them to rich text format , which most writers DO ANYWAY because it 's a common format that can be shared between different programs , including Microsoft Word.So , M. Sindy , just click ` save as , ' and then choose rich text format , which is simply a . txt document with formatting.As for customer support , it 's been great . The value of the help and support I 've received far exceeds what I paid for the product in the first place.The only reason I dock this a star is that , as noted by others , it 's not convenient to insert the CD every time to boot the software , but it 's really not that big a deal.If you want a perfectly fine , basic scriptwriting software , that 's intuitive and easy to use , this is it . I have n't used any of the other far-more-expensive programs , so I ca n't comment on the value of their bells 'n whistles .
 This program is great . The process of writing a screenplay was sped up by the drop down devices employed by this software . It 's really easy to use and upload . Yes , you have to leave the disc in your drive in order to use it , but who cares ? If all you want is a script that will print onto plain white paper -LRB- spell check included -RRB- , you 've found what you need at a very low cost . I was tempted to pay over $ 100 for the other programs , but decided to stick with this one . All I wanted was a script , and that 's what I got from this software . 5 stars !!!!
 This software is great for writing scripts for movie you want to sell or make yourself ! It is so easy to use just press TAB and ENTER to go to diffrent sections of the script . The reason why other reviewers disliked this product was because they did n't have the upgate . Just ... download a small upgrade so it will work on all the computers it says it will and will not give you an Error 32 message . This program is great for all users !
 This is all that you need to write a screen play . Why buy something with a lot of bells and whistles , when all `` They '' want is good dialog , action , day/night , inside/outside sceen location . If you want a program that will think for you , this is not for you . If you want to write a screenplay without all of the B.S. get this one .
 If you are looking for a writing program for your own productions , this is it . I cant recommend this enough for beginners or those -LRB- like me -RRB- on a low budget . If you are use to Final Draft , you wont like the simplicity or the lack of options , but for only $ 30.00 , it sure beats using Word .
 This CD will help both amatuer and professional screenwriter type faster with less interruption from margin settings . The smooth two-key margin set blends into the rythym of typing for a easy transition of idea to paper . Charecter analysis helps break down the script for the actors understanding and mastering of their roles . A extremely good buty at $ 29 dollars .
 Sold as advertised , fast shipment , packaged very well in container , Highly recommended . A + WIll buy again from this vendors Thanks !
 I purchased this game for my 5 year granddaughter as one of her first computer games . She is fascinated with Barbie to begin with , and the `` Princess Bride '' story was perfect for her , She really enjoys all of the activities that go along with helping Barbie to plan her wedding . The `` Butterfly Fairy '' leads the palyer through the steps of delivering invitations , decorating the wedding cake , choosing Barbie 's wedding dress and selecting just the right back ground setting for the photographs just to name a few . My granddaughter just turned 5 in December and she required very little assistance with this game . It has held her interest for hours . I think she has enhanced her mouse skills significantly as well . I highley recommend this to any little girl who loves Barbie .
 My 4 year old daughter truly loves Barbie as Princess Bride . I ca n't get my computer back from her once she has this Barbie in it . She has over 50 cd roms and this and Barbie Magic Hairstyler are her favorites . She walks away from Barbie Ocean Discovery but when she 's using the Princess Bride or the Magic Hairstyler I can forget about getting to the computer . She loves cutting the hair , changing the styles , putting her jewelry on , etc. . On Princess Bride she loves everything on that as well . These are her favorites and that is why I am giving them both Princes Bride and Magic Hairstyler 5 stars . She gets bored of all the other ones but keeps going back to these two .
 My 5 year old loves this game , she plays it over and over without getting tired of it ... the activities are easy to complete , and the whole game can be played in less than an hour . Plus she can print the final picture of Barbie getting married ! Probably for girls over 6 it is too easy and boring !
 I have 2 young girls -LRB- 5 & 3 -RRB- , they both love this game ! They get to decorate a wedding cake , design a wedding gown for Barbie and for the flower girl , bake a cake , etc. . There is a lot of learning in this while they enjoy themselves ! They learn to follow directions and even a bit of fine motor skills to get the items out of the well . Memory skills are enhanced with collecting the invitations and delivering them . Any young girl will enjoy this game ! Good buy ! 1smileycat : - -RRB-
 My daughter liked this C.D. Rom and she is 4 . She needed some help , I wish they would put setting for different levels on the some of the activites . The mazes , cake baking , and music were to difficult and she needed some help , but overall she had fun . I do n't think an older child would have problems . The music is pretty and the whole adventure is enchanting . My daughter loves dressing her for the wedding .
 i love this game its the best for any age.the main point
 My 41/2 year old twins -LRB- a girl and a boy -RRB- just LOVE this game ! They especially enjoy decorating the wedding cake ! I highly recommend this game for young children .
 I love playing Barbie Princess Bride . It 's WONDERFUL !!!!!
 Not only has my 8-year-old son had a ball with this game , my husband has , too ! Software was easy enough for my son to install unaided and learn to play without assistance . The game is easy enough to figure out but very fun to play ! Highly recommended .
 I am just a kid . I am 7 and a half years old . The thing I love most is that when I first tried it , I thought `` WHOA , this is really hard '' and then I started getting used to it I was like `` I can beat these tracks easy '' My record number of tricks is over 200 . When I first figured out how to do the spinning trick , I started getting a lot more yellow fireworks . The very best thing is that everyone can have fun playing it . The championship level is the NOT easy , but you can do it , just keep trying and have fun . This game is the best !
 When I played stunt track driver 2 , I was thrilled . When you play it , you can win a variety of cars , and you can try to open the two tracks that you can play if you open them in the championship .
 My son loved this game . It was a great game for a 5 year old and up . He has played it many times over .
 Hot Wheels expands their interactive collection with yet another highly entertaining game about the die-cast cars we all grew up with . This game is especially entertaining for children as the race the cars on the computer as they do with their own tracks at home . It is also fun for the adult in bringing back memories and having a quality racing game .
 I 've read that others found the program hard to use . I did n't find that at all . I 'm not a computer geek and had no problems just jumping in . Follow the tutorial if you have any problems . I look forward to writing my next book from scratch utilizing this program . Meanwhile I 'm learning pertinent information to upgrade my completed novels . As a self-taught writer , there is n't a thing on this program that I ca n't use . Well worth the money!Some older versions do not go with the later model computers . They tell you how to get around that . Also my seller was EXCELLENT .
 Dramatica Pro , I was pleased with the software . And it was very easy to register this product and like it says on the box does everything what it says it 's going to do on the box . Very very please .
 Now in version 4.0 for both Windows and Macintosh , The Ultimate Creative Writing Partner Dramatica Pro is an impressively thorough and exhaustively compressive software created and designed to specifically aid writers of all skill and experience levels , ranging from the aspiring novice to seasoned and published professional . Tools to improve plot structure , scene creation , visualize characters , apply different story modes , and much , much more offer a wealth of insight and a `` user friendly '' means of keeping track of drafts and details . A superb reference and working tool for any writer , The Ultimate Creative Writing Partner Dramatica Pro is compatible with both Windows and Macintosh and offers a complete and enthusiastically recommended step-by-step writing system which will enhance any literary effort whether it be personal or commercial .
 Dramatica Pro is an excellent program for thoroughly organizing your thought processes , prior to writing your novel or screenplay . The program may be hard to understand , primarily because it uses a vocabulary and theories that are foreign to most writers . I think you should read the book titled , Dramatica
 '' ... This is a helpful program and a worthwhile investment for someone struggling from writer 's block or who has difficulties organizing his or her ideas . If the user is willing to sift through the terminology , he or she will gain a useful tool to aid his or her writing ... '' - Jessica Lake , Microfilmmaker.com
 Having worked with , and studied the Dramatica theory of story development , and also looked at and read a few of the examples it is based on , it seems to me that Dramatica 4 is a product somewhat ahead of itself.By this I mean , that to convey the principles of Dramatica the prior art examples are either too archetypical with no real requirement for the use of Dramatica by those who intend writing such archetypes , or are too flawed so that they do Dramatica no favours due to them being little more than the nearest point of common reference.But by treating Dramatica as a philosophy and an abstraction , and not using it to see how prior art can be aligned to its principles , one can quickly see how Dramatica will enable the writer to create stories and forms hitherto unattainable , simply because the organisation of the story 's elements and form would have been too difficult to keep track of.Therefore , in order to get the desired results from using Dramatica , the user has to gain expertise in the way of defining and structuring a story 's elements with Dramatica , and not be trying to defend the outcome on prior art which is a close call . This is the hard part to Dramatica , since ideal prior art probably does n't exist , from which to refer , except for the possibility of future works skilfully created with Dramatica.Now there 's a chicken or the egg paradox .
 I bought this program 2.5 years ago and have been using it to create plots for novels , short stories , etc. . Versions 2 and 3 were tedious and full of technical jargon , which kept me looking at their dictionary of terms . I snatched up version 4 immediately because of one feature . They added a toggle switch which converts all the technicality into layman 's terms . So , it 's easier to understand , thus easier to use.For those of you who are not familiar with Dramatica , it is a creative writing tool which helps you decide where your story is going by asking you certain questions about plot , themes , character motivation , and story dynamics.It offers you two ways to do this
 Well , that 's what this is , according to the box it comes in.What it is not : ... a guaranteed magic wand that will grant you good literature ... . simple for everyone to use ... . a solution to the creatively challenged ... . inexpensive ... a complete waste of your money.What it is : ... A partner , a tool , that supplements the writer 's existing skills ... . not impossible to learn within a reasonable period ... . one solution to the problem of poor organizational skills ... . another way to get the juices flowing ... . arguably the best in its field ... . worth the cost if you are serious about improving as a writer.Don ' t be swayed by those who say this software is difficult to use , and do n't be swayed by those who say it 's not . I feel that , for those who are able to use most softwares intuitively , it is n't particularly difficult . Although it is n't perfect , there are very few - if any - softwares that are . It all depends upon you . And in Dramatica 's case , once you get past that hurdle it very quickly becomes a breeze to use.No , I do n't feel that it supplants my creativity . But that 's more likely because I do n't allow it to.As for writer 's block , there are established ways of getting over that , and - for me - they do not include the use of a computer.The main problem I have is lack of persistence of focus . And , as a cure for that , it 's excellent.What has it done for me?It 's given me a much greater focus on and control over the mechanics of ordering my thoughts . Sure , I could use index cards , but they 're very unwieldy . As a replacement for them , Dramatica has been more of a boon than a relational database has ever been . All the benefits without the programming.There are different ways of using Dramatica . I 've already got a good idea about my characters and how the plot progresses before I begin . Most often , I use character building and the many different reports to complement.The various input options , such as character building , are very helpful for noting down important elements and ensuring the continuity of them.I rarely use the brainstorming option , but it 's there if I am well and truly mired in a loop.To sum up
 This a well structured and thought-out piece of software that DOES NOT WRITE THE STORY FOR YOU ! Ironically , although based in many ways upon Aristotle 's ` Poetics ' , it brings unique slants and methods to character building , including building deep psychological profiles , a organized story line and focus on the story 's intent . When used with maximum features one is forced to examine the role and purpose of `` every '' character in the proposed story . Have some loose ideas ? Answer a series of questions and a preliminary structure is provided . But there is no requirement to follow it slavishly , it is an aid to creativity , not a substitute . There is no doubt that it is a complex piece of software that trys to introduce new ways of stoy telling and answer the primary question that should be in any writer 's mind , what is this story about ? What `` argument '' is being presented and how is that argument resolved ? I have learned more about writing in learning to use this software than I have in the last 20 years . In addition their website offers a plethora of insight , options and even has the original book behind the concept online and downloadable . This is NOT software for people who are not serious about their writing . what literature means in today 's society , and requires a substantial amount of work to learn and use properly . It integrates with Screenwriter 2000 and Storyview very well , as well as a number of other common story writing and formatting programs . In short , this a product that requies thinking , a serious approach to writing and the willingness to spend time using it and learning a new method of story craftsmenship . I own hundreds of software programs , and this is among those that was worth every bloody cent . But one must always remember , writing is hard work and this software , nor any other software program will NOT do that WORK for you . To expect that by just filling in some templates and characterization forms and then have a `` Story '' written and ready to go is absolute nonsense . If you 're serious about writing , try their demo . I highly recommend this product , but it suited me very well and bought several of their other products . BUT , try the demo , it may not be your cup of tea , or maybe like me you 'll become so stimulated by it 's thought provoking proceses that I would n't write a 3 character , one act play without using it . This is a well thought out and serious system , and has to be approached with that in mind , or in fact it might appear to a waste - but personally , I think that 's the `` writer 's '' fault . Not the program .
 Dramatica is a software program intended to help you transform your story from a sequence of related scenes into a coherent exploration of a thematic concept ... a real story . Note
 I was concerned at first because there is no word processing capability , and I was worried that it was going to be alot of extra work , but I 've found it really helpful . It not only helps me order my ideas , but it clarifies them , before I 've written 1000 words and not had them make sense . It also helps when it is a complicated story so that your story lines interweave gracefully , without getting lost in a maze of concepts . I am a beginner , and it is great for me , but I believe that I will be using this for a long time .
 I 've been disappointed more than once by software that promises to make life easy in some way or another . I 've bought software that promised to help me write a business plan , one application that was supposed to help me design a house , and one package that would teach me Italian . In each case those applications did about of what they promised . Dramatic , though , delivers . For me , coming up with a story idea is easy . I can write dialogue without breaking a sweat . My weakness is getting bored with all the details required to construct a long-form story . Dramatica makes it fun . It does n't make it easy . It might even make the process of story development a little harder , but if you use it , you 'll have a better-developed story with deeper more interesting characters .
 I hedged on this tool for some time . Feared it was too cultish , too intent on reinventing the wheel in it 's emphasis on a ` Dramatica story ' rather than help with My story . -LRB- sorta like a gym that jetisoned free weights and traditional equiptment in favor of some mad scientist 's dreams of rubber bands and balsa wood or something -RRB- . Pleased to say that I was mostly wrong . Dramatic theory is more a collection of tools and views on story structure than a manifesto toward a new structure . As such -LRB- and continuing the gym analogy -RRB- it is resistance exercise . I 've both learned from its theories and in my ocassional arguements with them , further developed my personal dogmas.More importantly , Dramatica is helping me be a better writer . It has given me a broader understanding of the writing process and I 'm using it to both fix a failed manuscript that I 've pulled from circulation to put ` back in the shop ' and improve my current work in progress . As a tool , its biggest benefits are its ability to quantify why something failed , and its forecasting capability in respect to the consequences of writing choices , meaning it nips in the bud those wrong choices and pointless digressions that in the past tookup 2-3 ,000 thousand words of writing before the pointlessness of the path began to emerge.Is it for you ? This is not a program that tells you `` Insert story element A into story position B '' In my view , the Socrathic Method supporting such a program -LRB- a good one , that is -RRB- will be obsolete the moment a user reads the manuel ; to interface with such a program the writer would have to learn her story in the program 's terms and then feed the program 1,000 or more answers . In the course of doing that , she would figure out what the program was going to tell her . To a degree that happens with Dramatica , answering it 's 200 plus questions is an active indeaver and I learn quite a bit from feeding the beast even before it does its part.Noting that some of the users who dislike the program raised the point of return on investment . In my view it is worth every penny . To contrast other investments a writer might make in their development instead of Dramatica ; if a hyperthetical newbie novelist came to Amazon with $ 500 in startup cash -LRB- and assuming they 've already got the hardware , Word , coffee maker etc. -RRB- I 'd say spend $ 225 on texts , then buy Storyview and Dramatica . Assuming Newbie spent the first $ 225 wisely and well , the marginal utility of throwing more money at books on writing would be far lower than an investment in Dramatica software .
 Dramatica is a way to organise your thoughts about theme , plot-theme , and characters into a story form as opposed to something that is n't . Using its own terminology allied to templates , the user is required to fill in a set of questionnaires , which act as the input from which their story is distilled . This can be amended at will if the user feels that they are being too boxed in.The end result is more easily managed than stacks of cards and papers . It can also be easily shared with other Dramatica users by distributing files across the internet to each other -LRB- given that version sync is n't an issue -RRB- . It 's like having a collaborator in front of you all the time - if needed - with regard to the structure , but wo n't be of any help with poor prose , prose-style , bad dialogue , lack of motivation or any other essential aspects that the writer would need to know about . A badly written story , which is bang-on structurally , as far as Dramatica is concerned , is not a useful end product . In other words , the user would need to be a decent writer in the first place , using Dramatica as a tool to refine and focus their work , and not regard it an easy way out . It 's not.So bearing that in mind , Dramatica should n't disappoint so long as the user is prepared for the discipline of story writing , in its strictest sense .
 Ok ok ... the title is a bit far fetched ... but I had to use something to get your attention . I was afraid `` The Cure for Writers Block '' just would n't cut it ... But that 's just it . No , it 's not a cure for cancer , but Dramatica has definitely helped me overcome writers block ! I 've tried many different processes to come up with a story to write -LRB- always has been in novel form , this time I 've decided to try to do a screenwrite for a film -RRB- . None of these have worked . The farthest I 've gotten in writing a story was one without an outline many years ago , when I stopped at the middle of the book , not knowing what to do next . The most research I 've ever done on a topic got me nowhere . All that I have printed out and is tucked away in some drawer . Using Dramatica has helped me . Although I only just got into it today , in a matter of hours I have turned the rough idea of a few characters into an entire cast , the rough idea of a theme into a lifelong lesson that everyone will appreciate , and a rough idea of a plot into an entire story . The only part of Dramatica I 've explored is the StoryGuide -LRB- the button that says `` Start Here '' -RRB- . I tried the level one storyguide which gives you approx . 60 questions to answer -LRB- some multiple choice , others a choice of 2 options , and others a text box for you to jot down ideas -RRB- . these questions go in some what of an order , and you can save it and go back and add more to anything . There 's a spot to put a basic outline when you first begin , and later you go back , after answering questions and adding depth -LRB- with this programs help of course -RRB- to your characters , and can revise your outline with more details . Of course you can go back to anything at any time . This is so great for me because I 'm a computer geek who does much better on this old thing than I do with a pad of paper and a pen.My biggest problem is , by far , writers block . This program continues to ask you questions -LRB- which you can skip and come back to -RRB- -LRB- if you dont understand the words they use . . such as protagonist and antagonist . . they have buttons giving brief summaries of their definitions -- big plus ! -RRB- . By asking you so many questions about a number of topics , the writers block seems to go away . So far , I 'm at the point where they help you create scenes . So I have my skeleton and all it needs is some meat and flesh . Then get it reviewed by some of my friends . Then off to the producers . . then the movie theaters!Like I said , I 'm not familliar with all aspects of this program , but this one section . . the query system as they call it . . has really helped me . If anything , I say it 's worth the money just for this one part ...
 Dramatica is a way to organise your thoughts about theme , plot-theme , and characters into a story form as opposed to something that tends towards a story but is really a prose-narrative . Using its own terminology allied to templates , the user is required to fill in a set of questionnaires , which act as the input from which their story is distilled . This can be amended at will if the user feels that they are being too boxed in.The end result is more easily managed than stacks of cards and papers . It can also be easily shared with other Dramatica users by distributing files across the internet to each other -LRB- given that version sync is n't an issue -RRB- . It 's like having a collaborator in front of you all the time - if needed - with regard to the structure , but wo n't be of any help with poor prose , prose-style , bad dialogue , lack of motivation or any other essential aspects that the writer would need to know about . A badly written story , which is bang-on structurally , as far as Dramatica is concerned , is not a useful end product . In other words , the user would need to be a decent writer in the first place , using Dramatica as a tool to refine and focus their work , and not regard it an easy way out . It 's not.So bearing that in mind , Dramatica should n't disappoint so long as the user is prepared for the discipline of story writing , in its strictest sense .
 I agree with the negative reviews that say there is a very steep learning curve here . But if you 're willing to put in the time and work to learn the theory , the payoff is enormous.The Dramatica software uses the Dramatica theory as its logical underpinnings , so you really need to take the time to read the book and understand the theory , otherwise the results you get from the software are just going to be confusing and frustrating . -LRB- A free version of the book is available for download from the dramatica.com website as a PDF file . Be aware that it is an older edition , and some of the terminology has changed in the current edition . But it might be a good place to start , to see if this theory is for you . -RRB- Dramatica is CONTEXTUAL , it is not intended to provide you with a story . Based on how you answer the hundreds of questions the software poses regarding your characters , their motivations , methodologies , relationships , plot points , etc. , the software begins to build a suggested framework -LRB- context -RRB- for your story . Because you can start answering questions anywhere -LRB- you do n't have to start at the top and work down , or vice versa -RRB- , the software will even be sensitive to the priorities you are expressing . For example , if you start by answering questions about your characters , the storyforms that emerge will support a more character-driven framework . If you start with plot elements , a more plot-driven framework will emerge.To demonstrate how Dramatica is contextual , let 's say I want to write a story with a thematic subject of `` forgiveness '' . In this case I would start by answering Dramatica 's Concern class . You wo n't find `` forgiveness '' in the pick list , because what you are looking for here is a CONTEXT from which to tell your story about forgiveness . An obvious Concern for a story dealing with forgiveness would be `` The Past '' . But it could also be `` The Present '' -LRB- how is a lack of forgiveness -LSB- either giving or getting -RSB- affecting us now ? -RRB- or `` The Future '' -LRB- how will forgiveness affect us down the road ? -RRB- or `` Changing One 's Nature '' -LRB- movement from being unforgiving toward being forgiving , or vice versa -RRB- , or `` Memories '' or `` Obtaining '' or in fact any of the Concern items available.Which of these you choose will `` weight '' the storyform that emerges in that direction . The storyform for a Concern of `` The Past '' -LRB- objective view of what happened -RRB- will likely be different from a Concern of `` Memories '' -LRB- subjective view of what happened -RRB- -- although this depends entirely on how you answered subsequent questions after establishing your Concern . If you do n't like the storyform you end up with , you may have not picked the right Concern for your particular priority , or you may need to back up and answer some of the subsequent questions differently.There is a huge learning curve here , but I have been diligent and find Dramatica to be indispensable to my work . Again , I would not attempt to use the software without reading the book first . It will make little sense otherwise .
 This is an awesome piece of software , but it does n't appear to be so when you begin.The first time I opened it , I was aghast at how ugly it was . All of the questions seemed elementary and silly to me and I felt like it was a huge waste of time . I shut it down and walked away from it . Then , about fifteen minutes later I realized what I had done in the short span of time of fiddling around with the program . I 'd added multiple characters to a novel that I 'd been struggling with , added tension and drama , and found ways to get over the problems with it that had been causing my writer 's block.So I opened Dramatica Pro right back up again.I worked on it late into the evening , filling out information on my characters and plot . It was exhausting and irritating at times , and there were a lot of things that did n't apply to my plot . Simply ignoring the aspects that did n't add anything to the novel did n't seem to hurt anything , though , and by having to think about whether or not something DID add something to the novel made me consider things in ways I had n't before . I discovered depth and symbolism and themes I had n't even considered , simply by having to answer question after question after question.When I woke up in the morning , the first thing I wanted to do was get started on the scene by scene breakdown of the novel . On each scene , it reminds you of different aspects of your story and characters . Again , you do n't have to follow the formula they lay out for you . If it does n't make sense to introduce your antagonist in chapter two then simply do n't do it . This is all here for guidance and inspiration , it 's not something written in stone.If you need help working out how character A meets up with character B and they both get to point C , this is the software for you . It does n't answer the questions for you , but it gets you thinking in a way so that you can answer the questions yourself .
 It is so wonderfull because it does n't write a script for you . Dramatica collects your ideas and while it does that you get thousands of new ideas . There 's nothing more because there should n't be . It helped me to think and to give my last screenplay 's characters much more depth than I ever expected and the fascinating thing is that you do all that by yourself . Even if you are a very experienced script writer it can never hurt to run your final draft through Dramatica .
 I was just looking for formatting software when I came across Dramatica Pro and decided it was worth a closer look . I found the demo for the program at write-bros . com , and due to other reviews , also tried the WritePro demo . I found that Dramatica Pro helped me to do all the things I try to remember to do when I 'm putting together a story , and it makes it so much easier to reference , add and change things down the line . I 'd have given this 5 stars if there was a module for character naming and dialogue working . Of course then it would be a total crutch . I emphatically did not like WritePro , I found it much more confining , more like a writing class than a tool to create and work on my own stories . From write-bros . com you can demo Dramatica Pro , Hollywood Screenwriter , Movie Magic Screenwriter , StoryView and Writer 's DreamKit . WritePro you can demo from writepro.com , but they have no demo for FictionMaster which looks like a good program.If you are more the old fashioned type and do n't want or need help creating and writing your stories you can try WriteItNow -LRB- writeitnow.com -RRB- It has a demo too . The CD costs about $ 44 and its bound to be slow , it comes over from the UK . I wish that was available from Amazon.com or Amazon.com.UK but it 's not .
 Dramatica provides a tool to use the most sophisticated story model ever developed . The dramatica model is surprisingly general and adds quite a bit of force to your story without constricting creative freedom . Some structures , like a ladder , provide more freedom , not less , and Dramatica 's structure is like that.If the idea of following the dramatica story model still seems formulaic to you , you are free to tweak it or change it as much as you want , or even use it 's best ideas to form your own model . The point is that a sophisticated model produces a sophisticated story.The software is actually quite easy to use . The hard part is learning the model , because it is quite sophisticated . It will take a few weeks to get it , and probably a couple of tries to make it really work well for you . You can also get help from the community of dramatica users on the internet , who are supportive and friendly.If you 're the kind of author to employ both a creative and analytical side to your craft , you will learn to love this tool . You 'll hate how hard it makes you work , exploring every nook and cranny of your story in new ways , but you 'll love the result as it pushes you into forming characters and plot rich with dramatic tension , thematic development , and thorough development of your story .
 I have used Dramatica for about a year now , but the best way I have found to use it is with StoryCraft Story-Development Software . While Dramatica provides the specific details -- especially about individual characters -- StoryCraft gives me an easier-to-use format that lets me do the actual structuring of my story . I 'd recommend getting both Dramatica and StoryCraft , though StoryCraft is decidedly more affordable . Two outstanding programs ! Thumbs up to both !
 I have heard about Dramatica Pro for years and never touched it . Now , I finally gave in to get the demo -- and stayed up till 3:00 o'clock in the morning ! I could not afford to lose the valuable information it was giving me . For those who know their story ahead of time , great ! Dramatica helps you know it better . I knew my story dealt with the issues of trust and identity . I knew how these things played out . What I did n't know was that about Impact Characters and the total relationships between my themes , my characters , and the action going on . Using Dramatica forced me to answer questions that probed even deeper into my story than I had known how to go . For this alone , I would buy the software . Particularly so I can go to sleep at night and continue in the morning .
 This a well structured and thought-out piece of software that DOES NOT WRITE THE STORY FOR YOU ! Ironically , although based in many ways upon Aristotle 's ` Poetics ' , it brings unique slants and methods to character building , including building deep psychological profiles , a organized story line and focus on the story 's intent . When used with maximum features one is forced to examine the role and purpose of `` every '' character in the proposed story . Have some loose ideas ? Answer a series of questions and a preliminary structure is provided . But there is no requirement to follow it slavishly , it is an aid to creativity , not a substitute . There is no doubt that it is a complex piece of software that trys to introduce new ways of stoy telling and answer the primary question that should be in any writer 's mind , what is this story about ? What `` argument '' is being presented and how is that argument resolved ? I have learned more about writing in learning to use this software than I have in the last 20 years . In addition their website offers a plethora of insight , options and even has the original book behind the concept online and downloadable . This is NOT software for people who are not serious about their writing . what literature means in today 's society , and requires a substantial amount of work to learn and use properly . It integrates with Screenwriter 2000 and Storyview very well , as well as a number of other common story writing and formatting programs . In short , this a product that requies thinking , a serious approach to writing and the willingness to spend time using it and learning a new method of story craftsmenship . I own hundreds of software programs , and this is among those that was worth every bloody cent . But one must always remember , writing is hard work and this software , nor any other software program will NOT do that WORK for you . To expect that by just filling in some templates and characterization forms and then have a `` Story '' written and ready to go is absolute nonsense . If you 're serious about writing , try their demo . I highly recommend this product , but it suited me very well and bought several of their other products . BUT , try the demo , it may not be your cup of tea , or maybe like me you 'll become so stimulated by it 's thought provoking proceses that I would n't write a 3 character , one act play without using it . This is a well thought out and serious system , and has to be approached with that in mind , or in fact it might appear to a waste - but personally , I think that 's the `` writer 's '' fault . Not the program .
 Noticing that quite a few contemporary made-for-TV movies have a distinctive and polished intricacy , suggested this was probably to do with Dramatica , that I had noticed a friend using for a novel-cum-screenplay . So I read the comprehensive manual from her installation , and concluded that this was a good way for me to go , too.Progress was slow to begin with , mostly because one needs to be patient and go through it all , -LRB- a few times -RRB- in good order , to avoid getting mightily confused , since a great deal of the explanation is often another way to convey what is already known - sort of - from many other sources . So it needs to be taken all as a piece to make satisfactory progress.Which makes sense , because the Dramatica application is a self-contained system , with its own terminology , which responds to your accurate and considered input to a set of inter-related questions about the characters , plot , motivations , outcomes , etc. . The accuracy of your answers is an important to the result , so clear thinking has to be applied.I 'm far from hero status with Dramatica , but have found its use to be extremely helpful because it makes me THINK about what I am writing about . It does n't write the piece for me , or box me in , in any way , as others have suggested it does.In conclusion , I am very satisfied with Dramatica and how it has improved my writing . It 's also good to be able to discuss and share files with other users -LRB- internationally -RRB- , who are all pretty much on the same wavelength , which avoids/minimises having to navigate different terminologies and approaches .
 I think that this computer game is a wonderful toy . I think that I would even enjoy it . I think that it is a great toy for younger kids and even older kids and preteens to have . It is for imaginative and creative minds , and you can let the kids have control of something for once . This is a great toy and I recommend anyone who has a young girl to get this for them . They will truely love it !
 I am 13 . This software is great.The most exiting thing for me was it has so many options that you ca n't see at a time . I never bored with it .
 This is an ideal software for any Barbie lover . Create your own world with many design tools . Everything is at your fingertips.First you start off with choosing from doing Barbie or one of her other friends . Then you choose what background you want , from a stage to a pj party . All the choices in this game keep you busy.I have had this game since i was 7 and i still enjoy it now.i definatly recommend buying this for you child , friend , or yourself . I garentee you wo n't regret it .
 This is an ideal software for any Barbie lover . Create your own world with many design tools . Everything is at your fingertips.First you start off with choosing from doing Barbie or one of her other friends . Then you choose what background you want , from a stage to a pj party . All the choices in this game keep you busy.I have had this game since i was 7 and i still enjoy it now.i definatly recommend buying this for you child , friend , or yourself . I garentee you wo n't regret it .
 My daughters really enjoy playing this game , it 's like virtual dress-up . It also has some nice , soft-pop/R & B music that plays in the background , with some uplifting themes for girls .
 This is one of the most compelete product transformations I have seen . Exchange 2000 makes the jump from a mail backbone to a complete collaborative environment for your enterprise . Most notable features include integrated web access , scalable storage , integration with ActiveDirectory for minimal administration . A remarkable product .
 This is by far the best mail server available on the market - the Active Directory integration alone makes this worth the upgrade from Exchange 5.5 . The Outlook Web Client , storage scalability and other enhancements make administration a lot easier for me , and keep my clients happy.Excellent piece of server software in every respect .
 this mail server is great ! i love the web based interface for remote email retrieval
 Appleworks 6.2 has all the features of Microsoft Office and more . For only $ 80.00 it is less than half the price of Office and since it is from Apple it is designed just for your computer .
 Yo installe una vez el windows vista Enterprise upgrade , en mi computadora que no tenia ningun windows instalado , y hasta donde entiendo los DVDs upgrade necesitan tener algun windows anterior como el xp.Estoy equivocado ? por que estoy interesado en instalar windows vista . sin tener ninguna version anterior de windows
 Tarde o temprano todos los usuarios de Windows tendr&aacute;n que emigrar a Vista , y como ya probablemente ustedes habr&aacute;n le&iacute;do bastante de este horroroso sistema operativo , no les voy a llover sobre mojado.Solo tengan en cuenta que si van a armar una computadora de poca memoria Ram y un procesador econ&oacute;mico , la edici&oacute;n B&aacute;sica funciona bien . A mi me va muy bien .
 I think that this software is handy and every woman has to have benefit of it , of course you should have basic information about -LRB- FAM -RRB- to enable you to get a long with the CD , IT 'S WORTH TO GIVE A SHOT . It will worth to purchase it if you already have this book -LRB- TAKING CHARGE OF YOUR FERTILITY -RRB- by TONY WESCHLER , MPH
 I used a version of this software to conceive my darling child in one month . I found it easy to use and chock-full of helpful information . I also recommend that you read the corresponding book , `` Taking Charge of Your Fertility '' to achieve success in getting or preventing preganancy . Best Wishes !
 I bought this software with the accompanying book `` Taking Charge of Your Fertility
 My husband and I have been TTC for 9 months -LRB- with temperature charting and ovulation kits -RRB- but no luck . On our 10th month , we used Ovusoft ... and now I am pregnant ! Anyway , good luck to all !
 This program is simple to use , and gives great details for you to be able to keep track of your fertility cycle . It 's a lot easier than recording by hand , especially since it calculates everything for you - when you ovulated & when you are most likely to ovulate in the future , when you are most likely to have your next period , when to try to get pregnant if you want to have a baby during a certain month , etc. . If you do n't like having to enter your temp . every day , you can record it on paper , and then enter it in the program when you have time . Great product & reasonably priced .
 This is a great program and easy to use . It takes the guesswork out of interpreting temperature readings and other fertility indicators . And best of all , it worked - we got our son .
 I was sick of calendar sheets , colored pencils and a calculator trying to figure out who had custody of the children and when . Kidmate cleared up the confusion for the whole changing family . It is a simple program to use with lots of parenting/visitation plans already programmed and/or the ability to make a custom one . I have three children two of whom are are different schedules , Kidmate handled it all.The judge , the attorneys and even my ex were all pleased with the results . Kidmate gave me both a calendar and a printed report . Now we all know who picks up , who drops off , where the children are and what percentage of time each of us has them . Whoever wrote this knew about the terrible battles that can take place and cleaned up the confusion with a great program . Thanks !
 I 've been practicing family law for over 20 years . One of the biggest and ongoing demands is to try and create a schedule for parents and children that works for everyone . One of my clients recommended Kidmate and it has saved our office hours of negotiations by clearly showing all the details . Court-ready calendars , automatically generated text documents of schedules , percentages , holidays the works . Great easy-to-use program .
 This is a great program for clearly seeing who has the kids and when . In my state you have to know the percentage of time you have your kids in order to calculate your child support obligation . This program saved us all hours of aggravation by calculating their schedule on an easy to read calendar that also printed it out in text form plus it came with `` court ready '' documents . One big huge part of the process made easier.Thanks !
 My attorney did n't even know about this great program . I found it on amazon and it saved my relationship with my ex and my kids . Now everyone knows where they are supposed to be and when . The court knows the percentage of time and the fights over support seem to be over .
 Do n't listen to the nay-sayers , Ableton 's Live is a marvel of modern technology . It 's innovative `` elastic audio '' engine can instantly and intelligently load loops and sounds in tempo . Live makes it easy to walk on stage with nothing more than a handfull of loops and compose music instantly ... impovisationally . I started using Live about two years ago when a friend suggested it . At first I saw it as a DJ tool , but quickly realized the compositonal value it has . With the complete and intuitive MIDI implementation of Live4 , it has edged it 's way even closer to that coveted DAW abbreviation . When i make music on my computer , I use Live as the central program , it 's THAT GOOD.Anyone who would dismiss Live as anything but easy , powerful and intuitive is obviously an amatuer who does n't realize genius when it 's green and white logo pops up on thier screen .
 This has to be the easiest to use audio production program out on the market today . It is so simple to create tracks on the fly , and to edit them is a breeze . If you are wanting to use this program to play live then you can load premade tracks or even just build a track live.You can do almost anything with this program , although it does take a little bit of getting use to , like all audio programs . I would highly recommend this program to people starting out in music production -LRB- this was the first program i used -RRB- , and couple this with the Ableton Live 4 Power book , you will be able to create all most anything . I highly reccommend it to anyone wanting to make music.Happy music making : -RRB-
 The collection includes Macromedia Flash MX , Dreamweaver MX , Fireworks MX , FreeHand , a developer edition of ColdFusion MX Server , they all work great . The only thing I dislike is it does n't come with an complete manual for each program , only a small tutorial book . How could Macromedia expect us to learn without a detailed manual ?
 This is one purchase I do n't regret in the least ! I purchased this software to help continue my education at home and after my completion of the course . Shortly after purchasing the educational version I upgraded to a commercial license so that I could use Studio MX for my new job as an independant web contractor . Not only do I not regret that decision , but every time I use Studio MX I discover yet another reason , if not many reasons why it was the best 800 dollars I ever spent ! I recommend this software to anyone who designs web pages and wants to get into the web design/development business !
 Finding out what my daughter was learning in school made me want to reinforce her learning at home . We choose Arthur because she really likes all the characters in their show . All the activities have three levels of difficulty and will also track the scores . The best part was after accomplishing a few games in each activity my child was awarded a dot to dot certificate , which is now her favorite . She found all the activies very fun and rewarding . She was also very excited when they wished her a happy birthday !
 I bought this for my three year old daughter , and she really loves it . It holds her attention , she learns but it 's while doing fun things and it has repeat value . On MY end , my favorite part is each challenge automatically adjusts the level based on how well your child is doing . You do n't have to go in and change it from , let 's say , level one to 2 . The levels are always listed on the top corner . You can also change it from there if you like by clicking on the level color . She is very good at using the mouse and understanding the computer , but it is very kid friendly . And the challenges are n't too hard where she gets frustrated , as , right now , in the Jumpstart series where you really need to have a better grip of the alphabet , etc. . I definitely recommend it .
 We have found the StudyWorks Mathematics Deluxe to be an invaluable resource to help our kids master core math subjects . One of the most useful features is the ability to plug your own numbers into live equations . We also give the program high ratings on its interactivity . StudyWorks is much more interactive than any other software program that we 've tried . For the price , this is a terrific piece of software for high school students .
 As a parent of four children in middle & high school , I am always searching for products to enhance my children 's education . I came across Mathematics Deluxe at Best Buy . It was the answer to my prayers . Having been a long time since I attended high school , certain math concepts slipped my memory . Mathematics Deluxe helped not only my children , but also myself to brush up on math skills so I could be effective in helping my children with their math homework . I definite buy ! I 'd give it 10 stars if it were an option .
 There are many different mathematics software packages available for use , from the high powered symbolic computation packages to basic tutorials . This is a basic tutorial in pre-algebra through calculus II , and there is enough material here to keep a student busy for a long time . There are several hundred lessons covering the standard material in basic math , algebra , precalculus , geometry , business math , statistics , how to write about mathematics , mathematical games and calculus . Each lesson has a link to a set of problems and that problem set a link to the solutions . Several animation files are also available to demonstrate some of the more complex operations that are difficult or impossible to represent using static images . The company web site contains a large number of online tests that can be taken as many times as desired.There are 21 interviews of people in a wide variety of professions , few of which would leap to mind when you think of using mathematics at your job . Some of the people interviewed are a boat builder , personal trainer , triathlete , triage nurse and furniture restorer . The wide spectrum of applications that they have for mathematics is a powerful argument in favor of how important it is to learn mathematics . Links to the interviews are included in the lessons where appropriate.In terms of the quality of the lessons , they are very good , but not outstanding . While there will no doubt be times when a student will need the assistance of a human , in general it would be possible for the motivated person to learn using only these lessons . Instructors can easily incorporate the use of this package into their courses as a supplemental learning tool.The package also contains a textpad that can be used to perform basic computations . Somewhat difficult to learn at first , it was necessary for me to consult the animated tutorials before I was able to use it . Nevertheless , it is straightforward to use and has a look-and-feel that is much like Microsoft Word.This is a package that covers at least four years of mathematics . It is noted as being the best-selling high school mathematics package in the United States and from what I have seen , there is ample reason to believe it . There is also a good deal of material that college instructors will find of value.Published in Mathematics and Computer Education , reprinted with permission .
 This product is great for serious math learning . There are too many educational products our there that are too `` gamey '' . Middle School Deluxe is a great resource to have in the house especially when my kids are doing their homework . We use it as a math encyclopedia
 She 's good , consistent , and always supportive . Mavis Beacon has been around for years and she is still the best one out there . I have n't gotten far in the software , but , already , I am typing without looking down ! Crazy !! There are time trials and other fun games . All of this reflects on your score and you can print out a certificate afterwards . This is perfect for anyone who wants to brush up on their typing skills with a little fun and challenge mixed in .
 I purchased both the Science Deluxe & the Mathematics Deluxe , and I am highly impressed ! This is the best educational software I have ever used.I have been using StudyWorks ! to teach myself higher mathematics & science , so I really like the textbook format.However , I think that the Science program needs to have tests & quizzes , like the Math program does.If StudyWorks had software on other subjects , such as English Grammer & Composition , History , World Geography , etc. . I would buy them sight unseen .
 Disclaimer
 This is not really educational software in the tutorial sense . Many people expecting it to be so have been cruelly disappointed , and the pans one reads for this and Mathematics Deluxe are usually from these folks . On the other hand , if you already understand the math and know what you want to do by way of calculation , your salvation is at hand . This is the no-longer-supported student version of MathCad , and it does everything one is likely to need to do right through college as a science or engineering major . It is extremely WYSIWYG , and has a reasonably gentle learning curve . By invoking it from a command line with a '' / a '' command following the program specification , one can bring it up in a mode that permits the insertion of collapsible areas in a worksheet , and thus construct a template containing useful functions and definitions for vector algebra calculations . The only things not available in StudyWorks compared to MathCad are the ability to do symbolic calculation , and to build complex procedures -LRB- programming -RRB- . But these are not things typically needed by undergraduates . For more demanding users , MathCad is available from PTC at a reasonable academic price , in fact cheap for what you get .
 Before getting the ACDsee Photo Editor , I downloaded several well-rated free photo editors and read many reviews on the Corel and Adobe Photo Editors . I needed a lot more help than what was provided with the free photo editors , and just reading about layers , etc. , with the Adobe and Corel photo editors made my eyes cross . Then by chance I found a review of the ACDsee Photo Editor by a person who had used the Corel photo editor for years but was switching to ACDsee because it was a lot simpler to work with but produced the same results.I have been using the ACDsee photo editor for several weeks and it has made my picture taking much more enjoyable . I am removing distractions , like a branch I did n't see when I took the picture , brightening the colors on photos washed out by the intense sun where I live in the Dominican Republic , and generally improving the photos that I take.What is so great about this photo editor is the help section . There is virtually no learning time since the helps are numerous and easy to understand and can be followed step by step as you work on your photo.I highly recommend this photo editor to anyone getting their first photo editor , and to anyone confused about how to use another photo editor . You do not have to be technically advanced to produce great pictures if you have the ACDsee photo editor .
 After trying out various software photo editors for digital scrapbooking , I found the easiest one to use is ACDSee 's Photo Editor software . It does n't have the huge learning curve that other photo editor software has , but it has the features that I need for digital scrapbooking.One of the great features that I have fought with in other photo editing software is text on a path . Every time I wanted to do it in other photo editors , I had to go find the help or tutorial . In ACDSee Photo Editor , I type in my text , select the text , click Path and I choose the basic path I want . From there , I can move it , stretch it , rotate it to get it exactly how I want it to go . So much easier than other software ... In Photo Editor , tasks such as cropping photos , fixing redeye , & resizing photos are all straightforward & quickly done.Image basket is handy to have all the images that you are going to use in your digital scrapbook layout.This is excellent software for digital scrapbooking to achieve phenomenal results without using professional photo editing software . Photo Editor is straightforward to use & does n't have the high learning curve that Paint Shop Pro & Photo Shop products have that causes so much frustration . This results in more productive time creating scrapbook pages and less time trying to figure out how to specific tasks
 ACDSee Photo Editor delivers full editing capabilities much easier to use and at half the price as its closest competition.The Software is supported by great tutorials and Web advice.It practically runs itself as if on auto-pilot . Highly recommended .
 Very easy to use.I use this program almost 99 % of my PP.Highly recomended
 Got this for my wife and she likes being able to make her own wallpaper , cards , et cetera . She really likes the versatility of the product . In her words , `` It is just so much more then a photo editor ! '' She said she still has allot to learn and get into with the software , but so far it is very good ! Ca n't see that changing , but the jury is still out .
 Very good software product I would recommend this product to anyone I know.The best thing about it is that it still comes on media not downloads .
 My wife and I have tried quite a few photo organizers , most recently including Picasa and Photoshop Elements 5 . Picasa is wonderfully simple and stable , but it ca n't manage photos on DVD/CD , which makes it pretty much useless for those of us with more photos than we care to risk on a single hard disk . Do n't even try loading more than 5000 photos into PSE5 ; the wait you 'll suffer to have it start up each session will make you old fast , and I have a modern , fast PC with lots of RAM . Too bad that Adobe still appears to be denying this problem exists , even though a lot of people appear to be suffering from it.Well , we have 50,000 + images and videos of various sizes , collected on a lot of DVDs . PSE5 was really packed with nice features and appeared pretty stable , but I could n't take the 20-30 minute wait to load the program each time I wanted to use it . -LRB- It loads like lightning with less than 5000 photos . -RRB- I Googled up a few other tools , and ACDSee seemed to be the best fit for our collection.ACDSee 9 , aside from the odd name , has been lightning-fast and easily manages all of my photos and videos . It has lots and lots of organizing features and pays special attention to archiving and backing up its database , which is wonderful . The user interface is a bit technical and not overly user-friendly , but the features are worth the extra effort . The included help is marginal , at best . -LSB- ... -RSB- The editing tools in ACDSee 9 are n't Earth-shattering , but they are good for modest editing . The editing tools in PSE5 are fantastic , as would be expected from Adobe . Since I got snookered into purchasing PSE5 , I use ACDSee for the organizing and PSE5 for the editing , disabling the organizer function in PSE5.Stability is n't bad , but it could be better . The program does n't appear to crash during heavy use -LRB- in the middle of something important , for example -RRB- , but I have received the occasional `` Unexpected error '' shutdown notice shortly after attempting to close the program . Either way , my data has never been compromised due to a crash , and even if a problem came up , ACDSee includes strong database opimizing and repair tools to get things back up and running . PSE5 crashed its share of times too , and do n't think it was easy to recover , believe me.Overall , a strong product and the best value for the dollar , in my humble opinion .
 This is outstanding software for organizing photos & quickly working with them . For example , one can move thru photos cropping , fixing red eye & exposure in a slide show manner.The cool thing about Photo Manager is that it shows the file tree like in Windows Explorer ! It also finds duplicate files & helps sort & organize them out . I like how it prevents me from overwriting files with the same name.And as a digital scrapbooker - this software is preferred over Adobe 's organizer and Picassa . Searching is very fast - and categorizing items is very easy . It views over 50 file types including jpeg , png , tiff & fonts . And you can make offline photo discs & search & view the thumbnails even when the disc is n't in your computer ! A great feature if you need to free up hard drive space.Photo Manager also creates a Slideshow CD with music that can be played on any computer with CD/DVD player . What a great gift idea ! You can also create an HTML album and publish it on the internet to share with family & friends online.I highly recommend Photo Manager if you work with a lot of photos or digital scrapbooking supplies . I set it up on my parent 's computer so that my mom can download her digital photos & delete the memory card in one click ! It 's easy to use with straightforward help instructions .
 I have used ACDSee photo products for years . I remember when it came outand it was not as popular as it is today . My family are photo takers , especially my parents . At holidays you would think you were some type of movie star . So thanks to the ease in this photo program , I am making a history tree of my family . I can take an old photo of my grandparents and ACDSee will help you fix whatever is needed to `` fix '' the shot . With this program it has a great tutorial section that explains how to use all their features . Some I did not know how to use ! Expansion without getting blur , cropping , fixing those `` red eyes '' on most candid shots , can resize and move the picture around to where you like it . This is a great program for the expert or beginner . Its spelled out very nicely . Amazon services was always second to none with no disappointing dates on delivery !
 I have used multiple photo organizers in trying manage my digital kits that I digitally scrapbook with along with my personal photos . This is the first one that I found that can do many of the things that I require it to do.I have many digital kits -LRB- were talking Gigs worth of data -RRB- and ACDSee Photomanager 9 can handle it and FAST . It does n't bog down my computer or crash unlike the previous photo managers that I have used -LRB- Adobe & Corel . -RRB- It allows me to categorize the kits with my own categories that I have created to match digital scrapbooking kits . It allows me to view my thumbnails of data that I have offline -LRB- on CD 's or a currently unattached external hard drive . -RRB- Once your collection is organized , the searching capabilities are outstanding.I have even started to use it to replace my windows explorer since so much of the information that I need to access is in image formats . If it is n't in an image format , ACDSee lets whatever program windows has assigned to that type of file start.It is a very powerful , flexible tool and I keep discovering new features and uses for it .
 Best photo manager I have ever used . Deleted the many others on my computer that almost any program you install adds their version -LRB- and then tries to take over -RRB- . Worst I ever had was the Kodak photo manager , next worst was HP 's .
 The best . Easiest of use . Reasonable price . Fast . Sorts and presents 100 's of files in seconds . I 've been using ACDSEE of many years . This is the best without a question .
 My pc crashed and took this program with it . I 'm hoping to reinstall it when my pc gets repaired . Meanwhile , I am putting in a lot of hours learning Photomatix and Mac at the same time . I appreciate this program more now that I ca n't use it . I miss using it and saving time most of all . Using it was a breeze .
 I was looking for a simple , easy to use program to download and edit pictures from the family cameras . This program was recommended by a friend and is well worth the reasonable price . It 's not going to do everything PhotoShop does , but it 's also a lot less expensive and much easier to use . This software is so user friendly that I finally do n't want to fight against digital photography . Plus it helped organize the photos on our hard drive . Not to mention , ACDSee is far better than trying to struggle with the dreadful software that came with our cameras .
 I absolutely love this product . So easy , convenient . I dislike Kodak and have used others . This is a wonderful product .
 I 'm not a pastor but needed a bible study product for help in my school work and leading a bible study . QuickVerse was amazingly easy to learn to use and incredibly quick . The design of it is intuitive . Pastors could easily use this as well as it contains books etc. . . that pastors use quite a bit -LRB- such as word study books for researching the Hebrew , Greek and Aramaic meaning -RRB- . I highly recommend . Try it and you wo n't be sorry .
 I was very excited at how much this was like my original Picture It of 2000 . It lets me do just about the same things and I am so happy to finally find this disc . It is easier than all the other very hard to understand programs . Thank you -LSB- ASIN : B000MUK7AQ Microsoft Works Suite 2001
 Received the item fast , needed it to complet a project for christmas . It saved christmas and was able to get the project done . Thank You so Much
 Useful product , does n't have all the bells and whistles that the newer version has but is great for that old computer or laptop that you use as back up .
 Older version cad program that is full featured for 2-d drawing . Fills the need of my small manufacturing company .
 We received the product in a timely fashion and it was just what we wanted and needed
 I have been using Norton internet security version 3.0 for the past three months . The program consists of three main software applications
 Norton Internet Security 2001 v3 .0 is a must have for cable/dsl subscribers . The install was smooth and user friendly . The Antivirus works seamlessly in the background , along with the firewall utility . A definite buy , hands down !
 NIS 2001 3.0 is probably the best edition I 've seen . It has an easy user interface and it has protected from countless viruses . It also helps me prevent hungry neophyte port probing teenagers with bad attitudes . It is definitely a must have for / Kazaa users . If you plan on getting a security program for your home pc , make this the one .
 I like NIS very much . Though I love Black Ice also , I haveNIS running on several of the PCs I use because I like the idea of having virus protection and firewall/network security inthe same package . It is becoming easier and easier to configure , and I believe that it has gotten to the place where the average consumer can deal with it well . If you are a real dunce about computers you may want to get the help of a friendwhen you install it , just so that you feel more confident , but this product is steadily improving .
 Well , let 's see ... I 've been a major Norton software fan since the late 60 's ... okay at least since I bought my 286 many years ago . Now I have a 1.4 GHz Pentium III running Windows ME , and I 'm getting errors and lockups all over the place . I do n't think I should blame Norton for this one as I think it 's an `` ME '' issue , but turning off Norton often solves the problems . So , my advice ? If you 've got Windows ME , do n't mix it with Norton Internet Security 2001 .
 It wo n't happen to me is exactly what i thought . I am very careful ! But there are mean people out there my friend , i dont ' know why -- but there are ... And this provides you with excellent protection from some of their destructive antics ! Provides excellent proetection from viruses and other internet attacks . If you have been attacked before , you know its necessary . And you probably have been attacked before and just did n't know that 's why your computer was messing up ! Get this program and you can be assured you will be safer !
 I have been using Norton Internet Security for two years now and I am very happy with it . The installation was pretty painless , and the configuration is fairly simple . If you want you can just select `` High-Medium-Low '' type settings or you can go into the advanced sections and tweak the firewall to your hearts content.The reason I selected this over other firewall products are the extras
 Having had a previous version of Norton Internet Security , I love the ease of use of this version and the ability it has to keep you informed of just what it is doing . I do wish that it would be more infromative as in just exactly it is blocking and from where , but it does give you peace of mind . More importantly it also protects your kids from objectionable web sites . I would definitely recommend it to anyone thinking about buying this type of software .
 I could n't imagine not having this program when you have children surfing on the web . If you are not sure , then pull up some questionable websites before you have this program . This program will give you the peace of mind that a parent needs by blocking all the sites you do n't want . Remember when the book stores always had Playboy behind a counter for adults only to buy ? This program puts these sites ` behind the counter ' because our children are not adults .
 As other reviewers have noted , this software is easy to install and use . It also is helpful in the way that it guides you through setting the levels of security that are appropriate for you and your family . The update process is also very straightforward . I 've been using it for a couple months now and have been very pleased.Yesterday , however , I was pleased in a new way . For some reason others on the internet made repeated , concentrated efforts to hack my computer . In the period of one half hour , there were close to 2,000 attempts made , and this software blocked them out . It also provided a text-format log file which I was able to forward to my ISP .
 Good video , teaches how to read music
 Watch and learn from Tim Wimer . The instruction DVD assists an instructor in teaching the art of playing the drums , reading beats , stick techniques and rudiments of drumming . I like the music that allows student to play with recorded musicians to develop an ear and feel to play with a rhythm section . Tim also has an audio only version of this product . He 's good.Taught students for a few years using this book as a supplement to playing other various styles of music . Students like to play their own stuff eventually , but this gives them some drills & lessons to assist them develop as drummers.AGS
 I got this dvd with my drum set and thought that it would n't be able to teach me anything , but within a few days I was able to start playing some drum music , and was able to move on to more advanced learning . I think that Tim is a great instructor and really goes in depth with his teaching . I definitly recommend this dvd to the beginning drummer .
 My daughters both learned a lot with this program -LRB- they were 5 and 7 years old -RRB- , and my oldest ended up way ahead of her classmates the following year in Languages . The program 's interface is kid-friendly and the exercises really make learning to speak Spanish fun . This is the best program I 've owned for teaching children a language .
 I own this software and have to say it DOES work.First , after you install it , you have to download the new drive update if necessary -LRB- which I needed -RRB- , second , make sure you install the latest updates from their website -LRB- I did n't need to since my version was the latest -RRB- and most importantly if you have Roxio Easy CD Creator in your system , you will have to remove it in order for Instant Photo Album to work . Somehow these 2 programs do not get along . I learned that from Pinnacle 's website and once I removed Roxio , Instant Photo Album worked and burned fine.I made a few dvd slide shows and so far I 've been lucky . Also a friend of mine who owns it was having the same problem , once he removed Roxio he had no problems burning his slide shows.I do n't know why some people have problems I guess me and my friend were lucky.I also own Pinnacle Expression to burn my home videos onto dvd and never had a problem ... so far!Now I 'll be buying Pinnacle 's Intant CD/DVD and give it a shot .
 This one is an oldie but a goodie . Cheap and straight to the point . Yea I made a Photo album , a really nice one and I like it a lot .
 OK the front end is a little busy and yeah there are some prominent financial institutions not recognized -LRB- CapitalOne and Bank of America -RRB- but I 've had no problems with bugs or crashes . After an install on a W98se box , that was flawless , I immediately downloaded the latest update and patches . What can I say ? It works just fine .
 I purchased Quicken 2004 to convert Q2000 to Q2013 . I am a procrastinator . Q2004 did the job of being an intermediate conversion . It kept all my data . I felt it was a little expensive at $ 30 for a one hour conversion . That is the price I pay for waiting 13 years to update .
 I also wrote a review under the Quicken 2004 Deluxe section but this is actually the version I am using so I wanted to make a few more comments to help out anyone looking to upgrade from earlier versions . The 2004 Premier Home & Business version is basically the same as the Deluxe version but has some more business and stock features added . As I said in my other review about Deluxe 2004 the new 2004 interface does take some getting used to but as you use it more you should find it to be actually a much more efficient program to use . I zip in and out of the program quicker and I spend much less time trying to get things done . For example the online account updating is far more stable and easier to use than my experience with previous versions . I went all out and I simply upgraded to the 2004 version without uninsalling my Quicken 2002 Home & Business version as some other reviewers have done . After several months of using the new 2004 version I honestly have not had a single problem with it . Since I have read so many incredibly negative reviews of the new 2004 version let me repeat one more time that I have not had a single problem with this program since installing it . The only thing I found that annoys me was that several simple features or options are missing in 2004 version that existed in 2002 such as being able to turn of the opening tune without turning off all the sounds and being able to have a different color for each of the accounts . On the posative side the 2004 opens up quickly and instantly and the online one step update works perfectly for me.My recommendation is that you back up all your Quicken data files on a separate disk before you do anything . It does take time to adjust to the look and feel of the new interface but I really like it now that I am used to it . For your reference I am using Windows XP Pro SP1 with all the Microsoft online updates installed . If you are using an earlier version of Windows you might want to test 2004 out before you completely migrate it . If not running Windows XP you will want to make sure 2004 works ok for you since some other reviewers have said they experienced some issues . When Intuit adds those extra features I liked in 2002 I will be happy to give it a 5 out of 5 star rating . Finally , I highly recommend you give this new 2004 product a try regardless of what you have read by some of the other reviewers . Just back all your data files up and make sure you have your previous Quicken version disks if for some reason you decide you want to reinstall your older version .
 This is first time I have used Quicken , and I am impressed with the sophistication of the software . It is very cool . Balancing my check book is easier then I thought , as well as , updating my investment portfilio . I did have to upgrade to a preffered online bank account to get automatic updates though . That cost about $ 3/month , but worth it . For my bank , online bill pay is another $ 3 more for 10 bills per month . Some investment accounts will not download to your quicken but the quotes will . Also , you definetly need to read Quicken 2004 for Dummies . It can take about 20 some hours to learn the majority of the programs with the book . I would n't even try without it . Once you learn it , if you have the time , it is worth it . At least so far for me . I just put in about 20 plus hours with it so far , and I have n't done too much on the business side , such as payroll . Good luck .
 With all the complaints , I was a bit reluctant to purchase the 2004 version of Quicken . However , since I was still on 2001 , I decided to bite the bullet . While the interface is disappointing and there really is n't anything new or improved , the product works well . Next time I purchase an upgrade , though , I probably wo n't need the business portion and , seen as how Intuit never really adds any features of importance , I 'll settle for Quicken basic . There 's really no point is paying for stuff you can get elsewhere for free - like investment analysis .
 I 've been using Quicken 2001 for quite a while , and decided it was time to upgrade and also get the Business version.I 'm currently running Q2004PHB on a 333MHz Laptop with 128MB of RAM . Not exactly top of the line anymore , but the program performs just fine . Takes about 20 seconds to load -LRB- includes time to enter password -RRB- , but then again , I only got about 3 months worth of data available.The interface is very different from the older versions , and yes , there are ads for Quicken products throughout the various screens -LRB- special buttons for Quicken Credit Cards , etc -RRB- . I like the new interface . The colors are good to the eyes , yet there is enough contrast so that all text are easy to read.Someone mentioned it was buggy ; I have yet to come across any problems with this program , but I wo n't claim it 's bug free . However , there are numerous errors in the help system , which refers you to menu options that does n't exist ... If you 're a few versions behind , and you think you may want to upgrade , this is not a bad upgrade to make . It 's a little different , so there may be some transitional difficulties getting used to the new interface , but most of the usual stuff -LRB- registers -RRB- works the same way ...
 Carrara 3 is a very powerful modeler , renderer , and animator rolled all into one . In recent years there has been a great deal of competition for 3D Studio Max , the top of the line from low end software packages such as TrueSpace 4 and Carrara 3 . Brand new these low end competitors can cost hundreds of dollars , but this is compared to the thousands of dollars that high end tools like 3D Studio Max and Maya cost.Now I am reviewing Cararra 3 , an older version of this series . Daz / Eovia or whatever they are called these days , I think are up to version Carrara 6 or 7 now . This version , version 3 , costs only about $ 60 to $ 80 in most places , but do n't be fooled by its cheap price and the fact that it is an older piece of software . This software will have more firepower than probably most people will ever need for most tasks whether it be for animating , 3D art , or whatever.My favorite modeler is TrueSpace 4 , which I have reviewed in this forum . But Cararra 3 has some definite charms of its own and I have begun to like all my modelers for their strengths as I have begun to do some serious modeling . Cararra 3 definitely has its merits.Carrara 3 is laid out where you do all your activities in various `` rooms '' . For those of you who are familiar with the layout of Poser 5 -LRB- the 3D human character application -- which I also review in this forum -RRB- or any other Poser application , the layout of Carrara will be familiar . -LRB- In fact , the same people who created the interface for Carrara also did Poser . -RRB- There is an arrangement room where you do all you placement of all your 3D objects that you have created , there is a spline modeler room , vertex modeling room , metaball room , render room and animation room.The arrangement room is where you set up your scene . You can insert basic primitives -LRB- cube , sphere , cone , cylinder , icosahedron , planes -RRB- into the scene and after you have modeled other objects they can be positioned in this room . Basic primitives can be deformed and edited , but not directly , you must convert them to vertex modeler format , but the vertex modeler room already has the same primitives that can be modeled , so you do n`t really need to use the basic primitives in the assembly room for modeling . Actually the basic primitives in the assembly room are n't meant to be edited or modified -LRB- although you can if you convert them -RRB- , they are just meant as being used for very basic modeling.Carrara 3 has an excellent spline modeler . Basically what it does is that you can draw two dimensional shapes on a plane or a series of planes to create a three dimensional shape . I have only begun to learn how to use this powerful tool , but I have already managed to create a park bench with it . Low polygon organic shapes can be easily created with the spline modeler and inorganic objects with soft curved contours.The vertex modeler supports all the basic modeling techniques used in all 3D modelers . Extrusion is supported -LRB- both direct and path -RRB- , deformation , welding of vertices , Boolean operations . You can take objects created in the spline modeler and convert them and edit them further in the vertex modeler -LRB- but you ca n't convert it back ! -RRB- . I like the variety of tessellation and triangulation techniques supported by this modeler as opposed to my TrueSpace modeler.There are also various specialized tools and elements supported in Carrara 3 . You can create text , both in the assembly room and in the spline modeler . The text objects work differently in both rooms . The text objects in the spline modeler for example can be modified and shaped using spline modeling techniques in the spline modeling room.In Carrara 3 you can create environmental primitives such as fire , smoke , clouds , fog , etc and particle systems.Carrara also has a tree modeler and a terrain modeler . Although a modeler can create these without these special tools , these tools are there to make the job easier . Beware though of the tree modeler . It can create easily very high polygon count objects that can slow down a system to a crawl.Carrara 3 supports metaballs in the metaball room . They are pretty much like metaballs anywhere . This is essentially a kind of virtual putty which have the property that the closer you bring them together , the more they begin to blend together into a single shape . There are negative metaballs to create recesses or smooth depressions in a positive metaball surface . These can be used to create organic shapes.Cararra also supports sudivision surfaces with control meshes , somewhat like TrueSpace 4 NURBS to create organic shapes.There is a good key frame editor in Carrara . And you can animate using storyboard technique or by directly key framing.You can animate virtually anything in Carrara . You can animate metaball objects , spline objects , subdivision objects , vertex objects , lights , colors , shaders . You can animate with paths , and make settings for objects to behave according to the laws of physics . In addition , `` bones '' are also supported which will allow you to create skeletons for robots and organic creatures to make them move realistically . Special modifier tools exist too that can be animated -LRB- such as if you want to stretch an object like a rubber band , or to bulge an object -RRB- . Carrara has an extensive shader library which will allow you to texture and color anything to make it look like anything you can imagine . The shaders can become quite complex and Carrara supports and unlimited number of layers of shaders.You can manipulate lights and create a variety of light types including bulb , sun , spot lights , ambient , shaped lights . There is also an anything glows light where you can make any object a luminous object . Want a glowing cube ? Select it apply an anything glows setting to it and it will glow and give off light into the 3D environment.Carrara 3 has an excellent renderer . This render engine has something closest to photo realism that you can come to for a low end and older renderer . The renderer supports lens flares , caustics -LRB- light passing through a magnifying glass and being seen reflected on an object behind it is an example -RRB- , volumetric lighting -LRB- the fingers of light through the trees on a hazy morning is an example -RRB- , radiosity -LRB- light as it bounces around in an environment -- also referred to as ambient light -RRB- , atmospheric or sky light . It also supports non photorealistic renderers as well . Want a scene to resemble a painting by a great French or Italian master ? Carrara can do it.Carrara also has environment settings in which you can simulate the conditions of the atmosphere on earth . It actually has a sky , that can be animated , with clouds and sun and moon.This is just a sampling of all of its features . But in this review , I have highlighted the most important features that it has.And as a bonus , this software comes bundled with another modeler and animator called Amapi 5 -LRB- I now have an in depth review under the listing of Amapi 5 -RRB- . It is not as powerful as Cararra 3 or even TrueSpace 4 , but it has great modeling tools as a wonderful complement to my other 3D modelers . I especially love its hull and surfacing tools and its double sweeping tool , and its extrusion tools.I like Amapi 5 because its interface is similar to TrueSpace 4 . It uses a full screen interface rather than a viewport screen as Carrara 3 does . The only bad thing about Amapi 's inteface is that the view port has some limited movement , if you want to move completely freely in Amapi space you have to create a camera and move it how you like.It has a library of shaders all its own and a supports virtually unlimited multiple layers . But I do n't think it supports full animation of shaders . There may be some limited animation capability however , but I do n't think it supports roto scoping , that is playing a movie within a movie or using a video as a animated texture.It also does n't support `` bones '' for character animation.It also has a limited selection of types of lights and its renderer does n't support things like lens flares , caustics , volumetrics.But Amapi 5 supports true NURBS . You can create objects in one of two modes in Amapi 5 , polygon , and NURBS . Unlike TrueSpace 4 NURBS , true NURBS uses spline curves to draw objects . If you read my review on TrueSpace 4 , you would know that TrueSpace NURBS is actually a kind of subdivision technique . Amapi uses true NURBS for drawing NURBS objects . It basically uses an internal mathematical operation to calculate curves in 3D space resulting in smoother objects.My criticisms of Cararra 3 are more based on my matter of preference . I guess you can tell I prefer the full screen editing interface . Although I have learned to work with Carrara 's style of interface , I like TrueSpace and Amapi better . One other thing I do dislike about Carrara is having to switch from room to room when creating and modeling and then you really ca n`t see how it looks in the assembly room . Yes , you do have a small viewport on the lower right of your screen which helps you see what is going on in the assembly room as you modify the object , but if you are working on small details it is hard to see until you go to the main viewport in your assembly room . In TrueSpace and Amapi you do all your modeling/modifications in the same environment . But one disadvantage to this style of modeling is that it becomes easier to model or modify the wrong object by mistake . But I prefer the same area modeling because I can switch back and forth between objects as I like and I can see how the modification to the object I am working on works in relation to the other objects in the scene . If for example , I have a car crashing into another creating a dent in the other car , it is awfully inconvenient to switch to another `` room '' to deform the car being hit and then switch back to see if you deformed in just the right area.But all in all , with this bundled package you have incredible power . This is professional level software , but you do n`t pay professional level price .
 Great product . Even though I have an old computer , Carrara Studio 3 renders quickly . Steep learning curve but product runs smoothly . Definitely need a good manual . I recommend The Carrara Studio 3 Handbook by De La Flor . The book that comes with the product basically tells you what each feature is , not how to use the features . The objects I have developed came out awesome and easily port to other products like Bryce and Poser . I 'm very excited about the UVMapper feature , although I have n't used it yet it 's why I bought Carrara 3 . I used to work with Carrara 2 . 3 runs better . I highly recommend this product and the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is lack of good how to manuals . Thank you Clearancenter and Amazon !
 Seeking a 3D software application as my first 3D animation tool , I researched many forums and web sites . Carrara Studio 3 was mentioned in several as a `` user friendly '' and easy to use package . After using it for about a month , I agree wholeheartedly . It has a crisp , visually appealing interface , it includes not only a modeler as part of CS3 , but the CD includes a full free version of another Eovia product , Amapi -LRB- for the record , the free version is 2 versions older than the current -RRB- . CS3 has a very nice rendering engine ; it may not be the `` best '' or fastest but it is still very good . It includes many built-in templates that let you start creating 3D material almost immediately . By now I also own another 3D package , and have tried many others , but for easy , enjoyable , and quick 3D images I ca n't beat CS3 . And the price is unbelievably low.I hesitated about giving it 5 stars , but for a starter package it deserves 5 stars .
 This is a great software to start your career in 3D modeling and animation . Really good for people that do n't know the first thing about 3D . I 'd recomend the carrara 3 handbook by Mike dela Flor .
 I do n't know what it is about these folks , but they have got the lock on putting together the perfect software instruction packages . Their instructional materials present complicated processes and ideas in ways that neither talk down to the computer literate , nor talk way over the heads of novices . God bless 'em . I started learning how to build webpages by working my way through this series of lessons , and in two days I went from knowing literally nothing about Dreamweaver , or really about building sites in general , to being able to put together a pretty decent site . Like all things software , practice and repetition will make you a pro , but this is how it started for me . My success with this program led me to purchase their Flash tutorial , and eventually I became a subscriber to -LSB- ... -RSB- online tutorial library , which offers top-quality instruction on dozens and dozens of software titles at a very reasonable price . I love it .
 I admit that I was put off by the reviews here , so I checked with Intuit 's free , responsive online chat to ask some questions before buying . They had answers to my concerns , so I ordered . It turns out that none of the problems affected me . My January version may be more stable -LRB- release 3 -RRB- , or it 's because I validated my old Quicken 2002 data file before upgrading -LRB- Validation is a file operation under the File menu that fixes errors -RRB- . But I 'm loving this version . The interface is different , but must be more intuitive because I 've figured it out without consulting `` Help '' . 401K 's are a breeze to track now , my small hometown bank works online with this version , investments and performance are better tracked . Overall , it takes me less work and gives me a better picture - and no bugs yet after 2 weeks of power-using . Validate and backup your file 1st , then give Q2004 a try .
 I was hesitant to buy the product because of all the negative comments . I upgraded from Quicken 98 and it 's been a pleasant experience . It was time for me to upgrade . I did n't like having to pay $ 50 for only minor new features . I bought a 2004 copy of the Premier Home and Business for only $ 18 . Strangely , people are charging $ 45 for a 2004 Premier . For $ 27 less you get Home and Business . The upgrade is well worth it if you are still using a very old copy of Quicken.The major problem with the software is the `` exclude internal tranfer '' bug . It is difficult/impossible to create useful reports when you ca n't exclude internal transfer . For instance , if I transfer money from my checking account to savings account then it shows up as a transaction on my cash flow report . Quicken knows about the problem but force you to buy the latest version of software to get the fix -LRB- and I 'm afraid that they 've created other bugs -RRB- .
 I bought Microsoft Money a week ago because of the reviews here and had nothing but problems with it . Would n't even connect to my E * Trade account or bank account , only Fidelity . Fidelity had no problem connecting to the E * Trade account and bank account but Microsoft 's answer is it was E * Trades problem . Sorry , but I write software for a living , immediately dumped it and downloaded Quicken 2004 Premier . Have had no problems with it running on Windows XP SP1 , was all setup and connecting to all my accounts in less than an hour !
 I was afraid to purchase the upgrade -LRB- from Q99 -RRB- , because of a bad experience upgrading a few years ago and because of the many negative reviews Q2004 has generated . I did it because I had n't really found a better option -LRB- Reeally ! and Portfolio Record Keeper just did n't have many of the features I was used to in Quicken -RRB- . Quicken 's 60 day money back return policy was enough to convince me to give it a try.I consider myself a fairly proficient user , having used Quicken for 11 + years , although I have used Quicken primarily for investment tracking -- not the banking and expense tracking features . Overall , the conversion went better than expected . I encourage everyone to take some time to back up the old version of Quicken data files and use the Custom install option to preserve the old version of the Quicken program . That way it is easy to hop back and forth between the old and new versions for easy data verification . At a minimum , run a couple of reports from the old version , so you are able to verify account balances just to be safe.I did have a handful of items that appeared incorrect . I had the opportunity to use the Quicken Chat support . They are helpful -LRB- and free -RRB- , for basic installation questions only . They will not handle any data issues at all and will refer you to their phone support . I decided to bite the bullet and call them -LRB- hoping desperately I would n't get charged -RRB- , and when I explained that I had some discrepancies with my account balances right after converting , they spent more than a half an hour with me on the phone and did n't even ask for my credit card number . The issues really turned out to be reinitializing some reporting views that copied over from my old Quicken , as well as them providing clarification of how the new Quicken handles certain investment particulars . Bottom line
 I have used Quicken since the DOS days and this is the best version yet . There were absolutely no problems with my upgrade from Premier 2003 . Contrary to what others have posted , the program does not require your data to-be-posted on Quicken.com ; it merely makes it convenient to do so . You have the option to opt out.I reviewed Money Deluxe 2004 prior to my purchase of Premier 2004 because I kept hearing how `` clean '' and `` user friendly '' Money was . Well , in my opinion , Premier easily wins because accounts are no more than one click away -LRB- they are all listed on the side of the screen -RRB- and Premier remembers what screen was displayed the last time you were there.Money makes more use of a browser methodology where you can go back/forwards to where you were but this is n't as intuitive and also does not make use of screen tabs like Premier does.I have not had any stability issues with 2004 and this version corrected a bug I had in 2003 that caused 2003 to crash.Finally , the Investing Center has nice improvements like MorningStar ratings for mutual funds build into the program as well as portfolio and stock comparisions to market indexes.Anyway , I 'm happy with Premier 2004 .
 After losing data when upgrading to Quicken 2001 and getting a `` Too Bad '' response from support I was pleased with the upgrade to 2004 Premium . I did not have any issues upgrading and was able to add online access to additional accounts with no troubles . The User Interface is different and took some getting used to but it is easier to navigate across various areas of my finances .
 The automatic download of your financial institution data to Quicken is a service provided by your bank , not Quicken . Do n't blame Intuit if your bank/brokerage is not listed in the financial institution list.I 'm a former MS Money user , so I coudl n't give you a review on Quicken2004 from an `` upgrade '' standpoint . Only a fresh install standpoint . I switched to Quicken because 2 of the four financial institutions I use did not support MS Money . Only Quicken.Someone mentioned this program is a resource hog on their 1GHZ PentiumIII . This product runs perfectly fine on my 550Mhz P3 with 256MB of RAM.I have yet to experience any bugs or major inconveniences with this product after 3 months of use , and I could n't be happier with it . I 've owned a few versions of Quicken in the past and found them to be riddled with bugs and this version is definately different in my opinion . For the first time in my life , my finances are finally 100 % in order .
 I was quite wary about Quicken 2004 when I read the reviews in regards to program stability and bugs . I had Quicken 2001 deluxe and just recently bought a Dell computer with Windows XP . I upgraded to Quicken 2004 Premier , I immediately checked for product updates , then imported my data and held my breath . Luckily my old quicken files imported without a hitch . So far no problems to report and it 's been two months . No graphing issues or crashes . I like the interface it is much simpler especially for stock transactions . Now I do not do any real online banking or transactions other than stock quotes so I do n't know how that is . I gave it fours stars instead of five for the marketing jazz that intermittently comes up . Overall I am satisfied with the product .
 I have used previous versions of Quicken -LRB- the latest 2000 -RRB- and have always been very pleased . I was so pleased with version 2000 that I was reluctant to move to 2004 because I heard it could be cumbersome . Since I was notified by Intuit that they would no longer support version 2000 , downloading quotes , etc. . I felt that I needed to take the chance . I decided to go with Quicken Premier 2004 this time and am glad I did . Everything that I have wanted to do has been available and works very well .
 I was using a free Quicken version that cam with my computer and upgraded to Quicken 2004 . It was easy to load and I can now download all of my information directly from my bank -LRB- s -RRB- and my broker . What a great tool . I have an older computer and occasionally it locks up when I have too many windows open . Otherwise it works great !
 Admittedly , the initial release of this was a bit buggy , but after installing the patch updater , everything works exactly as expected and advertised !
 I was very gun-shy about upgrading to Quicken 2004 after reading all the negative reviews on this site . I took the plunge and ordered it anyway , and it installed and updated my old data with absolutely no problems . Quicken has been one the most hassle-free applications I have ever used . I do n't even have to think about it , the program just works .
 Works very well . Looks much better than 2002 -LRB- the last version I bought -RRB- . iCal integration is very nice , but needs a little tweeking .
 I started with Quicken '94 then upgraded to quicken ' 98 . I 've never had to call technical support , even when I added Quicken 2004 to my Mac . All my Data transferred over without a glitch . I have many individual stocks , some with daily price entries , and all of it is there . Most of the bad reviews listed here are probably problems with their operating software or bugs in their systems . The only time quicken did not work for me was when my directories were screwed up . Running a good utilities program straightened out the whole computer and everything worked better . Do n't be afraid to buy this software ! It is top-notch !
 My first Quicken product was Quicken 94 . Then I upgraded to Quicken 98 without any problems . In the last 10 years I 've had all sorts of stock and price information stored in Quicken , some of it entered daily . I got a little nervous when I read the bad reviews listed on this site . But you should not be nervous ! All my data transferred instantly and Quicken 2004 works beautifully without any glitches . In my years of owning Quicken products I 've never had to call customer support so it does n't bother me that they charge by the minute . Most of these other Quicken users probably have problems with their operating systems and other glitches . The only time quicken did n't work right was when I had bugs in the system software . Purchase a couple of good utility programs and everything in your computer will run fine ! Do n't be afraid to buy this product .
 I must say that overall I like Quicken since I started using it in 2002 . It 's great for managing my finances , and keeping a close eye on them helps me save a lot of money . However , the bugs have annoyed me greatly . I do n't remember the bugs in 2002 that annoyed me , but they prompted me to get the next version , which fixed some of them , but added others including one considerably worse bug involving net worth calculation with investment accounts . -LRB- 2003 double-counts unrealized gain at the time of purchase of a stock . A - horrible - bug . -RRB- I bought Quicken 2004 based on the rumor that it fixed this bug and some UI bugs . It fixed all of the bugs that I previously had trouble with , and I have n't found any other calculation bugs yet . I 've been running it almost daily for a week with great success.I have seen no crashes -LRB- much improved -RRB- , no calculation errors -LRB- which are HORRIBLE to have in a product like this -RRB- , and no horrible UI bugs -LRB- as I 've seen so far , the scrolling/display updating problem in the register view has been eliminated , but since it was random , I may not have been using it long enough to tell -RRB- . That 's not to say that any of those problems do n't exist , but in my use I have n't seen them yet.Intuit * should * have fixed the bugs in 2003 , but for practical purposes for me 2004 was a good buy . I have n't found the new features very compelling , but the bug fixes were definitely worth it for me.I am running MacOS X 10.2.6 on a G4 currently .
 I like this software better than Quicken 2003 for Mac . It adds a tab called `` Quicken Insights '' that gives you and overview of all your accounts . You can customize it to show upcoming bills , net worth and other items as you prefer . There is also more analytical information on investments . The software installed flawlessly on my Mac which uses OS X and imported my file in a minute or so from Quicken 2003 without any errors . Registration was a snap . The product is not as robust as the Windows version but works well . The new reports available are very snazzy . I like Quicken 2004 for the Mac .
 I feel that the other reviewers tell a very unfair story . I almost did n't buy it because of them . But instead , I find the interface to be seamless , and top notch . All of the features of previous Quicken versions run very wellI had no problem transfering my Windows Quicken 2000 Basic data -LRB- thousands of transactions & 15 accounts -RRB- into my new Quicken 2004 Mac File , and that is as cross-platform as it gets!I feel that Intuit has done what they always do
 My sister and I are both piano teachers with studios in our homes . She currently has a computer lab and I am in the process of setting mine up . I was trying out some of the programs on her lab and came upon Super Dooper Music Looper . It is absolutely wonderful !! I had a blast creating a few dance tunes and listening to all of the recorded loops . One of my sister 's students had even created an orchestral piece that sounded like dramatic cinema music ! Besides just the sheer fun of creating your own music , the program is set up in a way that can help teach 4 bar phrasing , tempo selection , the tambre of different instruments , duple rhythms , and composition . This is a great introduction for students to the world of digital music , too ! I found the program very user friendly ! I am also a music therapist and am looking forward to using this program with my high-functioning special needs students!Just adding a comment a few years later - I had to upgrade to vista and the program no longer functions . Bummer . My students miss it and I have n't been able to find anything as user-friendly for the young ones .
 My daughter uses the Apple program at school and wanted a music creation program to use at home on her notebook . We looked at reviews together and chose this software . When it arrived , my wife almost returned it because the package says it is for kids 6 to 9 years old . However , based on these reviews , I advised we keep it . It was a good move . This is simple to use and she 's having a great time with it , making fun music riffs . It wo n't let her become a serious composer , but that was not our goal .
 My son just received this product and he loves it , it really allowskids to be creative with music and they are so proud of what theycreate . My only complaint is that the CD has to be in the drive forthe program to work , you can not do a complete install . This makes ithard for portability purposes on a laptop , other than that it 's beena huge success .
 This was a Christmas gift we purchased for our 8-year-old son who loves music . He was reluctant to try it , as he thought it 'd be too hard to use . Once he got started on it , he plays it about 1 hour per day . He makes his own songs & saves them to the hard drive . We also save them as . wma files , so windows media player can use them . He 's used the e-mail feature -LRB- with some help -RRB- to send his music creations to grandparents . We 've also copied them over to his PSP -LRB- Sony Playstation Portable -RRB- and he takes them on-the-road on road trips & shared them with kids while at daycare during Winter Break . Most of his songs have a lot of drums & word-phrase looping , but that 's how he likes it . He starts off a new song w/drums , guitars , bass , etc. & adds word loops here & there . It 's really easy for him , as he just picks what type of instrument from a pick list & then scrolls through all the possibilities -LRB- many looping sounds from each instrument to pick from -RRB- . You use a paintbrush to paint in that sound on a staff-like group of bars to the right & you repeat this again w/another instrument . You can see all your music at once & where each instrument sound starts & stops -LRB- which can have many of each -RRB- . This is a great computer game & we 've found so many more uses for the created music -LRB- like background music for a computerized photo album -RRB- . We have n't tried the RECORD feature , as we do n't have a microphone on the PC , but he 'll probably be singing to that once we buy one . It was really easy for him to use & his 6-year-old sister can use it with a little help too . You can change the tempo & key the masterpiece is played in & the volume of each individual instrument playing . This was well worth the money we spent .
 My kids love this . I find it annoying that all the projects are saved in the directory with the program itself , but that 's somewhat typical of Windows programs . Too bad this is n't available for the Mac .
 My son - age 9 - played this at a friends house and had a ball . We bought it and he played with it constantly . -LRB- The copy I recently bought is for a neice 's birthday -RRB- My son is fairly music literate , plays drums , and understands the program well - but a child would not have to be really computer literate to have fun combining the music loops -LRB- pre-recorded snippets of music -RRB- and listening to ` their ' creations.My son is now playing more with Garage Band - but not having nearly the fun.SDML is a great introduction to composing your own music . I recommend this to the parent of any musically inclined child - or as a way to introduce a child to music .
 Quicken manages our life , and by tracking where we spend and save , we know where to go on vacation . We believe this beats Money . And any version 2000 and up is compatible with websites .
 I received this product as a gift from a fellow entrepreneur . At first I was suspicious , wondering if it would really help me see the future of my business . However , the more I used the product , the more it helped me to be confident in the decisions I had made . It really helped me to pick out future problems as well . I would recommend this to any new or small business owner/manager .
 This program is easiest I have found since began looking for business planning software . Very easy to use not a typicalspeadsheet progra . would rec to new business owners
 I have had Systemsuite 2000 now for about a month or so , and I am amazed at how easy and efficient this program is . I have used Norton Systemworks in the past which was slow , unintegrated and a memory hog . But with Systemsuite 2000 I get a fast , fully integrated and memory conservative program . Anybody who is looking for a utility program , newcomer or experianced , do yourself a favor and purchase this program ! You wo n't be sorry .
 I 've been using SS2000 for a couple of months after being a Norton user for years , I wo n't go back . The product is fast , efficient , and completely integrated.I had a corrupt file system and the Crisis Center led me directly to the Ontrack data recovery service where , unbelievably , their engineers recovered my entire 13GB drive via an Internet connection in less than an hour .
 This utility is a must-have for web-browsing . The clean-up -LRB- of Internet History , Cache , ActiveX , Cookies & Plug-ins -RRB- after every session is remarkably fast and efficient . It 's worth the price for the system registry cleaner and fixer by themselves , but has MANY other worthwile functions and uses far less memory than Norton .
 I used to use Norton 's utility software before switching to Ontrack . My main problem with Norton was that is was a little ` bulky ' on my machine and bogged down its overall performance . After switching to Ontrack I specifically liked two things . The interface is very nicely organized - comprehensive , intuitive , and complete . Second , using the utlities is simple , straightforward , and fast .
 I am using this software for 1 week and i found it really sophisticated compared to Norton System Works 2000 . But during 1 week period , i experienced some problems with my computer and i highly doubted it related to that software -LRB- i had to use my recovery disk once -RRB- . I think easy uninstaller in that package is not efficient enough.You know it has many fancy features but not much reliable.But i only have 1 week experience and i have to keep an eye on it for more complete review .
 I echo the comment that this is a buggy version -LRB- running on Windows XP -RRB- . With a DSL connection , I have Quicken crash 50 % of the time when I download quotes/new .
 I am very impressed with the new version . It has a slightly newer look that helps to eliminate too much information . Entering downloaded transactions is easier , setting up and tracking the investments that I have is easier and best of all you can now remove a lot of the advertisements !
 Quicken 2002 is a nice program to have if you like to have great control over your finances . You can track your spending down to the cash you have on hand , and easily create reports based on that spending . Be warned , however , to not run a ` validate ' on your data that is not backed up . When you run a validate it purges bad data without confirming that is what you want to do . Otherwise , great program !
 I 'm a first time user of Quicken . I have not used any other financial software before . Matter of fact , I needed something desperately to help me manage my finances . I easily downloaded my statements from financial institutions that I bank and invest with . It was great to know that Quicken already had working relationships with these institutions . As a novice to financial software , I found it very easy to use and figure out the functions of each feature . I am able to view all my accounts at a glance . I would recommend this software .
 I have been using Quicken since Windows 3.1 starting with the DOS version . Ca n't imagine going back to pencil , paper and a calculator . Quicken 2002 Deluxe is a welcomed upgrade on my 600 MHz Pentium III PC running Windows 98 SE . It installed and converted my files easily and flawlessly ! After I registered online it downloaded and installed an upgrade without any problems . It integrates with Quicken 's web site -LRB- ... -RRB- very nicely , even with my slow dialup connection.It seems to be even easier to use than previous versions , even though it does more . I base ` ease of use ' on how often I have to click on help to figure out how to use the program . Its interface is well laid out and easily navigated , although if you are new to Quicken it may seem a little overwhelming at first . It almost holds your hand as it walks you through account set up and some of the data entry . It even has a ` Quick Entry ' feature that only loads your account register to enter just a few transactions . This is very convenient if you do n't need the full range of Quicken tools . It can also track the stocks you are interested in and keep tract of your portfolio 's current standing . Coupled with -LRB- ... -RRB- researching stocks is much easier and offers a lot of help if you are new to investing . One thing consistent with all versions I 've ever used , it does many more things than my finances dictate . To be honest , the only reason I upgraded is I just found out that Quicken 2000 Basic does not let you create savings goal accounts , which is one of my favorite features , but the Deluxe version does.I am very happy with my purchase and would strongly recommend Quicken 2002 Deluxe to everyone .
 Despite what the masses say here , I think Quicken 2002 and my previous version , 2000 , are the best thing that 's ever happened to my personal finances . I use Quicken for budgeting , savings goals , online payments , online billing , and for management of several credit card accounts and several bank accounts . Budgeting is made really easy by using the built-in categories and categories I 've created . I can even split a transaction between multiple categories . I 've had no problems with the product and ca n't help but wonder if some of the negative reviews posted here are from within Microsoft . They have been known to do such things .
 Some nice new stuff - auto-reconcile being my favorite - but I 'm not sure exactly why it 's worth the upgrade . Maybe it 's like computers - upgrade every 2-3 years .
 This is the Quicken 2002 basic , which is I have.THE EASIEST WAY TO START ORGANIZING YOUR FINANCESSee why over 15 million people trust Quicken * Balance Your Checkbook * Pay Bills Easily * Customize and Graphs * Bank Online Coveniently * Optimize Your Spending * Track Your Investments ... -LSB- from the back of the box -RSB-
 I have evaluated other personal financial software , and picked this one . Simple to use , nice user interface.One thing I did n't realize is that to use on-line banking , YOUR BANK MIGHT CHARGE FEE , although they provide `` internet '' banking of their own for free .
 I found the problem with the Net Worth report and graph in Quciken 2002 was with one credit card account that had some bad data . I download transactions using . qif files and some of the downloaded transactions seemed to cause the problem . I deleted these and the reports and graphs work fine.This problem occurred immediately upon installing Quicken 2002 over Quicken 2000 so I was sure it was a bug . I guess it could be classified as a moinor bug since 2000 handled the bad date but 2002 does not.That being said . I do like the options on the net worth graphs that are available in 2002 . I have breifly looked at my data in Money 2002 and I did not see that it offered comparable historical tracking of my net worth . I am sticking with Quicken .
 I have been using this product since 1991 and have never had a problem . There is simply no better way to manage your money . This is the best financial software available and the folks at Intuit know what they 're doing.If you 're even thinking of buying Microsoft Money , compare and save yourself a lot of time and money and buy Quicken .
 I 've been using Quicken since their DOS versions in the mid-late 80 's . Their product has been consistently well designed and offers plenty of financial management tools . You get out of it as much as you put onto it . Do n't expect magic or you 'll be disappointed . But , with ease and less than 45 minutes a week , I keep all my financial information in Quicken and get plenty of helpful and accurate info . The recent versions which have enhanced their Web interaction , makes it even more useful , and eliminated my need to use more than one financial package .
 I 've used several older versions of Quicken and updating to this one was quick and easy . I just ca n't imagine in this day and age how anyone gets by without Quicken -- it 's fast and easy to use and accurate and produces great reports .
 I have used Quicken for many years and I 've always liked the product . This version is a nice upgrade and is probably worth it for any Quicken owner to pick it up.I also picked up Microsoft Money 2002 since it had a great rebate from the wholesale store . Money will convert Quicken 2001 files cleanly , so it was easy to compare the products . Microsoft Money is different , but equally capable for the most part . I recommend Microsoft Money to anyone who has not already become familiar with Quicken . Money seems to be easier to learn and use than Quicken . But if you are comfortable with Quicken , I do n't see any real value in Money over Quicken to justify the learning curve.WARNING !!! I recently had a minor problem with a corrupt quicken file which I corrected . It made me more consciences about running VALIDATE periodically . Before upgrading to Quicken 2002 , I ran Validate and Super-Validate and no problems were found . After upgrading I ran Validate and Super-Validate again , with no problems . I went online to update my register and post payments and then I ran Validate once again . This time I had 167 errors . I do n't know what it `` fixed '' , but I got really nervous . I validated a second time , no problems . I went online again the next day , then validated again , and more errors were found . I hope that Quicken is just cleaning up some online garbage ... no apparent problems exist in my data ... just please run VALIDATE frequently to be extra safe , and run your backups too.I also had a problem where I had duplicate scheduled payments in my Quicken schedule . I was able to identify which payments were legitimate and which were not , so I cleaned up that mess . This problem is addressed in the Quicken knowledgebase , albeit poorly addressed.This makes three seperate data problems with Quicken . One with Quicken 2001 and two with Quicken 2002 . All within the last two months . All three were caused by Quicken , so I am getting nervous about trusting this company with my data . I am running Validate frequently now and I recommend that you do too.I like Quicken and I will continue to use it as long as I can continue to trust it with my data . I like the new features in this upgrade . Microsoft Money is a great product as well , but not worth the learning curve to switch . If you do buy or use Quicken , just be extra careful to validate your data frequently .
 Intuit has made a great product greater , or so they claim . I would agree with them on this except for one thing
 I have found Quicken 2002 Deluxe very easy to use . It helps organize finances -LRB- e.g. , create online accounts , all types of planners , balance your checkbook ; reconcile your bank statement , track investments 401k , IRA -LRB- s -RRB- , and Savings Bonds . It even has a simple way to track you paycheck income and deductions.System Requirements -------------------- 100 % IBM Compatible , P90 Minimum - Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 , Me , or XP - 24MB RAM Minimum , 32MB RAM Recommended - 67MB free hard disk space - Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 -LRB- is included on the CM ROM -RRB- - Double-speed CD-ROM drive - VGA with 256 colors minimum -LRB- SVGA 16-bit color recommended -RRB- - Sound board and speakers recommended - Works with any printer supported by Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 , Me or XP - 14.4 Kbps or higher modem required to access online features ; 56 Kbps modem recommendedHere are some of the Quicken 2002 Deluxe features : -------------------------------------------------- Down load your data from over 1700 financial institutions , to include
 I 've never used any financial applications before this , but I must say I 'm impressed with this program . The help system has been able to find virtually every problem I 've had . The interface looks very clean , and I find it extremely intuitive . The program has * never * crashed on me once . It does suck up 100 % of the CPU after running a 1-step update -LRB- to refresh the screen -RRB- but that is pretty trivial , and only lasts a few seconds.I use it to manage my Checking , Savings , Loans , Assets -LRB- Car -RRB- ,401 k , Stock Options , and ESPP ... and all work together in harmony . Downloading the . qif files is pretty dumb , but some accounts support the direct sync to Quicken which is quite nice.Beware that although you purchase the product and they claim to be able to download your car 's value , they have `` opted not to continue support for that feature '' which basically means they are selling you this feature and then not providing it ... Other than that , the product is great . Do yourself a favor ... stop supporting Microsoft , and start supporting companies like Intuit that have to fight to compete with them . This product is fantastic .
 I 've been using Quicken for several years and I ca n't imagine managing my finances any other way . It is a very well thought through and easy tp use program . It allows me to automatically capture most all my finanical data directly from my banks , credit card and brokerage companies . I like that I can quickly view this data and see where I stand finanicial.Quicken has literally shave so much time off doing my routine financial stuff like paying bills that I 've actually found time to do more lofty financial tasks like look alternative credit cards with better interest rates or cheaper car insurance . It also keeps me organized for tax time.If you 're looking to get your finances in order , there is no better tool than Quicken -LRB- it is much better than MS Money -RRB- . It is worth every penny . By simply saving me time , I have paid for this software an untold number of times because each month I 'm able to tackle another big financial hurdle that has helped me save money and make smarter finacial decisions .
 This is what Microsoft has * always * done when they ca n't compete against a program fairly . They `` break '' the products , users blame the product and switch to the competing MS program , in this case MS Money.It is a sad , and illegal business tactic , but they have used it forever and the government allows them to continue it .
 I have used Quicken from Version 3 and have found it to be the easiest way to manage my home finances . I have yet to purchase Quicken 2002 but I am sure I will in the very near future.Intended first time purchasers need have no fear , Quicken is the simplest piece of software to both set-up and use .
 I upgrade my Quicken every year , and was happy to do so again this year . Sure , there 's more stuff in there than I need right now , but who knows when I might need it ? Besides , there always seems to be one little new feature I really like ... BTW , I tried MS Money a few years ago since I usually like their products , but it just was n't the same . I went back to Quicken .
 I have recently tried Money 2002 but still decided to stick with Quicken , which I have used since 2000 . In fact , I have upgraded it to 2002 . I would like to make a few comments . First off , while I agree with many reviewers here that there are n't that many new features which make it a must-upgrade , I still like the enhancements Quicken has added over the last two years . Needless to say , there is still room for improvement for Quicken -LRB- and Money as well -RRB- , but I think money management products as such have matured to the the point where you ca n't expect too much from their newer versions . So , be realistic and fair when it comes to evaluating them.Second , I do n't have the problems people here reported with the newer versions . Quicken 2002 successfully converted all my data files , and there are no lock-ups or anything . I think the problems have more to do with Windows than Quicken . My advise is to keep your Windows lean and mean . I am using Windows 98 and I only install programs that I really need to use.Finally , as to whether Money or Quicken is better , it 's pretty much up for grabs . If you are a beginning user , Money may be the better choice . However , I do n't see any reason to switch if you are already using Quicken . Besides , more financial sites support Quicken than Money , and there is no such thing as seamless conversion . I tried that with Money , and I had a lot of clean-up work to do.Conclusion . If you are an existing Quicken user and upgrade with the expectation that it should be a revolutionary makeover , then you will definitely be disappointed . But if you are more realistic , then you will still enjoy the nice enhancements Quicken has made since its 2000 version .
 For anyone who is thinking about purchasing a personal money management program for the first time , or switching from another application , I highly recommend Quicken . I have used it for many years and I have installed each upgrade faithfully . I am a devotee of the product and ca n't imagine how I managed my money before I started using it.While I do n't regret the upgrade from 2001 to 2002 -LRB- I had none of the upgrade problems that other users have had -RRB- , it provided no added benefits that made it worth the cost of the upgrade . That combined with the many problems people have had upgrading make this an upgrade to skip in my opinion.My rating above reflects the overall rating of the product itself , not the upgrade . If you do n't have a version earlier than 2000 -LRB- or if you 've never used Quicken -RRB- , I would n't hesitate to purchase 2002 . Otherwise , wait until next year .
 This new version of Quicken Deluxe , is an improvement over the 2000 version . If you are using 2001 , I would recommend that you keep that version . There are simply not enough reasons to upgrade from 2001 for most people . If you are using pre-2001 , this would definitely be something to take a look at .
 I have used Quicken for several years , and now with Quicken 2002 Deluxe I am more convinced than ever that it is the best personal finance software available . Recently I evaluated a copy of Microsoft Money , but found it less user-friendly and lacking in the functionality of the Quicken line.In comparison to the 2001 version , Quicken 2002 Deluxe has significantly enhanced budgeting tools . In the past , it appeared the program was written more for the upper class with many investments to manage rather than for the middle class with many ends to meet . Quicken 2002 Deluxe offers help for the vast majority of us who need to live on a budget both to pay our bills and to reduce our debts.Quicken 2002 Deluxe will track multiple checking and saving accounts , credit cards , auto loans , home equity lines , mortgages , investments and more . The online banking features available make it possible to pay bills from the comfort of one 's home with no check writing and no postage . This program will also produce a multitude of financial reports to chart progress in various areas . There simply is no product , in my assessment , that rivals the scope and the simplicity of Quicken.A word of advice
 I upgraded from the 2000 version with no trouble . The handling of regular bill payments is much better constructed . I am running the application under OS X and it runs very fast , and so far reliably . It seems to be a good piece of software .
 Quicken 2002 is a wonderful upgrade from 2001 . Finally , it has been Carbonized ! I have heard arguments from others saying `` I wish it was Cocoa '' but I think that making it Cocoa -LRB- only able to run on OS X -RRB- would make the product sell a lot less , as non-X users would not be able to use it . A great piece of software . Fast , reliable , and lots better than its Windows counterpart .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and features of this product . It is so easy to use . I was scared by some of the other reviewers , but I have never had a problem with it . I love being able to download my bank information into it . It is seamless .
 I almost did n't buy this one because of the awful box art -LRB- what happened Humongus ? -RRB- but my kids love the other Backyard titles and this one is no exception . My son and even my daughter enjoy playing it . Their favorite is making up their own players for their teams . The game play and characters are delightful . The controlls are easy to learn , my daughter had never played a hockey game before . I highly recommend picking this one up , well worth the $ 20 .
 Everything seems fine and fun with this game . I like the way they put an all-star game in season mode . From the beginning of the season , the computer votes on how your or other players are doing in there positions . Whatever player has the most votes in their positions by the all-star game plays in it . And the fun apart about it you get to COACH an all-star team !! It 's pretty cool . The only problem I have with this game is it is TOO easy !!! On hard mode it is possible you can win 30-0 in a HOCKEY GAME !!! But you should get this game . GO BLUES !!!!!!!
 I 've used Quicken since 1994 when I bought my first computer and Quick 2.0 came preinstalled . Since then I 've tried MS-Money twice . I keep going back to Quicken . It 's intuitive , logical and makes reconciling the check book a breeze . I admit that my finaces are fairly simple and others may need the deluxe or small business versions of the program , but I think for the average person the basic program is perfect . I do n't upgrade every year . I do n't think there 's a need to . I up grade about every two yeaars . I moved from version 2.0 to Quicken 98 to Quicken 2000 to the current version . The program is very stable . I have n't had problems with bugs or crashes in any version . I recommend it .
 At first glance , it 's pretty similar to Quicken 2001 . However , once you start using it , you 'll notice lots of nice new features , particularly the way reports and graphs are generated . The biggest new feature is the new budget tool , which appears to have been totally rewritten from the ground up.Nothing amazingly new , just refinements . But I 'd say worth -LSB- price -RSB- .
 Better than the old Basic ... it does quite a bit more stuff and has the internet built into it . Easy to get around your accounts , and no issue uploading 4 years of data from the previous Win 95 version .
 As a long-term quicken user , I am pleased with this product . It has improved reports and graphics and still has the capability to track stocks and mutual funds . The cash flow report is always the most important part of quicken because it allows the user to track personal finances.One small bug has always botherered me , however . For retirement accounts containing mutual funds , quicken adds all distributions to the account holder 's basis . This is inconsistent with IRS practice , which is that the distributions are not taxed and therefore are not added to the shareholder 's basis . This bug leads to some inaccurate gain and loss results for retiremment accounts .
 When I opened the package , and installed it , I was mazed by the features and how easy it was to use . It had everything I needed to help me with money .
 I needed an old version of software so I could install on new computer and view past years reports . Thankfully you had it in stock .
 The product received was as advertised , used but in good condition . It arrived promptly . I did not have any issue installing it .
 I have been using Bibleworks since its beginning several years ago . It is not an easy program to learn , but it does have its own videos and teaching now which helps . If you take the time it really is a tremendous program for Bible scholars , seminary students , and those who are serious about learning . The program just keeps getting better with each version , and the latest Version 7 is a great asset with many improvements .
 I have been using Bibleworks 5 for a number of years . Since it seemed quite adequate for my needs I did not keep up with the upgrades . But when Bibleworks 8 came out I realized the changes were significant enough to warrant the investment and I am glad I did . I have been amazed at the changes in the program . I am assuming that anybody reading this knows that this software is for serious Bible study and research with an ability to work in the original languages . If that does not describe you then you will be much better served with a far less expensive package -- and there are plenty of those around . One more note -- Bibleworks is not compatible with a Mac platform.If you have worked with an older version you will find the new screen set up much more user friendly . The editor screen controls just about every function with just a series of tabs . I could go tool by tool but every function has been improved and is so much more effective . I love the `` Daily Light '' devotional popping up immediately at log-in as a good reminder . Everything from the analysis tabs , diagramming tools , maps , lexicons , Bible versions , mouse-over definitions , etc. , have been significantly improved.Since there is far too much to list in a brief review I would encourage the check out `` bibleworks.com , '' go to the `` products '' tab , and click `` what 's new in version 8 ? '' If you , like me , have been determining whether this is an investment you want to make , if you are looking for a package of tools to assist in very serious study of the Scripture then this software is most likely for you . By the way if you are questioning the price I would encourage you to do some research on other comparable packages and you will see this to be quite a bargain .
 I have been using BibleWorks since it first came out.There is literally NOTHING that even comes close to it in terms of depth and breadth of Bible study tools.NOTHING !!! Read the other reviews here for details.Anyone giving less than 5 stars just does n't know what they are talking about . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 What can I say about Bible Works ? I do almost all of my research on the Hebrew Bible with this tool . I read the Bible frequently here and it is so easy to see how an ancient version or translation -LRB- LXX , Targum , Vulgate , Peshitta ... -RRB- renders the Hebrew . With the touch of a key you have the answer ! But secondly I have found that the word and phrase search tools are absolutely amazing . Again , in an instant you can find how often a term or expression occurs.There is also a tool where you can graph the distribution of the expression throughout the Hebrew Bible or in one particular corpus or book of the Bible . I have found that this evidence itself generates theories and hypotheses as you see the phrase or word situated in the big picture of the Hebrew Bible at one glance.The latest Bible works -LRB- 9.0 -RRB- provides an automatic concordance of the expression in Hebrew complete with each sentence listed so you can get a quick glance at the context and usage of a word before you start the process of studying each particular passage . For those who are still learning the languages the version is especially valuable as an incredible learning tool . By simply placing the cursor over a word you automatically see how the word functions grammatically , complete with an English gloss.As for the use of other resources the sky is the limit . You can have complete access to Philo 's works , Josephus 's works , the complete Isaiah scroll from Qumran ... . They are at your fingertips . I found the use of the Isaiah scroll extremely helpful in a recent paper I was working on regarding resurrection and I was able to see how the scroll adds the term `` light '' in 53:11 where it reads `` from the travail of his soul he will see light . '' This suggests the idea of resurrection as the suffering servant sees the light of life despite having been cut off from the land of the living -LRB- 53:8 -RRB- . My point is you can not only have access to the English translation , you can have access to the actual Hebrew original , and this can help you understand some of the interpretive dynamics present in late 2nd temple Judaism.For me I would have to say that this has become an indispensable tool for doing research on the Hebrew Bible .
 I have been using BibleWorks from as long ago as version 2 , and have recently upgraded to version 9 . Its capabilities for thoughtful biblical study are enormous , especially if one has facility in the original languages . Particularly valuable are the numerous context sensitive menus , giving ready access to the considerable array of settings and functions throughout the program . I have been pleasantly surprised at the just how much the program has developed , even from the version I have been using up till now . It is undoubtedly the software tool of choice for students and scholars alike , given what it can do , and the resources it combines in a single program .
 I am a student of the Word of God and have found this a wonderful resource . I have used it many times , and the depth/variety of functions allows many to dive deeper into the syntax of Hebrew and Greek .
 I 've used BibleWorks since ver . 4.0 , upgraded with every new version , and have never been disappointed . Ver . 9 is no exception . Among the new features are the ability to add an extra window to the workspace , increasing the number of analysis sources on view ; 18 new biblical translations or versions , including the new Common English Bible , and the NIV 2011 ; enhanced map resources ; and the BibleWorks Manuscript Project , which will be of special interest to students and scholars of the NT . Altogether the program includes , in addition to the Greek and Hebrew biblical texts , over 200 translations and versions.I 'm a seminary professor and I constantly use BibleWorks in my teaching and research . For the classroom , it is wonderful to be able to project from a laptop screen the biblical text in the original language , multiple translations and versions , lexicon entries , plus maps and numerous reference and analytical resources . If you are looking for a full featured digital Bible study resource , BibleWorks 9 is the best , hands down .
 I purchased my first computer when DOS 2.11 was brand-new . I understood the advantage of being able to do things very quickly with the computer . I also found out that you can lose things , destroy things , have all kinds of problems , and do it very quickly ! That did not deter me as I purchased my first computer just before I began my doctoral studies . BibleWorks was not yet in existence , though there were some other products on the market . My first experience with BibleWorks was after I had graduated , and gift/graduation money was provided to buy the new BibleWorks 3.5 . Having viewed some of the online videos for BibleWorks 9 , I calculated that if the changes claimed in the videos for this new issue of the program were true , then I had better have a look at it . I have not been disappointed . By the way
 Back in 1999 , I believed God was leading me to produce my own translation of the NT . So I looked into several different Bible software programs to help with the translation work . I decided on BibleWorks , and it was a very good decision . This program was invaluable in translating myAnalytical-Literal Translation of the New Testament
 January 2012 BW 9.0 update
