 My almost four year old loves this game . It can be challenging but that 's what makes it worth playing I guess . Worth buying if your child likes Rescue Heroes or even just likes rescue equipment . -LRB- We 've never seen the show -RRB-
 I gave this game to my son as an early birthday present . He 's almost four and loves the Rescue Heroes . The reviews I read were mixed so I decided to buy it anyway . I 'm really glad I did . Sure it 's challenging , but it 's a good excuse for the parents to get involved . First I did the hard parts for him , to show him what needed to be done . Then I guided him through them and finally he ended up doing it all by himself . He was so proud when he accomplished the hard tasks that he could n't do at first!Unlike most computer games this one requires the use of the arrow keys instead of the mouse . Well , it 's always nice to learn new skills.I ca n't wait to give my son the two other RH games I baught for his birthday . I have no doubt he 'll love them too .
 I think this one is our favourite game for my younger daughter . She could play this when she was 2.5 years and loved it . It may be a bit simple for the older kids -LRB- 6 + -RRB- as they will do it fairly quickly as there are not many challenges or puzzles to solve.This is more of an art game than a challenge game - lots of decorating with the 6 different paintbrushes -LRB- each creates a different scene -RRB- and there are many decorate it yourself items like making flowers for the garden , making the masks and the decorating the thrones . There is no wrong way to do them -LRB- you ca n't get decorating wrong like you can with the puzzles -RRB- . The only negative would be the maze at the end , you have to move with the arrow keys and this I always have to help her with as it is a bit difficult . The graphics are great , sound great and my favourite is most of the game is done with the mouse so it is easy for kids -LRB- not like the Pegasus game which is terrible ! -RRB- . Older kids may prefer the Princess and the Pauper game if they want a game that lasts longer .
 It is great , my girl is just 5 and speak no english so I start playing with her , but she put me out and was not able to leave it until she won , because she di it just by herself on her very first time .
 This was a gift for my 6 yr old daughter . She is a big Barbie fan as well as loves to use the computer . She is still enjoying this game . She completed it in a few hours which worried me at first , but she loves to do it over and over again . The music is enjoyable and the colors are vibrant . It seems to be very user friendly also ... my daughter has not really needed my help to use it once she started it the first time .
 My four year old daughter loves everything Barbie and loves the Rapunzel movie . This game is tons of fun , even for a 42 year old . We love playing it together . We love decorating all the rooms and finding the gems . What even better is , she can play it alone and I get some me time !
 did you know this software has been arwarded for parents choice arward 2002 i try this software and it 's 1 # creativity for girls to imspire art in time .
 My four-year-old loved this CD . She played it over and over until she exhausted the CD about 10 times . She was able to play it by herself . It is cleverly designed with games that utilize a child 's creativity . I highly recommend it for young girls .
 I bought this for my granddaughter who is not quite 5 yet . She was hooked from the very first minute . She absolutely loves everything about this game . I was impressed with the beautiful colors and endless poosibilities for decorating the castle . The instructions spoken by Rapunzel are simple and easy to follow . I think this is an excellent program for pre-readers who love Barbie .
 My 4 year old daughter has been addicted to this game . She plays it over and over again . She loves the opening song and has been singing it non stop . She gets excited each time she completes a room and finds a gem and loves solving the maze to find Prince Stefan . The only problem is that she sings the song so much I ca n't get it out of my head !
 I bought this game for my neice she is almost 5 . She loves this game . She played it so much she wore out the first disc so I had to buy her another .
 My three and six year-old daughters absolutely love this game . The graphics are colorful and rich in detail , and there is so much to do ! Eight months since they got it , and it is still played with on almost a daily basis . Highly recommended .
 My three year old adores this game . The game only takes 2-3 hours to complete in one sitting , but my child has played it over and over , and still loves it . The box recommends this game for ages 5 and older , but my daughter can play this game by herself with ease , except for the maze -LRB- which is fairly easy , but she needs help working the arrow keys -RRB- . This game is mostly a `` paint '' type game , where you decorate different rooms in a castle in order to save Prince Stephan and the castle . You paint and place different decorations about the castle , as well as `` build '' a planter and a mosaic tile . The game and the decorations are quite cute , and easy for young Barbie fans to do independently . I feel it does have some educational value as well , in that my daughter seems to have improved her mouse skills from playing this game , has grasped concepts like clicking a `` done '' button when she has completed a task , and seems to have become better at listening to directions . My one and only complaint is that I wish there had been just a couple more rooms in the castle to decorate . Still , for a fairly short game , it has lots of replay value in it , and the length is just right for a young attention span . I would recommend this game to people with young children who are Barbie fans , especially if their kids are n't quite ready for the more advanced thinking that games geared for older kids have . Do n't get me wrong , I think older Barbie fans will like this game , too , if they want to play a game that mostly centered on decorating . I 've had problems finding games that my daughter can play independently at her age , plus she 's a huge Barbie fan , so this game was perfect for us .
 This is such a great game both my 3 year old son and 7 year old daughter love it . I like to play to if they would let me ! So much fun decorating the rooms and so many choices to keep you playing Great game . Not at all what you would think a Barbie game would be . Great fun for all !!
 Got the game for my daughter when she was four and she LOVES it . She finished it rather quickly and the games are not particularly difficult or educational , but she still occasionally likes to play it . It 's a beautiful game . I wrote this review because the game froze on us as well . I had to update our video card driver and it has worked perfectly since . Hope this helps .
 I purchased this for my daughter that had just turned 5 and with a little help from me in the maze area she was able to finish the game rather quickly -LRB- hence the 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- but to my surprise she still wants to play it over and over again redecorating the castle differently each time room , by room . She has figured out the maze area on her own now as well , at first naviagating Barbie is a little difficult , but all in all as a rainy day game she loves it ! Sometimes I have to set the timer to get her off the computer . Not a lot in the way of learning , but that is what her `` Reader Rabbit '' CD-Rom 's are for anyway - this one is for fun ! Additionally I didnot have any technical problems setting up this CD for my daughter , and I have had with many others including her Reader Rabbit , and Disneys .
 The kids have played this a lot , and it does seem to stimulate their creativity . To start the child enters her name ... later , her name shows up during the game . It only takes them a couple of hours to go through the whole adventure . Of course , it is good enough they want to play it again . But to start over from the beginning , you must enter a new name . We started with their names , then went to full names , now on initials ... next I guess we 'll have to put in the dog 's name . The login page has all these name variations on it , and is becoming ridiculously long . Wrote to tech support , and got the following reply : The response to your question : ---------------------------------------- Solution Added On 12/31/2002 2:29 PMThis is true . The only way to go on is to create a new game with a new name . --------------------- Well , that was very helpful .
 I have always encouraged outdoor exercise instead of the computer , however I do n't mind my 5 year old daughter playing with this game . It teaches them creativity , puzzle solving , logic and listening comprehension . Barbie gives them hints if they come to an impasse and presents a certificate with their name on it when they navigate through a maze , which is a great tool for self-esteem , confidence and accomplishment.The graphics and sound are superb , and it will not intimidate first time users . I highly recommend this CD-Rom for ages 4 and up-it is worth the price paid . Lisa Horne
 We were glad to find a Barbie PC game that can run on a Mac . However , note that the requirements to run the game on a Mac are
 I bought this very rich program for my bright 4 year-old who has significant problems with patience and focus/attention . She likes the video very much . This video has been very helpful in rewarding her for working patiently and methodically . At the same time it is great for teaching shapes , use of color , and fine motor control .
 If you have n't already gotten this game for either your child or yourself , I personally recommend it VERY much . It is one of the best computer games for children I have ever seen . I recently got it for my daughter , and it is a very interesting game . There are lots of activities on the game , even printable items . It is a great learning game for any child because , while they think it 's a fun game , it also teaches children some basic computer and everyday skills . I love this and I 'm a mother , so I 'm sure that you will be satisfied with this . I was very surprised at how great it is . I suggest that if you are looking for a great computer game for a young one , this would be THE one to get . I really recommend this !!
 `` Santa '' brought this game to my 5 year old , and she absolutely loves it ! She asks to play it over & over again . She loves decorating all the rooms in the castle , saving the Prince , and picking out a ball gown for Rapunzel . She even likes the song at the beginning of the game , and has it memorized . I recommend this game for any 4-8 year old girl .
 My review is targeted toward those that wish this game for their toddler age kids . I purchased this for my 3 year old daughter . She is a huge fan of the Barbie animated movies and Rapunzel is one of her favorites . This game is so much fun for her ! It definately keeps her attention span for long periods of time ... which is saying something for a toddler ! The game is easy for her to use . This is a good thing because she is very stubborn and independant ... she does not like mommy and daddy helping her . Basically , the evil Gothel has cast a spell over the castle and turned the Prince into stone . To win , you must complete each level -LRB- which is just transforming it from dark and gloomy into bright and cheery -RRB- and then travel through a maze to rescue the Prince . To transform each room , the player gets to pick out paint colors , decorate different accessories in the room , etc. . There are plenty of different options for each room to keep the little ones happy ! I could defintely see how this would be entertaining for kids of different ages ... perfect for siblings with a few years in age difference . I have recently purchased the 12 Dancing Princesses game and it is not anywhere near being as good or entertaining as this one !
 I purchased this software for my 5 year old granddaughter and she loves playing it so much . She lets me play it sometimes , but she does n't always like what I come up with . I plan to purchase other software programs for her .
 My daughter absolutely loves this game ! It 's easy to use and requires no adult supervision . Best of all , it allows girls to use their creativity to design their own castle one room at a time . What more could a girl want ! My daughter wants to play it every day and I have to find excuses to keep her away ! Too bad not all the Barbie games are this easy and fun . I 've been very disappointed in others I purchased . I discovered that they 're not all designed/published by the same company . I paid 5.99 for this game on clearance and it 's been worth 10 times this amount !
 My 5 and 3 year old girls love this game and play it all the time they can complete the game without help . They get to use their imaginations and create items .
 My 6 and 7 year old daughters love this game ! They really enjoy decorating the rooms and doing so has really improved their mouse skills . Essentially , a lot of the game is kind of like `` coloring '' on the computer and they love to color . Hunting for the gems in each room is fun for them . There is also a maze at the end as well as a bunch of sappy songs that they seem to really enjoy . This is a great choice for girls 4-9 years old .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was just turning 4 . It is great because you do n't need to know how to read in order to play . My daughter loves decorating the castle , and has played it over and over again . For some reason it gets frozen when she tries to print pictures that she makes , but other than that it is well worth the money for any little girl into princesses .
 My daughters both love this game . Aged 3 and 4 , they 're already fairly adept computer users , but this game is really particularly well designed for their ages . They love the story line -LRB- somewhat different from the movie -RRB- and the challenge of having to find all the gems to save the prince . The activities in the game are ones that they play over and over - especially the painting , mosaic puzzle , and design-your-own flowers . They really get to use their creativity , and the tools they can use in the game are really beautiful . We have a lot of kids ' computer games , and this one is their hands-down favorite .
 I bought this for my 5 1/2 year old and she and her 4 year old sister play with it all the time . My younger daughter is also having trouble with the maze but she still loves everything else . This also has educational and problem solving games . Overall , if your little girl loves Barbie or princesses she will be fascinated by this game . I 'm pretty impressed with the quality of it , too . Definitely worth the money !!
 First off , I have to say that I am really surprised about the negative reviews and believe their technical problems are due to their hardware/operating system limitations.That said , I must say this is the most comprehensive , beautiful , creative , fun game my daughter has . She plays if for hours !
 My 3 year old daughter & I both love this software . We actually fight over who is going paint the pictures or choose the themes for each room . This game allows you to be creative & use your imagination by `` decorating '' each room of the castle and finding the missing gems to the prince 's crown which gives Rapunzel the power to find Prince Stephan who has been turned to stone & bring him back to life . The music & animation is the best I have seen . Most of the kids software that I 've seen is boring to me as an adult , but this is not at all . I sometimes like to play it without her ! There are so many variations on color schemes & patterns & that you can never be bored . I highly recommend this for girls of all ages .
 When my daughter wanted this I was against it . We have Barbie Swan Lake software and it does very little and I was not impressed . After seeing it many times on her `` wish list '' I warned her that it would most likely be boring . Boy was I wrong ! We have spent many rainy day hours decorating rooms and having such fun . You can do so much and make it so different each time . We decide on colors and themes of rooms and go to town . I gave her a big hug and kiss for being so persistant about getting this software . I highly recommend it !
 My girls , 5 and 6 , love this game . They have had it for about a year , and continue to play it at least once a week . Its not particulary educational , but not everything has to be . The maze at the end is difficult for my younger one , but my 6 year old will step in and help her with it . Overall , I highly recommend this software .
 I would definitely recommend buying this CD . My 5 year old loved it . It is visually breathtaking and will engage young ones for hours . The only drawback is that you only get to redecorate the castle . There is no variation to the tasks so that once you 've completed the castle , if you want to play again , you do exactly what you had done before but there is a great deal of variety and combinations for decorating the castle . It is like a very sophisticated coloring book .
 My 5-year-old daughter LOVED this game . It developed her creativity and held her attention long enough to finish it in one sitting . She still loves the theme song , which she memorized immediately . My two complaints
 I bought this software for my 5-year old daughter for Christmas . She and her twin sister , along with their 4-year old sister , LOVE this game !!! They love everything about it , from the theme song at the beginning , to finding Prince Stefan in the maze at the end . I will admit , it 's not super educational , but it does keep them entertained and it 's nice to have a `` fun '' game once in awhile that does n't require them to think too hard ! It 's also nice because they can leave the game midway , and return back to where they left off by clicking on their name . The names can also be deleted so that they can start a fresh game . They can restore the castle over and over again and have it be different every time . I think it was totally worth the money .
 Hi , I 'm ` BARBIE LOVER ' and I really like this game , even though I 'm a bit out of the age range . :-RRB- I like going around and decorating every room in the castle differently each time I play ! -LRB- like the whole castle decorated with peacocks or swans or butterflies , or one room has horses and another masqarade masks , exc . -RRB- The thing which really nags me is that every time you have 12 names on your list you have to erase one to play again.I usually just erase the whole list so I wo n't have to do this that often . I also like the intro to the game , and the muscic in each room before you restore it . I even reconized a bit of music from the movie ! If you love Fantasy , dragons , and rapunzel you should get the movie-and this very fun game ! -LRB- The movie is very nice , even though it is 4 years old ! -RRB- And another thing-Barbie 's mask is not a mask-it is just a feather in the air-have you seen it ? PS Please vote on my review ! ` BARBIE LOVER '
 Just bought this for my daughter she loved it so much she played the game twice in a row.She loved decorating the castle and saving the Prince.Don ' t hesitate to buy this Barbie game she 'll love it too
 This game got my daughter started on computers when she was 2 . She is 6 now and a computer wizard for her age . When she was 2 , I had to get the game up and running and give her a hand frome time to time , but she learned to work independently . The game has two modes
 Images are pretty , nice combination of colors , and is well done . My 4 year old daughter loves it at first and only took her a couple of hours to complete the adventure -LRB- she did need some adult help to get her started and more help to go through the maze -RRB- . After that , she does n't play with it as much ... and thus why I think it 's pricey ... Not quite a learning experience as the Jump Start series .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter . She LOVES this CD-ROM ! It has excellent graphics and is easy for her to navigate through . It has many different options in how you `` restore '' the castle and keeps her interest up . I would recommend this product . It even has a print option to print pages from the scrapbook of rooms you have restored .
 My 4year old really likes this game . She 's not addicted to it but loves the style of the program and it is one of her favourite games . I recommend this program for 4-7 year olds . Anybody older may find it limited .
 This is great . My 5 year old loves it . It is very graphic intense , so if you have a slow processer , forget it . But this game is worth every penny . We have a blast with it and it was beautifully created .
 My daughter loved this game , and it really kepted her at the computer for hours , but it was finished in one day at our house . It was a long day , but still one day . The positives about the game though is that they can go back and redecorate the castle different the next time they play , so my dayghter actually played it again a few days later so she could see what the castle would look like if she decorated it differently .
 BARBIE AS RAPUNZEL
 My 4 year old daughter LOVES this game . She sings the `` Strike Up The Band and Clap Your Hands for Kelly 's Pet Parade ! '' song around the house . She can dress the Kelly kids , `` train '' each pet -LRB- teach the pony to jump , etc. -RRB- , clean and get the animals ready for the parade -LRB- paint the elephant 's toe nails , etc. -RRB- , and decorate the floats ... all by herself . She 'll get everything ready -LRB- showing me everything she has accomplished along the way -RRB- and then we 'll watch her special parade . A wonderfully cute game that I highly recommend.She can mostly do the entire game on her own . I have it installed on a laptop so she is actually using the inset mouse and can still do the game . The only one she has a tough time with is the Polar Bear catching fish game . It 's tricky to move your finger on the mouse pad and click at the same time to catch the fish . It would be much easier using a regular mouse .
 My four year old loves this game ! It is just plan old fun for a little girl . It was worth the money .
 For the price of 7.99 , this PC game is WELL worth it , great graphics , colorful and lots to do ! My four year old daughter is in love with the many tasks to complete in this game , including dressing and grooming wide variety of pets and decoration of numerous floats to show in your little one 's very own parade .
 My 6-year old and 5-year old both really enjoy this game . Has lots to do with several different animals to prepare for the parade . You get to design a float and it just endless fun ! Graphics and animation are very colorful and cute . It 's a winner !
 I recently purchased this for my 3 year old daughter . She LOVES this game ! The games are great . They get more challenging as you improve . Also dressing up Kelly and her friends is great fun . My daughter especially loves grooming the animals and getting them ready for the parade . You can decorate the floats , and you have many decorations to choose from . Although not that educational , it does help them improve on their hand/eye coordination . Very fun for a little girl ! Definately a must have !
 Apparently this is about the best $ ... I have spent lately -LRB- aside from the Gameboy game I sent my nephew -RRB- . My niece is mesmorized by this game , and it is keeping my sister busy building parades . My niece is a little too young to run this program by herself , but she has definitely figured out what button needs to be pushed to make the parade start ! My sister also told me that she likes the fact that you can save multiple parades for those days when she just does n't have time to help create a new one . This seems to be a winner !
 I recently got this game for my 2 girls , ages 5 and 3 , and it is one of their absolute favorites ! They love the `` Strike up the band '' song at the beginning and have it memorized . They love choosing outfits , grooming the animals , and decorating the floats . They ask to play this game all the time ! I highly recommend this game for any girl !
 I got this for my 3 1/2 yr old for Christmas , and both her and her 7 yr old sister LOVE it ! They have played it for hours . The graphics are very good and it has lots of cute and entertaining games ! I highly recommend this one ! It 's worth the money !
 After doing alot of researching and reading reviews I purchased Kelly 's Pet Parade and it is fabulous.My four year old daughter has has no problems playing it without any supervision . Ability to use the mouse is important.She can keep the different activities as simple or as elaborate as she wants to.When you want to do a new parade you have to use a different name -LRB- susie2 etc. -RRB- or erase the saved parade.The whole thing is just darling and fun to play . My daughter has to do 30 minutes of a math or alphabet game before she can play Kelly 's Pet Parade . So , she likes it so much that using it as a reward has worked .
 I think this is a great product.I just got it yesterday , it 's so much fun.If you like to play with pets , you should buy this game .
 I purchased this game for my granddaughter who has been playing it with love for a few years . . she is now 7 and still loves to wash the dog ... have a parade and more . Fun little girl computer game .
 Lately , my 4 year old daughter has been obsessed with computer games . I 'm buying more games on CDs to decrease her exposure to the internet . She loves animals so I figured this would at least be mildly interesting . That turned out to be an understatement . She fell in love with it instantly.There are four characters in the game and each has an animal friend . To play the game , you have to prepare each character and their animal for a pet parade by teaching the animal a trick , picking out clothes for the character , and designing a float for each pair . After each pair and their float is ready for the parade , you have to organize the parade and add special effects . Then , you start the parade and the program plays out the parade that you designed . The parade is actually pretty brief , but it can be played over and over as many times as you like.The game can be quickly mastered by most children but has enough variety to encourage them to go back to repeat the tasks many times . There are a variety of clothing choices and float options . Even though it seems repetitious to me , my daughter does n't seem to mind it - and she 's very advanced with computer use . I 've also noticed that when she goes back over and over to play the games where she teaches the animals their tricks for a specific parade , the game increases in difficulty so it 's not monotonous . There are also several options for printables , including a cute friendship bracelet with your child 's name on it.This game certainly would not qualify as educational , although it does build good computer skills and hand/eye coordination . Overall , I would say it 's just good , clean fun.I gave this four stars because sometimes the program seems a little slow and there is a delay between screen changes . Also , you ca n't play the game without the CD in the disk drive , even after fully loading the game on the computer . This is a negative to me because for most kids , you would have to assist them with starting the game . However , my 4 year old has pretty much mastered inserting the CD , closing the drive drawer , and clicking on the program icon . I 'm just not totally comfortable with her doing it when I 'm not there . The last thing I need is to have a broken CD jammed in my computer ...
 My daughter received this as a Christmas present and loves it . She loves seeing all the animals and characters and is able to move around the game by herself . Best part for her is the actual parade . A good game for girls .
 We purchased this game a year ago and my girls still love to play it . Lot 's of activities , they love to decorate the floats and watch the parade .
 This was a Christmas gift . The Sparkling ice show is wonderful !!! My daughter plays with it all the time ! There are different levels of the game . Once you master them , you can create beautiful skating shows and save them . Works the childs coordination and motor skills . Beautiful costumes -LRB- 25 -RRB- ,15 choices of music and 3 pretty skaters all for your child to pick and chose for themselves . It 's a wonderful product !!! Highly recommend !!! Gail M. Milwaukee , WI ... Peace !!!
 My little sister and I got this for Christmas . I was n't so sure about it at first , 'cause Barbie 's for lil ' kids , but once I started playing I could n't stop . The way it works is that you first choose a routine , girl to perform , and your skating style . -LRB- Easy , medium , or expert -RRB- After you have practiced , you choose her outfit , music , ice color , decorations , etc. . Then you get to skate your show . There are five stops on the tour , finishing with a secret , mysterious , magical ice rink . You 'll find out what it is when you get there ! After you finish the tour , you get to put on exhibition shows , where you can choose from all the costumes , routines , music , locations - everything from the previous tours . Let me tell you , I am a competitive gymnast , not a figure skater , and this game still is one of my favorite computer games . It will appeal to everyone .
 It was great , . I it for my 7 year old sisters birthday . We played it all day laughing and gigleing . It was a ton of fun so go buy it .
 this is a rockin game its fun and you can even skate in the sky . i love choosing from like 30 outfits . i ordered from online -LRB- well my mom did it for me -RRB- and it took 3 weeks to get here and when it came i was sad because people said its a bad game but it wsant dont listen t anyone its soooooooo much fun !!!!!
 This was a Christmas gift . The Sparkling ice show is wonderful !!! My daughter plays with it all the time ! There are different levels of the game . Once you master them , you can create beautiful skating shows and save them . Works the childs coordination and motor skills . Beautiful costumes , music and 3 pretty skaters all for your child to pick and chose for themselves . It 's a wonderful product !!! Highly recommend !! Gail M. Milwaukee , WI ... Peace !!!
 Barbie sparkling ice show is really cool . First , You 're on a ` sparkling ice tour ' you get 3 skaters : Barbie , Teresa , and Christie . And then you choose a routine and a skater.Second , you do a '' practice routine '' -LRB- as far as I can remember -RRB- in which you -LRB- what else ? -RRB- practice your routine.There 's a little meter next to Barbie -LRB- whichever skater you choose -RRB- , you have to match the color on the meter to the color of the path , vice versa.And then , you do your show with clothes , music , etc.Then you do your show and when you 're done move on to other places . -LRB- my favorite is in the sky -RRB- . You keep doin ' this until you reach the end and then you can do an exebition show -LRB- if that 's how to spell it -RRB- . And either you keep doin ' exebition shows or else sign-in with a different name.The two complants I have is that the game should have more skaters and places.Also , I can only do the tour once unless I sign-in with a different name . I have this game on my computer and it works wonderfully , no bugs . For me , the graphics are beutiful and it feels like I 'm there with Barbie ! Oh , and I wish , at the end of the show , they -LRB- it -RRB- could throw the roses at Barbie in a more realistic motion. :-RRB- I mean , in my view , it looks like they are opening two invisible crates of roses next to Barbie and the roses all '' gush '' out at Barbie 's feet ! :D Over all , Great and Highly Recommended ! I play it for hours on end ! -LRB-
 it is so cool because you can pick barbies favorite music andpick her cute cloths you can even pick her backround i thinkit , s the best.barbie can be a super star and be a winer !!!!!!!!!
 `` Barbie Sparkling Ice Show '' is a fabolous game and can really inspire creativity and imagination , and that 's coming from someone whose 13 years old ! This game allows you to pick routines , music , costumes , and fun stuff like decorations and ice color and put it all together to make fabolous routines for Barbie , Christie , and Teresa on the five stops of the Sparkling Ice Tour . But once you finish the tour , the fun does n't end there - you can continue on skaiting cool exhibition shows using all of the details of previous shows.To work the game , you start off by preparing for the first stop of the tour and practice a routine that you pick out of a few selections with the skater you have chosen . You can pick from three levels
 All the other reviews say this product is boring and `` save your money '' ... Well my daughter & I LOVE IT!You get to pick one of three pretty girl skaters , You pick her one of , AT LEAST 15 costumes . Somebody said the skater `` never falls '' ?? Thats boloney . She falls plenty until you develope the hand eye coordination this FUN , FUN game takes . It 's a GREAT cd.rom for any age . Have some fun for pete 's sake ! This world is SO NEGATIVE ! I Highly Recommend Barbie Sparkling Ice Show !!!
 I bought this game for my daughter who is almost seven . She enjoys it very much . It works perfectly with Windows XP . I like the fact that it has skill levels , which helps avoid the `` frustration factor '' , which I 'm sure most of you reading this have experienced . The only reason that I did not give it a `` 5 '' is because it is quick to complete , especially on the `` easy '' and `` medium '' levels . Unless your child is totally into figure skating or Barbie , I feel this game is not for the 8 + crowd .
 My daughter , almost 7 , loves this game . She got it a few weeks ago and still plays with it every day . We did have to upgrade our system , but the game has n't crashed since and has n't been slow . Despite what others have said this game has lots of levels and takes lots of practice to master the freestyle levels . -LRB- The skaters will do lots of different tricks once the user learns how to do them . -RRB- This game has even seemed to help my daughter 's actual skating - she just went yesterday for the first time since receiving the game and had lots more confidence and moved more smoothly than she did the other times she went .
 My little sister and I got this for Christmas . I was n't so sure about it at first , 'cause Barbie 's for lil ' kids , but once I started playing I could n't stop . The way it works is that you first choose a routine , girl to perform , and your skating style . -LRB- Easy , medium , or expert -RRB- After you have practiced , you choose her outfit , music , ice color , decorations , etc. . Then you get to skate your show . There are five stops on the tour , finishing with a secret , mysterious , magical ice rink . You 'll find out what it is when you get there ! After you finish the tour , you get to put on exhibition shows , where you can choose from all the costumes , routines , music , locations - everything from the previous tours . Let me tell you , I am a competitive gymnast , not a figure skater , and this game still is one of my favorite computer games . It will appeal to everyone .
 This game is so much more fun that I was expecting . You get to choose 1 or 2 What 's Her Face characters and then dress them up in the Dressing Room . There are tons of clothes , hairstyles and different facial expresssions . Then you choose a background for your tv show . You can decorate the background with lots of different decorations . There are even whatever pets that jump around and do funny tricks . You can pick out different music and my favorite part besides dress up is that you can record your voice ! You can even make the girls do realistic dance moves and wave . Then you can go to the screening room and watch your entire tv show play . My sister and I love to sit around and make funny shows for eachother and see who can put the best outfits together .
 wow what a cool game!it is fun and hip . get thisgame !!
 I manage a child care facility , and this is one of the girls ' favorite games . I had one previously , and replaced it because it was so popular ! Would recommend it for age 5 and up .
 This computer game is so awsome ! Any girl who loves Hip , Cool , Sweet , and Glam would love this game . I own it and it is so fun . You get to create movies , change clothes , faces , and hair ! Also you can record you voice and coose music , and moves for your WHF friends ! This game has it all !!!!!!!!!!!! 5 stars ! *****
 wow what a cool game!it is fun and hip . get thisgame !!
 I recommend this to anyone trying to write a business plan . I wish i had know of it sooner .
 I 've read the other reviews and not experienced any of the problems the other people have.I 've created shows with 230 pictures , all decent size , with no difficulty.What I like most is that the pictures on the wide-screen tv are so much better than any other product I 've tried . They are considerably sharper , by a mile.I am not concerned about transitions , music , etc. . My concern is a good picture on a big screen , and this does it.I am using an older version , and it 's fine . The one thing that prevents me from giving it a 5 is that even though I tell the program NOT to include the viewer -LRB- I am doing these only for use in my DVD player -RRB- , the program still writes the viewer -LRB- the longest part of the process -RRB- . This was not the case when I used it on my previous computer , so there must be some kind of inherent conflict . I can live with this .
 I purchased this program because I wanted a drawing application that could handle 3-D and wireframe drawings - things that are difficult-to-impossible to do with Visio , which I use for most of my technical illustrations . The price was right and the fact that it was first developed by Visio -LRB- before Visio was purchased by Microsoft -RRB- convinced me that this was a good deal . I like the user interface , which is easy to learn -LRB- I also purchased a book titled Using IntelliCAD 2001 to reduce the learning curve -RRB- , and there is a discussion group on the Internet that is frequented by experts who can answer questions if you 're stumped.Although this program is positioned to compete with AutoCAD , and is priced far below that program 's steep price tag , my needs were much more modest . However , IntelliCAD does handle AutoCAD files , and has most of the features , including built-in programming language support -LRB- AUTO Lisp -RRB- , does complex line types and most other basic CAD features that are essential for production quality computer-aided drafting . If you 're looking for a powerful and cost-effective alternative to AutoCAD IntelliCAD may fit your needs . If you also need photo-realistic rendering , raster image display and display of ACIS solids you may want to look at the professional edition of IntelliCAD , which also includes integrated Microsoft VBA -LRB- Visual Basic for Applications -RRB- and integrated document management capabilities . I strongly recommend getting a copy of the book titled Using IntelliCAD 2001 with this program because it serves as both a tutorial and technical reference manual .
 I have used this product as well as almost all the other CS3 Products and have not once experienced any crashes or what not and I use only PC computers . Never a Mac and have run it on my Home brew computer and a ASUS laptop and a cheap Dell computer and on all three I have not once experienced any problems . I have 2 gigs of ram on all three computers and all are AMD x2 400 to 4200 + cpu ` sExcellent product and would recommend it to anyone . Though find yourself a user guide if you have not used the CS3 softwares before .
 I just purchased Adobe After Effects CS3 Professional used and abused the program without a hitch . . no crashing ... an awesome program . I must add I 'm running a PC 3.3 Ghz , SCSI HDs with 4 gigs of ram ... I have Adobe Premiere Pro CS3 as well as PhotoShop CS3 extended edition . I acquired PhotoShop when I only had 1 gig of ram , it crashed several times until I upgraded to more ram . Have n't had an issue since the RAM upgrade
 I purchased this directly from Total Training many months ago -LRB- paid much more for it -RRB- along with the companion disc set Digital Photography for Photoshop Elements 2 . If you watch the video instruction and do the lessons alongside , this is the most painless way to learn.I am not the brighest guy around , and at 64 , not too keen on reading lessons from a book as I practice them at my computer . I did try that and its a slow and frustrating process . One tends to give up after a while . And some books are not helpful in clarifying where the specific menu/commands reside . Photoshop Elements 2 does have a steep learning curve ; even the basic features are not easily learned , unless you see the demonstration in a video.I learnt a lot faster with this method and enjoyed the lessons . Learned the features and how to get around in PE2 , about masks , layers , etc. . Red-eye removal is a snap , blue eyes , green eyes , no problem . After that I was able to absorb lessons and pointers from other books more easily.Deke familiarizes you with the PE2 environment first of all and that was the start of many enjoyable hours learning the power and features which PE2 offers.Buy this one first . It paves the way to understanding some of the more advanced tutorial books for PE2 .
 I wo n't go into the technical detail of this product as you can find reviews all over the net . But as a user of Premiere Pro 6 I was looking for something more updated to handle HD content even better and has tight integration with sound and effects providing software . I narrowed the search down to Premiere Pro CS3 and Sony 's Vegas Pro 8 . Both are great products and would serve a pro/pro-am filmmaker or home video tinkerer equally well . I decided on the Premiere Pro CS3 product basically due to the tight integration with other Adobe products such as After Effects CS3 , Photoshop CS3 Extended , SoundBooth CS3 etc. . Sony knits well with Cinescore and I really like Cinescore but the various Adobe software suites really can provide you with a complete production studio.I liked Premiere Pro CS3 so much that I invested in the CS3 Master Collection , a bit pricey -LRB- as are all of Adobe products for some reason -RRB- but in my opinion and for the film projects that I am working on -LRB- semi-pro -RRB- , the investment is well worth it . If you have some technical abilities , a desire to learn the software packages and are willing to hone your craft -LRB- artistic as well as technical -RRB- you can be a 1 person professional production studio . Some of the end results that I have produced with the CS3 suites and a pro-sumer HDV camera are indistinguishable from a production that has spent hundreds of thousands or more on post-production , including some eye popping special effects.I give it 5 stars because Premiere Pro CS3 is at the top of the game . The only real cons I have found so far are A -RRB- the price and B -RRB- it is a huge memory user . The minimum requirements say you need at least 1 GB of memory and they mean it . Optimally , you should have more than that for video production of this caliber . I 'd say at least 3 GB is prime . 4 or more is gravy .
 Excellent product . Already put to good use . Many features and capabilities no other NLE seems to have .
 Simple to install and easy to use the software does not eat much memory and works without much intrusion in your daily life and fore that I give it 5 stars.Updates are done often or as often as you wish and take only a very short time to download ... try that with other programs of this nature.I would buy again .
 I just finished writing a review for eTrust 's Internet Security package after I saw the unbelievable amount of negative responses . I will not go back to Norton or Mcafee unless the mimic CA 's design and usefullness . I am on my second year with this program and have nothing but wonderful things to say about it . It is does not bog my system down like the `` other '' two nor did it take a lot of space -LRB- space was not a issue for me but it helps keep the system running smoothly -RRB- . Again , this program is great and I definitly recommmend it !
 I have installed all popular AntiVirus programs on various machines and all have their weaknesses . I got fed up with Norton when multiple problems led to `` uninstall and reinstall '' which still did n't solve problems.ezAntivirus works fine and the subscriptionss are the most reasonable around . It updates incredibly fast ; others do n't . CA even allows subscription transfer to another machine!Reviewers with lockup problems -LRB- BSODs -RRB- with 2000/XP should update their Nero InCD program ; this is a known bug .
 I bought this bundled with EZ-Firewall . In spite of the dumb name this AV software is unbeatable . Despite or maybe BECAUSE of it 's lean and mean characteristics . It is small , fast and effective.Norton and McAfee should study this program hard . AV programs should be unobtrusive and require little overhead . Norton takes over your system and eats resources like no tomorrow . McAfee is just nagware constantly reminding you of all the great other McAffee products that you have n't bought yet and to add injury to insult it misses things . Before I installed eTrust in one machine I scanned with Norton with the latest sig file , system rea clean , ETrust found 4 virus files on the first sweep after installation ! Real ones . -LRB- McAfee was better when it was inexpensive shareware -RRB- I trust this software and have purchased several licenses , one for each machine . It is well worth it . Scrap the other bloatware , this will make your machine safe and still usable . With eTrust installed I know I am safe.Highly recommended.eTrust just works .
 EZ Antivirus DOES scan incoming and outgoing email -LRB- contrary to what the other reviewer might believe -RRB- . This program may not include a firewall , but the firewall built into Windows XP SP2 is acceptable and the free edition of Zone Alarm is a good alternative as well.The best aspect of EZ AntiVirus 2005 is that there is NO drag on system performance . Trend Micro , Norton , and McAfee ALL take a 6 % hit on system performance , and all those other antivirus programs cause crashes , hangs , and blue screens under Windows XP -LRB- see cnet.com if you do n't believe me -RRB- . The interface on EZ Antivirus is much better on the newer version 7 , so be sure to grab the latest version on their web site . Trust me - you 'll never go back to Norton again !
 I have tried all the free antivirus software including some pay ones . I have tried AVG -LRB- this one would not update -RRB- I download Avast -LRB- this one hogged my system resources and almost crashed my computer -RRB- . I tried Mcafee -LRB- this one would not update at all , even when I tried to update , failed to find 4 viruses and made my computer slower than it was before -RRB- . So far eTrust EZ Antivirus has worked the best . It does not hog system resources and my computer is once again fast again . Thanks Computer Associates .
 This program is bulletproof . It updates automatically and does n't have a bunch of annoying popup messages that try to sell other products , unlike McAfee and Symantec . Best of all it 's dirt cheap . Ignore the 1 star rating by another review .
 I have installed ver . 7 of this software on four computers , two running XP Pro and two with Win98SE . Absolutely no problems with installation on any computers , no software broke , the updates work fine , the automatic scans work fine , and several viruses have been intercepted in email . -LRB- Yes , of course the program scans email . -RRB- Zone Labs of ZoneAlarm fame uses CA Antivirus in their Security Suite , and THAT works fine in a couple of other computers that I manage.The program uses resources sparingly . It wo n't slow down your system nearly as much as Norton Anti-Virus . On one of my computers , with an Athlon XP 1800 running XP Pro and 512 mb RAM , the program scans about 260,000 files per hour.The manufacturer offers a free trial download , if you want to test it out . Obviously some others here have had problems with the program , but so far I am very happy with it .
 My son 's new interest in aquatic life , particularly sharks , is what led us to this software program . He 's four years old and very used to working on the computer so we have quite a collection of software . Well , this has become one of his favorite programs for many reasons but mainly because it is FUN . The key character , Stanley , is very likable , smart , and determined to get his school project finished . His British/Australian -LRB- ? -RRB- sounding fish friend sounds nice to listen to and is a good `` thinking '' companion to Stanley throughout the program . The graphics and music are also very colorful and upbeat . Apart from just playing , I see that my son is also learning bits of information on ocean animals by referencing the `` Great Big Book of Everything '' during the game . The only frustration is that he wants to start every game from the beginning and if you click on a previously entered name the game picks up where you left off . Other software programs let you choose to start a new game each time . Nonetheless , we both like this program so much that I 'm going to explore other Stanley software . By the way , we do n't watch the TV program so it 's not necessary to know the characters in advance of playing . Just have fun !
 Not only has `` Stanley '' become our 3 year-old son 's favorite program on TV , it 's also the one my wife and I admire the most . The creative team behind `` Stanley '' does a remarkable job of making the show educational AND fun . However , we had modest hopes for this software , because other educational software titles we 've bought based on TV or movies have proven to span the quality spectrum from merely okay to downright lame.Wow , were we ever pleasantly surprised . `` Stanley
 Wow , It 's unfortunate to see people not able to get this game to run , because it is the best , most entertaining kids game my kids have played yet!After buying and finding all the other Monsters Inc garbage -LRB- the Scream Arena , and other games so convoluted and terrible that we took all of them back -RRB- , this one is pure gold . My kids play it every day , and because of the different ways to get kids to laugh in the bedroom portion , it 's never the same game twice.Stylistically , the game fits standard Freddi Fish kind of adventure gaming . Finding pieces , talking to various people , and clicking on everything to see the little animations.Amazing stuff , i wish every kids game I bought was this good .
 We love barbeque at our house and this it just the software to help find new menues and save special menues for another time .
 I bought this game at Best Buy and am glad I did ! This game has good levels which are FUN games ! I do think they need to add a couple more ! Although it may look as though there is only multiplayer , there is a single game . One game which you squirt other players is REALLY hard to control ! I do n't think you are supposed to control the people ! The level is really fun though . When you choose a player -LRB- s -RRB- the game chooses the other people you are playing against . The sound is really hard to hear but not bad if you turn up the volume . The graphics are okay . All and all I think this is a pretty good game !
 I loved the game.it is so cool.I love spongebob and jimmy.I love the basketball games , I beat them all.well that is all-OVER AND OUT
 One of the biggest problems with the XBox platform is the almost-total lack of games for younger kids . My 5 - and 7-year-olds do n't care for sports simulations -LRB- they 'd rather just go out and play , thank goodness -RRB- , and the rest of the XBox titles are very specifically geared to teens and adults . Even the Shrek title is surprisingly nasty and unsuitable for the under-12 set -LRB- it 's rated Teen -RRB- . So when I saw a preview of this game at CES , I was delighted . It includes the full cast of all of Nick 's hit shows and the gaming looked like it would be easy for kids to master and enjoy for a long time . I think this will be a serious hit for XBox !
 This is an awesome game for youger children . My biggest problem with XBox was the limited number of games geared toward pre-teens . This is a major hit and my 9 year old loves this game .
 This game is fun and easy !! If you played Mario Party 4 for Gamecube and loved it , you 'll like this game too . There are alot of short and easy mini-games to play in it . So , it may be too easy for kids older than 7 . I love the basketball and the squirting mini-games the most . I 've only had the game for a week now but I play it every day when I get home from school .
 this a great game . you have so much levels and so many characters to choose from . overall this is a great game to pass time by or just brighen your day if your bored .
 FYIWith Windows XP you can run programs in what is called ` compatibility mode ' , and one of the compatibility modes you can choose is Windows 95 . To do this , install the program , then find a shortcut to the program -LRB- in the program 's start menu folder , on the desktop ... -RRB- . Then right-click on the shortcut and select `` Properties '' from the popup menu . In the Properties dialog , select the `` Compatibility '' tab . In that tab , check the box labeled `` Run this program in compatibility mode for : '' and select the appropriate Windows version from the dropdown list -LRB- in this case , Windows 95 -RRB- . Click `` OK '' until all the dialog boxes are gone . The program should now work just fine . I run several older programs on Windows XP , and I use this for all of them .
 This is an excellent product . Very easy to use and loads of information ! Worth of money !
 For the low price , you definitely get your money 's worth ! The program covers numbers , telling time , basic words , sentences , colors , nations , foods , names of body parts , and more ! I especially like that each word is pronounced , not just by one person , but by a man and a woman , so you get a little bit of variation on acceptable pronunciation . And it even has a feature where a word is first said by the software , then you say the word -LRB- you need to have a mic -RRB- and then you get to hear how your pronunciation sounds compared to how the software says it . There are tests , both easy and hard , which I personally enjoyed . And there 's a game show type test option that is kind of cute and fun too . And all this is just on the FIRST of the five disks ! The other disks cover such things as pronunciation tests -LRB- the software critiques how well you pronounce the words -RRB- , an interactive picture Dictionary -LRB- Kind of like the Rosetta Stone Explorer series -RRB- , and a cool game called `` Who is Oscar Lake ? '' where based on how well you do will determine if you win the day or end up in prison.While you 'll not become fluent in German with just this software , you 'll certainly be able to make your way around Germany just fine after using this software.That 's My Opinion , But You 're Welcome To It .
 Super software for the priceCovers all the elements to learn GermanVery fun and engaging activitiesI will highly recommend it , you definitely get a great value for a low price
 Fast service ; product as described and I am required to write 15 more words which I shall do but I think is ridiculous . What more can I say other than I am quite satisfied .
 It 's better than building your own flash cards.Not sure how the rating works on the games.But I do seem to remember words and I 've keptup the study better than just using the book and CDs .
 For the low price , you definitely get your money 's worth ! The program covers numbers , telling time , basic words , sentences , colors , nations , foods , names of body parts , and more ! I especially like that each word is pronounced , not just by one person , but by a man and a woman , so you get a little bit of variation on acceptable pronunciation . And it even has a feature where a word is first said by the software , then you say the word -LRB- you need to have a mic -RRB- and then you get to hear how your pronunciation sounds compared to how the software says it . There are tests , both easy and hard , which I personally enjoyed . And there 's a game show type test option that is kind of cute and fun too . And all this is just on the FIRST of the five disks ! The other disks cover such things as pronunciation tests -LRB- the software critiques how well you pronounce the words -RRB- , an interactive picture Dictionary -LRB- Kind of like the Rosetta Stone Explorer series -RRB- , and a cool game called `` Who is Oscar Lake ? '' where based on how well you do will determine if you win the day or end up in prison.While you 'll not become fluent in German with just this software , you 'll certainly be able to make your way around Germany just fine after using this software.That 's My Opinion , ut You 're Welcome To It .
 This was a great game for children . My toddler nephew who loves Caillou loved this game and it was one that he was able to play lone without very much adult supervision .
 I read the other reviews for this title & could n't help noticing something . This product is also available in numerous other languages which are also sold on Amazon.com I found it odd how the same exact product -LRB- but for another language -RRB- could receive 4 & 5 stars - while this one recieved only 1 . Strange indeed - so , I had to check it out . The product is excellent , and it does what it says - it get 's you `` speaking '' the language . My daughter actually had one of the CD-ROM 's contained in this box set - `` Who is Oscar Lake '' and I 'm not kidding when I tell you it cost $ $ ! Imagine my surprise when I opned up the package and saw this title inside . How anyone could anyone knock a software title that cost them $ $ - but has a value of $ $ $ , is beyond me . Combined in this set are over 3,000 words & phrases - if learning these ca n't get you speaking a new language , I do n't know what can . After looking at other programs I strongly believe that for the money - there is n't a better program around .
 I find it odd that some other reviewers complained about the format . Yes , the first CD teaches you vocabulary and the second CD is in Italian , but this is exactly how you would learn a language in any quality language class . You ca n't expect to learn a language by someone holding your hand through the whole process . It may be a little challenging , but the end result is the ability to ask someone basic questions in Italian and listen to the response without a blank stare on your face.I bought these CDs to learn a little Italian before a trip to Italy , and I found the vocabulary to be very relevant to prepare for an Italy trip . Sure , this may not be as effective as Rosetta Stone , but it is also a much better value .
 My husband and I bought this item in hopes of being able to understand some of the locals in Mexico -LRB- we go there quite often -RRB- . So far , we absolutely love this program ! We 've both learned more in one weekend of using the program than in the months we spent trying another program . I am currently on the second disc -LRB- out of 5 -RRB- and he is nearing the end of disc one . We 've also looked at disc 4 -LRB- the picture dictionary ... a great disc ! -RRB- . We also downloaded the Spanish-English Dictionary bonus disc . I would buy this item again in a heartbeat !
 Excellent in presentation , the only disappointment is that it is teaching the `` th '' sound that you find in Spain , not in Mexico , but all in all an excellent product .
 At this price , I have never seen a program that gives so much for so little out of pocket . For the price , you will not find as much great material presented in such a wonderful and engaging format.First , this is not one program ... it is 5 complete learning programs in one set.The first program `` Talk Now '' covers basic vocabulary . While the material is basic , yet good , the graphics are not that great . However , the program is logical and the material covered is necessary.The next programs , `` World Talk '' and '' Talk to me '' build on each other and the material covered grows more complex . You have the opportunity to record your own voice and to interact with the programs.The `` Interactive Picture Dictionary '' provides another way to learn vocabulary , which will be especially helpful for travelers.Finally , `` Who is Oscar Lake '' is a fun advanced and interactive way to learn Spanish in a video game format . While it is not as flashy as video games on any of the popular game boxes , it provides a way to learn that is fresh and fun.Highly recommended for beginners and more advanced learners . If you are a just starting out , this set will provide a year or more worth of lessons .
 This is a fun review for touching up on Spanish . Great for the kids.I would recommend for anyone who has plenty of time to practice and learn basics .
 This order arrived timely and was exactly what was advertised ... now I just need to dedicate time to going through the program .
 I have never learned Spanish before , so right now this has benn a great learning tool . Hard to compare with others since this is the first . But just like anything else , if we want to get better we must practice , practice , practice !
 It is true that the graphics are off from the sound but you learn great amounts so who cares . I reccomend this to everyone .
 This CD has a lot to know . If you take your time you usually learn pretty well . I myself am only on the first CD . I am learning the words before the symbols -LRB- personally , I think that works the best -RRB- . Overall , it 's good . But I need to spend a lot of time on it . The second CD has just Japanese , so if I were you I 'd spend a lot of time and get the required 1800 points .
 ... this is one of the best Japanese software programs I 've ever seen . It 's better than some I 've pated -LSB- much more -RSB- for , and it 's well woth it to anyone who wants to learn to speak Japanese .
 I have read several other reviews of this software . Apparently , I have a different version or something . I have read comments from `` XP bugs '' to `` does n't teach anything . '' I have had no problems with XP , and if you actually buy the four disc set , disc three has a very useful piece of software -LRB- `` Human Japanese '' -RRB- that is a wonderful teacher . Not only is it thorough , the author used excellent teaching techniques to help you understand the content . The only thing it really does n't hit on is Kanji . If you want to start learning Japanese , I can not urge you enough to try this software.The other CDs are useful as well , but are only programs to test how much you know ; not teach you -LRB- there is also a good translator program on disc 4 , JQuickTrans -RRB- .
 I did n't buy this off of Amazon , but at the discount aisle at Fry 's Electronics . I thought it was alright . I gave these a confusion level . 5 is the most , 0 is the least.The first CD , Talk Now , was awesome . It teaches some basic words and phrases , along with colors , food , numbers , and a few other things . When you think you 're ready to play the quiz game , you can get printable awards depending on how you did.Confusion Level
 If you 're starting to learn Japanese , a feat to be applauded in itself , this is an amazing package . It 's fun , interactive , and educational . Do n't even think about trying to get a foot in the door without this . Books are great but to be able to see people pronounce the words with enthusiasm in correlation to the picture of the word is SO helpful and helps it stick amazingly well too . Another commenter posted that the games were worthless but they 're only useless if your not focused on learning . This makes it so simple AND enjoyable , something I 've never found with any other software out there . I was at first hesitant by the low price wondering how it could possibly deliver . BUY this as it 's a steal and for the dedicated learner , a great way to start .
 Instant Immersion Japanese is a very good course and I have learned a good deal of Japanese from it . I highly recommend it.I do feel strongly that a good ` car based ' course such as Behind the Wheel Japanese is necessary to get the practice you need while driving.My personal study itinerary involves using Instant Immersion Japanese at home and Behind the Wheel Japanese in my car . I am learning to speak and Japanese at a very rapid pace and am enjoying the process .
 I really love this progam because I 'm learning Japanese . It is pretty hard but I always study every day and learn new things . My Japanese friend is helping and he said I 'm doing good on it.The first disk teaches you the basics like words and phreases . The second disk is so cool and it 's helping learn new words . The third disk teaches you how to read and write in Japanese . The forth disk is has a study guide and a dictionary.I really love this because it is helping me and I love it!Sayonara !
 I love this its excellent for beginners and intermediate alike . I have had it for about 3 months and i almost completed the hiragana phase . Use these cd in the right order and you will be fine .1 . use cd # 3 that teaches the characters and gives pointers on gerneral japanese2 . use cd # 1 this teaches you basic words and saying + numbers3 . cd # 2 teaches you intermediate to advanced japanese , be sure to get all 1800 points in the cd # 1 then go to cd # 24 . Cd # 4 gives you quick translations and their characters.Get this it is definitly worth it and at a great price for all the cds and info it comes with !!
 I think this software is a help because you can learn more languages . It is important to know other languages in the buisness woeld so you can talk to all clients .
 I use this software frequently and it has raised my grade by at least a full letter grade . It has a user friendly main screen and the tests it provides are pertinent and helpful . I live by this software for my Biology grade .
 Biotutor might not be the most entertaining software on the planet , but it certainly gives extra curriculum for the average student in Biology . Beside , Biotutor has explanations and notes , which can be useful if you miss a class or are too lazy too take notes . It has plenty of extra exercises that will help you be successful in Bio . The tutor softwares are actually the best review for the SAT II exams in biology , chemistry , and physics . So you might as well take this in consideration before you judge this program.Alex .
 Bio tutor might not be the most intertaining software , but its really good for extra help and curriculum . It also has explanations , and notes which are really goo if you missed a class or are too lazy to take notes in class . Bio tutor excalibur is an excellent product to get extra content in biology .
 Biotutor is an invaluable tool for any student taking AP Biology or struggling in a Biology class . Last year I took regular Biology and did very well . I think my average was an A or A - . But , thinking I was such a good Biology student I took AP . It was not the same their is more math in it than I expected . But thankfully I found Biotutor and am now a great Bio student .
 This Biotutor helped me in one day ... I was not doing to great in Biology in the start of the yearbut after i started using this software my grade shot up.I was very pleased with this program and i recomend it foranyone who is taking Biology or anyone who plans on taking it.It will with no doubt help your grade ! - Joe O'Connor
 This product was amazing . Being a freshman in high school the transition period is hard . I was n't doing well in any of my subjects . However thanks to Biotutor I am doing great in Bio now . I owe my success to Biotutor and I want to share it with the world . I recommend Biotutor to anyone taking Biology .
 i am currently in bio and i was struggling . then my friend kirby daly gave me bio tutor and it made a huge difference . i was never doing well until bio tutor came along . its pretty much a bio tutor in a box . everyone in bio should get this program .
 Our BioTutor Excalibur software includes biology tutorials in each of the following 24 subject areas :1 . Inorganic Chemistry2 . Biochemistry3 . Cells -LRB- Organelles -RRB- 4 . Cells -LRB- Plasma Membrane -RRB- 5 . Bioenergetics6 . Mitosis & Meiosis7 . Classical -LRB- Mendelian -RRB- Genetics8 . Human Genetics9 . DNA Structure & Replication10 . RNA & Protein Synthesis11 . Origin of Life & Evolution12 . Bacteria , Viruses & Protists13 . Invertebrates14 . Vertebrates15 . Skeletal , Muscular & Integumentary Systems16 . Digestion & Absorption17 . Circulatory , Respiratory & Immune Systems18 . Renal System -LRB- Kidneys -RRB- 19 . Nervous System20 . Endocrine System -LRB- Hormones -RRB- 21 . Reproduction & Development22 . Fungi & Non-Vascular Plants23 . Vascular Plants24 . EcologyIt 's not an attractive program . You 'd have to be a science geek to find this `` fun . '' But it 's useful for review and complements a lass well . On top of that -- it sure does beat writing a million index cards !
 When i say excalibur saved me i mean it . In the begging of the year i was failing bio . My schools does n't provide any tutors and my teacher is almost never around for extra help . So i went online to slove my problem . I found practice problems but nothing that would help teach me , until i found Biotutor Excalibur . The program proved to be very interactive , reveiwing and teaching me material i did n't understand , and also providing practice quizes and tests . My grades started going up and im now in the B + A - range .
 I am a biology student . Through the first trimester I was struggling and had nowhere to look for help . The concepts were just going in one ear and out the other . Then a fellow student told me to try Bio Tutor Excalibur and I immediately began to reap the benefits . I did it on my own time so I was able to go throguht the matierial at my own pace . Whenever I did n't understand a question I could simply look at the explanation on Bio Tutor and throguh a detailed , easy to understand explanation , Bio Tutor helped me understand all the matierials . I am now more active in class and finally know what we are talking about in class . Bio Tutor has helped me raise my grade significantly . I thoroughly recommed Bio Tutor to anyone looking to raise there grade in biology or just simply get a beter grasp on the matierial . Thank you Bio Tutor !
 Before using Bio tutor I had around a C - in my biology class . Being a strait A student I was lost on how I could struggle with one subject as much as I did . After trying several study guides and software I finally came across a program called Bio Tutor Excalibur . After using Bio Tutor for one month my grade improved from a C - to a B + . I found that I was even able to grasp the consents in class quicker than even the top Bio students . Bio Tutor helped me and I 'm sure I can help you whether you are a mediocre student , a bad student or just want to go above and beyond in Biology.By
 I live in Washington D.C. and as big as it is , you think I would n't have any trouble finding help with my studies , well think again.When I just entered my sophomore year at Chevy Chase High , I knew I had to take Biology . I new I was n't strong in chemistry last year , and I knew this year , Biology will take a toll on my grade . Well my cousin in Lakeland , Fl had tried out this software called Physics Tutor Excalibur , and he said it was tremendous and it helped him out so much . So he told me that they made a Chem Tutor Excalibur , and a Bio Tutor Excalibur . Well since he is my favorite cousin I took his word and bought Bio Tutor off Amazon.Com . I got it rather quickly , because I over-nighted it , and I was on my way to earning myself a better grade.I knew it would be hard to Cancel out my D from my first trimester , so I tried with all my might , testing myself on Bio Tutor , using it religiously . My teacher took me aside 3 weeks after buying and using this software , and made it apparent to me , that I had been doing outstandingly well , in his class , he wanted to know what made me so great , with in such a short period of time , he actually thought I was cheating , I assured him I was n't and told him about Bio Tutor Excalibur , and let him use my copy to try it out . Not only did I pass that trimester with an A , he gave me bonus points for finding this excellent software ! We use it in class every other day , and it has been such a fun learning interactive tool for success , I can only help but thank the brilliant people who made this software .
 When I first began my Biology 115 course and got an F on the very first exam , I knew that I was in trouble . Luckily for me , I discovered BioTutor . With the help of this software , I quickly learned all that I needed to about Biology . This program helped me a lot specifically with vocabulary and memorization , in addition to aiding me with body parts and functions . With BioTutor my grade went from a D to an A - , and this is the easiest way for anyone to learn any level of Biology anywhere .
 let me start of by saying I suffer from a sever case of ADHD , I cant stay focused on anything for to long and my parents do n't seem to believe in modern medicine . So needles to say it affects my school work . My inability to focus was being reflected on my bio grade , Im not the brightest student but I knew I could do better . My parents told me I did n't need medicine and so began the search for a program to tutor me . As soon as we saw the name something felt strange , like I knew it would help then all the reviews sealed the deal for us . We bought the program and have been very happy with it since my grade practically skyrocketed it was like a miracle . And I must admit im starting to believe maybe just maybe I can make it with out the meds . Bio tutor , along with a little faith in the good lord , will sure help .
 i have recently bought biotutor because of my satisfaction with Physicstutor Excalibur . just like physics tutor it helped me learn biology with more fun and speed than i could have imagined .
 BioTutor Excalibur is a great program tutorial if you are having trouble in Biology . I am a student in Montreal and it has helped my grade improve in AP Biology . I used it to prepare for the AP exam and I did a great job . I got a 4 on the exam and 70 % of the questions on the exam were related to the problems on BioTutor Excalibur . Thank you for making this program !!!! It has been a great help to me and I will pass it on to a friend who is struggling in Biology .
 I have recently reccomended Bio Turor to kids on my street . They had told me how they were all stuggling in Biology and they didnt know what to do . Bio Tutor , of course , was the first thing that came to my mind . Later that week 3 of them bought it and cant stop talking about how much it has helped them . They have just started reccomending it to all of their friends as well . Bio Tutor is the best program on the market right now and i reccomend it to everyone in Biology .
 I use this software frequently and it has raised my grade by at least a full letter grade . It has a user friendly main screen and the tests it provides are pertinent and helpful . I live by this software for my Biology grade .
 The transition from middle school to high school was very hard , especially moving into classes of much larger sizes -- such as biology . I was earning an A - in biology for the majority of the year , until a relative of mine showed me Biotutor Excalibur at the end of my term . I scored my first 100 on our last test `` Cell Division '' , bumping my grade up to an A + . I have found this program extremely useful for review purposes , and plan to continue using it in the future .
 This is the most amazing thing I ever seen.It helps me doing my homework , preparing for the tests , and studying for SAT II . I love this product and you should try another version of this , like Physics , and Chemistry . Thanks for making this amazing products .
 When I got my first mid term grades the blaring abberation from the rest of my strait B - 's was a D in bio . I was literally contemplating suicide when I thought of how my parents would react . Being a Korean they would probably use Chinese Torture before discarding my mutilated body on the side of a road somewhere . I was able to hide this grade from them until the end of the term when I had pulled the grade up to a C - ! Thanks to this amazing program I am alive and well today ! Thanks Chemtutor Excalibur .
 I just finished my first semester at RPI -LRB- Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute -RRB- . BioTutor Excalibur has been a great help to me over the past few months in helping me to learn basic biology . I am not blessed with the ability to memorize a lot of material easily , but that is exactly what is required to do well in Biology ; there are HUNDREDS of facts , names , and mechanisms that have to be memorized . I understand the material in the textbook when I read it , but that definitely is n't enough for me to recall all of that material when I take a test . That 's where BioTutor Excalibur has been immensely helpful . Its tutorials are exactly what I have needed . I wish I 'd had it when I was taking high school Biology ; I definitely would have done better!I really like the way the tutorials in BioTutor Excalibur are designed . The tutorials ask questions that are likely to appear on my Biology tests . If I ca n't remember the material needed for any of the questions , I can click on the Learn button for that question . The Learn screen then teaches me -LRB- or re-teaches me -RRB- the material associated with that question . If I still have trouble with a question , I can click on the Explanation button . This brings up the Explanation screen , which explains in detail everything that I need to know about that aspect of the material for answering that question correctly . By doing the tutorials over and over again , I eventually master the material and significantly improve my performance on the tests and exams . The illustrations and other diagrams and tables in the tutorials are especially helpful . Also , the immediate feedback that the tutorials provide makes BioTutor Excalibur more interesting and fun to use than re-reading the textbook over and over.I strongly recommend BioTutor Excalibur to any high school or college biology student who wants to learn biology more easily and do better on their biology exams.Kurt WicksRensselaer Polytechnic Institute
 If you could use some extra help with Biology , then you need to buy BioTutor Excalibur . It is excellent software that covers all the fundamentals of Biology as well as more advanced material . The tutorials are great and the explanations really help you learn the concepts . This program makes learning Biology more fun than normal , and improves your knowledge and raises your grade at the same time . Definately purchase this product .
 I am in 10th grade and studying the tough subject of biology . My final exam is coming up and I feel that I am not ready . All year I have struggled in the class and I dont know how I am going to pass my final . My mom purchased BioTutor about a month ago to help me prepare for my final . I started doing the tutorial on each section taking about a half hour a night to use the program . Slowly but surely I started to see improvement . Now my final is in less than 3 weeks away and i have moved on to doing 100 question tutorials as practice exams on the weekends . It is really helping ! Because of BioTutor 's great tools and questions I believe I will not only pass my exam but might even ace it . I feel so prepared all thanks to this great program .
 I have some of my biggest exams ahead of me in the next week . About a month ago I was n't sure if i was going to be able to understand all of the information that we 've been going over for the entire year of biology . There were some parts that i was really struggling to understand . When i got a hold of BioTutor Excalibur i quickly put it to use . I first attempted just some of the chapters we were on . After seeing how much they helped me with what we were studying i began to use every chapter such as a practice exam . I really feel like i am now ready to take this exam . Thanks BioTutor !
 I am a sophmore at Columbia High School and am currently taking Biology . During class , sometimes I do n't pick up on all the main points of the lesson , and it is reassuring to know that when I go home , I can start up my computer and find out exactly what I did n't catch in class . It is even more helpful when I have a test coming up and I can preview the basic questions that are standard on any Biology test . I do n't know about you , but I feel much more comfortable going into a test where I am confident in my ability to answer the questions accurately and fully . Thank you BioTutor , for making Biology much more comprehensible and easy for me this year .
 Have used this neat little program for a couple of weeks and find it :1 -RRB- Simple to use . Really no need for instructions2 -RRB- Very versitle . Using buisness card stock , made a zillion Christmas Package tags that really were nice .3 -RRB- Made very nice buisness cards as well . I recommend using ` high gloss ' buisness card stock if you are adding art/pictures to the card.Lots of clip art and the ablility to import other art/pix . I can Highly recommend , expecially at this price .
 This software is easy to use and works as advertised . I have only used the business card portion of the software but have no doubt that the label creator also works .
 With all the needs of computers , there are so many great pieces of software we honestly need to use for everyday life , and creating labels in honestly one of them . With the Printshop Business Card & Label Creator , it absolutely works very well as you can easily make and design labels of any kind . You can make labels for your needs and wants like creating and designing your own address labels for shipping packages , to setting up ordinary setups for when you need to send out traditional letters . But , my favorite featureon this software is that you can actually design create C.D. labels for jewel cases , for when you design your own music albums . It is a convient buy , and works great with Windows XP , as well as a good job on Vista . It works just as well as those more expensive label making software discs . I absolutely recommend this a whole lot.Price
 I bought a relatively expensive business card program that never worked right . I bought this just of business cards and it works great . The setup was easy and the program is user friendly . I spent more on ruined card stock with the expensive program than this program cost .
 It is really easy to work with it.You can create and write wherever you want , using the whole space or half of the card.Perhaps it just does n't have a variety of clip arts available , but a least you can import pictures from anywhere.It works perfect well with Avery cards , you just select the model number and print .
 I was able to make some nice business cards using both my own photos and the program 's graphics . Labels are nice too . The only problem I had was the program having all the types and styles of cards and labels I could purchase . I struggled a bit figuring out how to print on some sheets . It would have been nice to have better directions or help subjects in order to answer my questions . For the price it is a good program .
 Received it quickly and in excellent condition . The only drawback is that it has a limited number of included art to use on the cards . Overall it 's worth the money for someone starting up a small business on a shoestring .
 Had this game as a child and it kept me busy for hours , even though it only has a couple games it kept me entertained because the games were fun and easy .
 Not one of my son 's favorites but still a cute cd rom game that he enjoys
 This program is a very stripped down version of Poser . There is no animation in this application . It 's for posing 3D figures , rendering them and exporting or printing out 2 dimensional images only.Like many digital artists I do n't have the space or money for real human models so this application should help me . To help me actually `` draw '' the human figure I pose it in Poser Figure Artist , render the figure , print the figure out on my printer and trace over it with paper and a pencil , or export the image -LRB- figure -RRB- open it in photoshop and use my digital tablet to draw over it . You can actually use your digital tablet in P.F.A. also if you do n't want to use your mouse.It did n't take me long to learn the interface , it 's easy and even a little fun . The PDF manual will get you started but does lack some detail . I was able to get a basic pose in a short time by just playing around with the interface and not even reading the PDF manual at first.Making a complex pose can take a while . The easiest way I found to get a specific pose is to load a pre-posed figure closest to the pose you want then tweak the pose to what you want . One drawback I found was their is no `` undo '' so you have to save often or have the application `` memorize '' your poses often as you tweak them so you can get back to a pose if you get carried away with the pose . There are lots of pre-posed figures already in the program for you . Male , female , child , skeletons and a few robot figures are in there . The figures are good and clean and well proportioned -LRB- average person height , weight etc -RRB- . You can tweak just about every aspect of the figure and add props if you like . You can change the environment the figure is in also -LRB- lighting , color and background image -RRB- . P.F.A. seems to run fine on my system running windows XP . As with any 3D program the faster the system you have the faster it will run and render . Their are some preferences you can turn down to help your system deal with large render 's if you have an older computer and graphics card.Me being a strictly two dimensional paper and digital media artist Poser Figure Artist works fine for me . If your looking for something much more involved I would get the full version of Poser . I highly recommend going to `` e Frontiers '' web site and reading all the features Poser Figure Artist and Poser has to offer and choosing which version of Poser works for you.Shop around , cost for this application vary greatly -LRB- I found it on sale for 1/2 off price with optional digital down load -RRB- . Their are lots of reference web sites and support for Poser programs if you need help or information . There is a whole community of `` Posers '' out there . Have fun !
 After reading one of the other reviews here where the guy gave this 1 star , I had to put in my review . This is software , so if you have no ability to learn and manipulate software this is n't for you . Poser for artists is actually quite good and relatively easy to use , but you do have to learn how to use it . It will not just do it all for you . But again , the other reviewer complains that he could n't just throw it up on his computer and instantly get the result he was looking for . Let me just say that this software is n't that tough , but you ca n't be an idiot either.Who this software is ideal for :1 . Artists who need a solution for getting really tough poses with extreme perspective / foreshortening . You ca n't beat it for this purpose . There are poses and angles this software can do that you can not get from a life drawing model . Do n't get me wrong , you can use this as an in house model for basic figure study and it works fine , but it can go far , far beyond that .2 . Compositions using multiple models . Combined with the above makes it stellar .3 . These are perfectly fit models . Are you tired of models that have no muscle definition in your life drawing classes . . nuff said.Tips for posing :1 . YOU ARE WORKING IN 3D SPACE , so do n't try to get some specific pose by only moving the model from one single viewpoint . The easiest way I 've found to get a pose is to move around the model from face forward to side -LRB- and sometimes a top view -RRB- , until you get things where you want them .2 . Move the big parts of the anatomy first . What I 'm saying is do n't try to get the arm into place by pulling on the hand . This is where you can get screwy results . Get your basic pose by moving larger masses like chest , femur , forearm , etc. 3 . Combined with tip 1 . . Keep your perspective planes in mind . For example , if you need to move the shoulder back a little bit , do n't try to do it from the face forward position . If you just remember to move things from a viewpoint where you can see it move within the XY planes , you 'll always get what you basically expected .
 This is a good sign language aide . The software come with eight disks . The first disk is the downloading disk that also contains a n overview as well as the history of sign language.Disk 2 and 3 contains a dictionary of words that are used in sign language . The list is not exhuastive but it is extensive . The words that are in bold are on that disk . The normal font words are on the other disk . Each word comes with a visual representation of the sign . Each word comes with a written description of the sign that explains what the sign is trying to illustrate . Each word comes with a list of alternate and simular words . This is usefull in determining which definition of a word is being used . such as Ball-dance party , or Ball-play object . Unfortunutaley there is no written definiton of the word . The words are listed alphabetically and by catagory . They also have section for games and quizes where you can test your knowledge.Disk 4 contains finger splelling for all of the words in the alphabet . It also contains a discription ofthe grammar and syntax of sign language . Disk 5-8 conntains various f -RSB- phrases that are comonly uswed in everyday conversation . They are broken up into catatgories . The phrases also comes with a video interpretation.This is a good software to learn sign langauge on a casual basis so you can communicate with friends and family who are deaf . This software is a good study aide for a sign language class . If one wants to learn sign language professionally then they need to take a sign language class . This software is by no means a substiute for a formal class in sign language .
 I have had the Instant Immersion ASL Deluxe program for a little over a month . I think it is very helpful for those just learning to sign , but not for the more advanced signer . I have taken sign language courses in the past , and to me it is very similar , with the exception of that in school I had to learn signs from drawings , which can be difficult to see which way to hold you hand or turn you fingers . The program uses video to show how to correctly display fingers and how to make proper hand gestures . It also allows you to replay and to slow down the video if you need more practice with certain words or phrases.One downfall is that the program teaches mostly the noun version of each word and only a few examples are given for forming sentences when signing certain words . I found that the more words I learned the more I wanted to know how to use them in a different context and this program offered very limited examples if any , which is why I think it is better for the beginner-possibly intermediate-user . The set has 8 cds , # 1 installation , # 2 Dictionary Pt . 1 , # 3 Dictionary Pt .2 , # 4 Grammer and fingerspelling , # 5 - # 8 are Phrase guides . Enough to get you started .
 These CDs really helped me learn not only signs in ASL , but also how to truly `` speak '' in this subtle language . And seeing phrases signed by a variety of ASL users -LRB- ASL instructors and Deaf people -RRB- helped me see the variety different signers bring to the language . I learned from the lessons and videos , felt comfortable studying individual words in the dictionary , and had fun with the quizzes and games . Overall this is a great buy for someone who wants to learn American Sign Language .
 I have taken ASL I through a high school continuing education program . I found the Instant Immersion ASL Deluxe program provided me with the extra practice I needed to receive ASL and reinforce signs that were not initially clear to me in class . The CD provide helpful hints on converting signed English to ASL format . Etiquette and ASL history was also useful . I am glad I made the purchase .
 I am -LRB- ... -RRB- and I got this software for Christmas . I am really interested in ASL now -LRB- my friend and I have been learning signs for about a year from some books -RRB- . The video dictionary is awesome !
 This software is offers a good start for learning ASL . I 've learned the general syntax of ASL , a bit of vocabulary , and seen different people 's `` accents '' . It will also be a good reference for me because of the dictionary that is included . However , I wish it had better games and quizes .
 This software has more than I could have imagined for Sign Language . Even when I took courses in it , I do n't remember going through the grammar and sentence structure as thoroughly as this disk set does . Definitely something I would recommend to others .
 My daughter & the girl next door are spending hours a day with this program , learning sign language together . It is effective yet motivating . We have occassional problems with Windows XP which make it harder to load than some , but it 's always been usable . -LRB- works even better on the neighbor 's older system -RRB-
 Product came very quickly and is more than I had expected - I 'm sure I 'll enjoy using it to learn Sign language .
 I am still a new user but so far I am learning a lot from the collection of cd 's . First , the program installs easily , all you have to do is put in cd 1 . The videos are very clear and the wording that goes with each video is a big help in clarifying.The only down side so far is sometimes a box appears when you are using cd2 -LRB- dictionary -RRB- and it tells you in order to watch the video insert cd3 . This can be a minor nuisance but thankfully only happens once in a while . Has a great search tool as well . You just type in the word you want to sign and hit enter.Overall I am very happy with it , especially for the money . Never ending words and phrases .
 Very good product on how to learn sign language . Very easy to install and pickup the new ways of commmunciation . The only thing I wish it had was , instead of 7 cds , I wish it was all on 1-2 computer DVDs so I would have to switch cd media every each new topic .
 This product is a top to learn , not only about the sign language , but all the history of this language , very excellent explanations , and very useful advices on how to handel it and how to approach in a respectful way those people who live with this language . After all it 's the third most used language in the USA . Everything is in it !! thanks
 My newest daught-in-law is deaf , and suffice it to say , I knew no sign language when I met her . I purchased this product to help us communicate . The dictionary has been a real help and the videos are great for learning . I quickly learned some basic phrases and I , as well as the rest of my family , are learning more each day !
 This is a good sign language aide . The software come with eight disks . The first disk is the downloading disk that also contains a n overview as well as the history of sign language.Disk 2 and 3 contains a dictionary of words that are used in sign language . The list is not exhuastive but it is extensive . The words that are in bold are on that disk . The normal font words are on the other disk . Each word comes with a visual representation of the sign . Each word comes with a written description of the sign that explains what the sign is trying to illustrate . Each word comes with a list of alternate and simular words . This is usefull in determining which definition of a word is being used . such as Ball-dance party , or Ball-play object . Unfortunutaley there is no written definiton of the word . The words are listed alphabetically and by catagory . They also have section for games and quizes where you can test your knowledge.Disk 4 contains finger splelling for all of the words in the alphabet . It also contains a discription ofthe grammar and syntax of sign language . Disk 5-8 conntains various f -RSB- phrases that are comonly uswed in everyday conversation . They are broken up into catatgories . The phrases also comes with a video interpretation.This is a good software to learn sign langauge on a casual basis so you can communicate with friends and family who are deaf . This software is a good study aide for a sign language class . If one wants to learn sign language professionally then they need to take a sign language class . This software is by no means a substiute for a formal class in sign language .
 ASL Deluxe 8-CD edition is a considerable improvement over the older , 5-CD edition . That edition only worked with old , now-unsupported versions of Java , but the current one works with Java 1.6 . On Windows , you 'll need to install the latest Quicktime and the lastest Java Virtual Machine before you install ASL Deluxe , and you 'll also need to fix program shortcuts if you intend on having limited users , or more than one user , run it . The shortcut installation is pretty sloppy for an application made since Windows XP 's release.Fortunately , that 's all you need to fix . ASL Deluxe otherwise runs correctly , and the live signers performing the signs are a great replacement for the 3D animated signers in the previous release.You 'll find complete installation instructions here : http://www.antiwindowscatalog.com/?mode=product&id;=121
 I found this product very informative . It also comes with a video dictionary that is very useful .
 I 'm now in a program learning to be an interpreter , but I started out with this dvd program to see if I would enjoy sign language . Although some people would disagree with some of the signs -LRB- I had a deaf guy look at me like I 'm crazy when I signed a few things -RRB- , I still think it provides a very thorough knowledge of sign language . It 's very hard to learn this from a dvd program because language is a two-way street . You have to speak it -LRB- or sign it -RRB- and you have to understand it when it 's spoken back -LRB- or signed back . -RRB- This dvd does everything possible to help learn both directions . When I entered my very first sign language class , I knew almost every sign they taught us because of this program.The deaf guy who looked at me like I 'm crazy was from another part of the USA , and I 'm told that signing can be different in different parts of the country . And just like our language evolves all the time , especially slang , this one evolves and changes MUCH faster.If your interest continues beyond the basics , I would strongly recommend enrolling in a class at your local community college . It 's really fun !
 I wish i could have got the producer version for this price because it has the PSP vintage warmer -LRB- $ 159 -RRB- But at 40 bucks this is a steal , and your able to update to version 8 for $ 100 . I 've been using Cakewalk products since 2000 , and they keep getting better . 1 1/2 thumbs up -LRB- only cuzz there is no warmer -RRB-
 I do search and rescue work . My team , -LSB- ... -RSB- , uses maps created with this program for our extensive mission preparedness program . This mapping program has exceeded my expectations for a $ 100 mapping product . It is a little difficult to learn how to use at first , but once you learn the programming details , it is very functional . Great side by side map/google earth comparisons -LRB- when there is an internet connection -RRB- , very flexible print options.Pros
 This product is great and replaced my Norton Antivirus program that did not get rid of all viruses and did not have antispyware like this software does . This software works in the background and keeps viruses and spyware off my computer . Highly recommend !
 I 've tried several French software packages -LRB- and wasted a great deal of money -RRB- , including Learn French Now ! , Instant Immersion French , and others . This software , Smart Start French , is honestly the spiffiest of the lot . Unlike the others , this software gives a comprehensive approach -- you do writing , reading , and listening . -LRB- And speaking , if you 're brave ! -RRB- Plus , you get a cassette , an audio CD , * and * a CD ROM , plus the grammar workbook thingie . Other software packages seem to overhype themselves and claim they will teach you more than they realistically can . This software , by contrast , is a lot of work precisely because it is comprehensive -- but I really think you can learn some French from it . And , it 's fun . It 's more expensive than other packages , but I honestly think it 's worth the extra money . -LRB- It 's cheaper than a $ 400 class at the community college in any case . -RRB- That 's my two centimes ' worth .
 SmartStart is the most comprehensive software package for learning French I 've found . It 's not cheesey , and it 's well written , and you get an audio CD , a cassette , a grammar workbook , and a computer CD ROM all at once . It takes a little bit of effort , but you will totally learn some basic French with this . I 've tried other programs , too , like Transparent Language for French -- and they 're just not as well implemented -LRB- clunky or hard to understand or use in some way -RRB- . I really recommend trying the SmartStart stuff first .
 This is a cleverly put-together set of resources for learning French . The games are thoughtful and even fun and the speaking section does recognize words pretty well.The drawback is that while this is excellent , it is an excellent * supplement * to other instruction in French . What there is on grammar is limited , and there is n't a lot on why things are the way they are.As a vocabulary-builder , though , it is excellent and I would highly recommend it .
 The `` Sim Mania for Kids by Electronic Arts '' Is a wonderful fun addictive game which involves Taking your Sims and giving them the time of their lives or make them DIE . This software game is a wonderful game all Sim lovers will love . It has absolutly wonderful Graphics . Intense 3-D Graphics and The Sound Graphics rule this is a very addictive game once you get the hang of it so bye it for only -LSB- price -RSB- ! also it has `` SIM ANT '' , `` SIM TOWN '' , `` SIM TUNES '' , It also has 3 more wonderful SIM games ! :-RRB- !
 This game is AWESOME !!! I really like it . You have much to think about when playing so if you want a fun thinking game with exitment and it never ends .
 My kid had bugged me awhile for this game , so I looked around and found a new box even . I did n't realize it was that old of a game . I have an older Mac and this is an OS 9 game but plays pretty good in Classic . Turns out my kid used to play with it in Elementary School and every one kept fighting to play it so he hardly ever got to use it . Well , at least I was the best Dad in town , for a couple of weeks anyway .
 I use this everyday and it has saved me a lot of trouble dealing with purchasing a bunch of different products.You get full access to all the products you need as a developer .
 excellant product !! very easy to install and set up . the only down fall is the remote is wired , but you can get use to it . the lighting system just takes a little bit to get use to and once you do it is smooth sailing . very good product and an even better price !!!
 While Microsoft has certainly made some serious mistakes in its tenure , as a developer it is hard to escape their world . WHen it comes to web applications , a good majority of the companies out there have at least some development in either ASP or . NET . This means a good developer should have a great set of tools.With the price , MSDN is not a good buy for a hobbyist . FOr a business , however , it is the best way to go , as each developer 's Office installation , developer tools and all development servers -LRB- up to 10 installations for most server products -RRB- are covered with a single license . When you add up the cost of the software , it is one of the best bargains going , esp . if you develop on a variety of Microsoft servers . -LRB- In many ways , just using Visual Studio , Office and SQL Server developer more than pay for the set -RRB- . In addition , you get monthly updates to your subscription , so you always have the latest Microsoft software.If you do not venture into the Microsoft world , MSDN is a gigantic waste . If you do , it is the best way to fly .
 I have used Wordpro since it was Amipro in the early 90 's . I also use MS Word because so many documents come to me in that format.I much prefer Wordpro . In many ways , most prominently graphics handling and layout , and ease of text formatting , Wordpro is the better program.This is another example of the better product being outdone by better marketing . Try Wordpro -- you 'll never go back to Word .
 These programs are so far superior to MS Office it is n't funny . I used to try to struggle with `` Word '' because , well ya have to , but now i just set my system to open Word files with WordPro & I can edit save & send the unenlightened thier files without having to use the stupid program . I find it very sad that such a beautifully intuitive set of programs such as this is left behind while the bloated & ridiculously complicated MS Office wins the day . But as was said , that 's marketing for you . Lotus Notes would be an obvious choice to keep with it though .
 Lotus smartsuite is written in very tight code , and will run on very low powered computers!I noticed that some of the reviews mention Notes , which is a particularly powerful business tool . So powerful , Microsoft decided recently to hire one of the key architects of Notes , so they could come up with their own version!Scalable , powerful ! smartsuite is a full blown business tool for office and home . In fact , if you were to go on the IBM campus , the official office sute IS smartsuite ! Smartsuite can be ported to the largest mainframe computers , as well as the slowest desktop . Yes Smartsuite will run without a glitch on a 300mhz system with 64 megs of memory ... and NOT dog down!Their macros are not compromised with viruses.Smartsuite had voice recognition 4 years before microsoft began to put it in their product.The weak link in smartsuite is their web designing tool . It will design a very simple website.I just wonder why IBM has not been more proactive in the continued development of this bellmark software product , and why it does not have a huge market share.Microsoft office is a world class product . But , if you are on a budget with a small computer , and need an office suite that works and works without crashing ... smartsuite is an excellent choice .
 I refreshed a users computer to an i7 processor and 64 bit Windows 7 . User has a Lotus Approach application that is a business requirement . The version I installed on the 32 bit XP machine would not install on the 64 bit Windows 7 machine . With nothing to loose and everything to gain I ordered the 9.8.2 version of Lotus Smart Suite . It arrived in a few days and it installs with no problems and runs the database without any problems .
 I have many old Lotus 123 files which I could not open in Excel 2003 or 2010 . The only way I have found to convert the .123 files is to save them under Lotus 123 as . xls files , then open the new files in Excel . This version of Lotus SmartSuite works in Windows XP but not Win 7 Home Premium/64 bit . It does work in XP Mode of Win 7 Pro/64 . It solves my problem .
 Had upgraded an office computer to Windows 7 and the old machine had SmartSuite 97 installed and a ton of * .123 files . SmartSuite 97 will not work on Windows 7 -LRB- at least not without giving you a significant headache -RRB- and when I heard that SmartSuite MIL edition worked I thought $ 30 was a bargain for a headache free usage of Lotus Smartsuite on Windwos 7 - really a no brainer if you ask me !
 Updates Smartsuite 95 flawlessly . Will try to use with widows 8 when I updfate . Have used lotus since it first came out .
 I started using Lotus 1-2-3 way back in the DOS days . Then , and now , it remains the most intuitive , efficient spreadsheet software around . After using MS Word -LRB- also from the earlier DOS days -RRB- , I tried out Lotus WordPro because it was cheap -LRB- came with the Lotus SmartSuite -RRB- , and I needed a Windows word processor for several computers . WordPro turned out to be a dream come true . Like 1-2-3 , WordPro was fast and intuitive . MS Word for DOS was also very good but all its Windows versions -LRB- including the most recent -RRB- are too bloated and require relearning with each release . Lotus 's database , Approach , was icing on the cake -- providing a good , simple front-end for our dBase files . Not much has changed in Approach over the years.The other software in the SmartSuite -- Freelance , FastSite , Organizer and SmartCenter -- are less -LRB- some , much less -RRB- inspiring . SmartCenter has usually been useless and , in its newest incarnation , really looks ugly . I would like to use Organizer -LRB- it looks cool -RRB- but I never had the time to learn it . For scripting webpages , I have always used Dreamweaver instead the limited FastSite -- although I did use FastSite when writing webpages was brand new . Freelance , like Organizer , looks like a useful program but , for me , it has been superseded by MS PowerPoint or Adobe Photoshop.Overall , Lotus SmartSuite -LRB- by IBM , now -RRB- is the best deal on the market -LRB- as long as you can get it discounted from its MSRP -RRB- . The three basic modules -- spreadsheet , word processor and database -- have no peers for what they do . They might not have 3-D icons , shadowed images or animated help , but they are quick -LRB- actually , very quick -RRB- , accurate and , best of all , intuitive . Everything else in making these functions `` look '' prettier -LRB- as in MS Office -RRB- just slows the software . Plus , their utilization of the keyboard and mouse -LRB- or just keyboard -RRB- is fantastic .
 For those of you that have never used this product i suggest give it a try . One of the best products that will give you exactly what you need and intergrate into just about any system . The product comes with everything you need , does what it says it will do and will save a bundle over MS products . The menus are clean , easy to use without having to hunt for what do i do next . Great product and Worth the investment !
 I have been waiting to get WordPro back for years now . WordPro was my wordprocessor of choice in the early 1990s and I have loads of files that MS Word would not translate . This brings them all back !
 Please direct me to an in depth source for writing/recording macros or scripts for the 9.8 SmartSuite . I began using Lotus when Lotus Development Corporation produced Version 1 of 123 . Then employment musceled the use of Microsoft Office and all the stuff that goes along with it . There are some changes I would suggest that IBM could make , assuming it is capable -- e.g. , fix the mouse scroll . Nevertheless , some of the high powered manuals -- SmartSuite Bible -- do OK , but are rather shallow .
 I 've used ACT for a while now and I 'm impressed . This program helps me stay organized as far as my contacts are concerned . I meet someone , and I add them to my contact list . I am able to set up 50-60 pre-defined fields and keep detailed notes on each contact . If I forget what I discussed with one client , or employee , etc , I can go to that employee and check the last contact date . My notes refresh my memory and I can move forward with that contact business.I can also track meetings , times , etc. . This has helped me to be even more productive and organized than before ! I do n't have to lug around my laptop PC when I travel ! Now I can keep good track of my contacts on my PDA . And , I can print reports too !
 I love this product for contact management . I am a Realtor and have tried several other systems designed for Real Estate . Now that I am becoming more `` computer literate '' I find that I can make adaptations to this program to customize it for my business . I have just purchased a Palm M515 and am considering purchasing ACT ! for the palm to further increase my efficiency . My life prior to this has been phone numbers and notes on little pieces of paper never to be found when I need them . Having the program on the palm increases the chance that these notes will be `` at hand '' when I need them , and I can upload them to the PC version each night . Also I can work from the PC and download the info to ACT ! for my palm . What a greatproduct !
 Microsoft 's strength is in the department of `` bells and whistles '' . This makes their products somewhat complicated to learn and use and takes up lots of memory . I did like some features , for example , the notes for a field showing up in a little balloon that can be viewed without having to open a new window , as in an earlier version.I had some difficulties with the installation but was talked through the procedure by a very patient tech.In order to install any one item of the `` Office '' suite you must install many Megabytes of other stuff that you do n't need , but you can trash much of that later.Customizing the toolbar is a rather difficult and tedious process , especially when you can not see the function of a tool , unless you are in the mode in which you can not trash it.But overall , once you get it all set up , it does what it is supposed to do , even though the average user will never use most of the many functions .
 I 'm basing this review on the word X test Driver version , available on the Microsoft matopia site . From what I 've seen so far , this is one very good app -- everything has been made to work with the Aqua interface , the layout is quite easy to learn and use quickly , and I find myself using it more and more everyday . Of course , in the Test Drive does n't have all of the features included -- you can use the project gallery for the basics , but you 'll have to wait for printing to be enabled , for example . The best part -- when I redid my resume and send it as an attachment , I do n't hear the old `` resend it as a Word doc ! '' complaint anymore . I 'll upgrade to Word X for sure !
 I am forced to use a Windows PC at work and use MS Office every day . I hate this term , but I would fall into the `` power user '' classification . I have a Mac with OS X at home , and working from home often , I use the OS X version of Office . I can say without hesitation that the OS X version is superior . With this limited space let me just say that there are no issues sharing documents . I am constantly building spreadsheets , powerpoint presentations , and Word docs at home and sending them to colleagues and customers with no issues . They never even know I am on a Mac . The Mac version is more intuitive and looks better as well . If you want a deep discussion of the features , see the details on Apple 's web site .
 While there is a lot more exciting software out there , something like the Office suite is one of those basic things that makes or breaks a user 's experience . The deeper I sink into management , the more time I spend using Word , Excel , and Entourage.Office v. X really makes that time as pleasant as possible . If you 're familiar with the suite of Office products , there 's nothing really earth-shatteringly different ... between Word , Excel , and Powerpoint , it 's more a matter of a bunch of small changes in interface and workflow that make the overall experience better -LRB- along with not needing to start up Classic -RRB- . On the other hand , Entourage is bittersweet . It 's really a fantastic email , calendaring , and contact management piece ... it handles time-zones , links contacts , meetings , and email messages , and even lets you automatically color-code messages and events based on who sent them . For our purposes it blows away both Outlook and Notes . At the same time there is an ugly side . You ca n't sync Entourage to a Palm yet -LRB- still under development at this time , but it should be available soon -RRB- , which is a huge blow to its usability . There are issues with the size of the database it maintains -LRB- as well as the fact that it 's a self-contained database that 's useless to other applications -RRB- , and it has some glaring issues accessing mail on some IMAP4 servers -LRB- Domino , for example -RRB- . All in all , it 's an excellent package ... Microsoft 's Macintosh Business Unit does a wonderful job -LRB- in my experience , MS Office v. X provides a much better overall user experience than Office XP -RRB- . Bottom line is that , even while there are still some bugs that really need to be worked out , Office v. X is well worth the cost of the license . Keep up the good work , MBU .
 As a long-time user of both Windows and Apple software products , I can honestly say that this software package hands down , is the most elegant , intuitive , user-friendly , bug-free piece of software I have ever owned.And for users of both systems , it is a dream to go back and forth between Windows and the Mac . There is no conversions , etc , as in the past , the files just open and work as if the file had been created on the native system.Note that all of the software in this suite - Word , Excel , Powerpoint and especially Entourage -LRB- Outlook in Windows -RRB- are far superior to the Windows products . And once you start using them , you wo n't want to go back to the Windows versions.Congrats to the Macintosh team at Microsoft for one of the most refreshing pieces of software in years , and of course congrats to the Apple OS X team that made this possible as well .
 I recently upgraded from Mac Classic -LRB- 9.2 . x -RRB- to OS X Jaguar . That was a story in and of itself . There was a major bump along the way for me there . However , now that it 's done , I 'm quite happy . OS X Jaguar is great . Best OS ever in my opinion . Fast , stable , feature-rich . So , now that I 've got an OS , I need office apps . I work at home mostly ; and the people I work with all use Windows XP in the office.Whatever your/my opinions about MS Word , Excel , and Powerpoint might be as standalone applications hardly matters these days . The facts are that they have become the de facto office app standards.I 'm happy to say that the Office X versions of these apps are just fine . All the functionality is there . They have been updated to take advantage of some of the cool new features of OS X. And , they have proven to be remarkably stable in my opinion . I 've had no crashes at all to speak of.Most importantly for me , they provide seamless file-sharing with other folks using other systems . I regularly exchange Word , Excel and Powerpoint files with colleagues -LRB- via email and our company network -RRB- using Windows-based systems without a hitch!Despite some initial grief from our IT staff about me using a Mac ; I 've proven to them all that there is absolutely no reason not to . The fact that Microsoft has made these office app file formats stable and sharable across platforms has made my life a heck of a lot easier . There are no barriers to me using a Mac any more .
 This is a great upgrade over my previous Word & Excel 98 . I got the Word and Excel upgrade , but got Power Point and Entourage -LRB- a mail and calendar program -RRB- free . But , frankly , I would n't upgrade if it were n't for my employer upgrading to Office XP.The programs have crashed a few times , but I recon that 's an OS X -LRB- 10.1.2 -RRB- problem . Similar problems have happened elsewhere .
 It 's indeed the best from Microsoft . I only use Word and Entourage and I must say they both are fantastic . Entourage is simply a great software that is clearly better than Outlook for Windows .
 This is a worthy upgrade . As usual , all components mesh nicely with each other and are on par with the Window 's counterparts . Actually , PowerPoint actually has more transitions and export options on the Mac version . A worthy upgrade .
 I 've been using PC versions of Office for years . The Mac version is every bit as capable , and it 's functionality and interface are very similar , making for an easy and seamless transition between the two versions . I actually prefer the Aqua interface of the Mac version . I do wish that Access and Visio were available , but apart from their absence , I find nothing else lacking .
 It 's good , I love Entourage much better than Apple 's e-mail and calendaring software . The others are comparable to Windows products ; nothing special about them .
 What sold me on this upgrade was the other reviewers ' testimonies about the complaints they would receive from PC owners about not being able to open Word documents created on a Mac . I began experiencing that problem , thinking it was a system issue rather than a bug in the 2001 software.Anyway , I bought this upgrade because I did n't need the whole Office Suite , which is three times more expensive . I have n't had the chance to explore all of Word 's new features , but so far I 'm happy with it . The upgrade from Office 2001 was painless . The user interface is basically the same as the 2001 version , so there were no big learning curves.Much to my surprise , I found out that I could save my document as a PDF file right from Word with one click of a button . I did n't have to go into Acrobat Acrobat or Distiller in order to accomplish this.Recommended .
 I am teaching in college since 25 years . We always used Macintosh.At home , I have a iMac . I used Office 2001 , which is a very good product . Then I had to install APPLE X , then Ibought Microsoft Office X -LRB- including Word X -RRB- for teacher . I am filled . Ittook only 30 minutes to install it . Immediately I felt comfortable.There are many improvements . And the items that I used more werepreserved , and improved . Word is very pretty , powerful , more powerful , more quickly . All my documents of Office 2001 opened such as theywere . I did not lose any data . And the connection with the Web is the best to . I recommend it to my colleagues at work.Thank you Microsoft .
 I know the final version is still a few weeks away , BUt based on the test Drive version available now , word X for OS X holds ALOT of promise ! With OS X 10.1 , the whole app uses the same Aqua guidelines and features very well -- the dialog boxes , icons , the way you can use and edit small images in your word docs , etc. . Plus , you do n't have to hear the old `` send document x to us in word format '' ever again :--RRB- So even with some of the main features turned off in the test Drive , you 'll see what great potential this version has for OS X users -LRB- but you 'll need version 10.1 -RRB-
 Microsoft Office v.X gets a BUY recommendation . If thats all you want to know , then get online and buy this beast!I call it a beast affectionately , but lets face it . If you didnt need to bring work home from the office , would you REALLY be buying a program with a word processor , spreadsheet , slide show and mail program ? Probably not . However , having said that , if you were to consider buying any ONE of these programs separately , the cost difference between one and all four is such that any frugal buyer would opt for Office just on that basis . My wife would call getting Office instead of just Word being a &Ograve;Better Buyer Meijer Shopper!&Oacute; Better to have them and not need them then need them and not have them . Besides , replacing the OS X native Mail program and TextEdit with Entourage and Word are worth the price of admission alone!Way back in the very early 80s , a pirates flag used to fly over the building at Apple that were developing the Macintosh . Microsofts Macintosh Business Unit -LRB- MacBU -RRB- is trying to capture that same spirit . A band of rebels lurking inside the evil giant !! This is first product to be actively promoted as coming from them , while earlier versions of Microsofts Mac products may have had &Ograve;Mac only features.&Oacute; In the Reviewers guide , the folks at MacBU say their goal was &Ograve;&Eacute;to lead the way by creating a product that looks exactly how a Mac OS X application should.&Oacute;Speaking of looks , Office v.X has a kind of playful , very un-Microsoft like appearance to it . Going way beyond the basic Aqua layout , the icons look like a See N Say toy for kids . If I didnt know it was from Microsoft , Id be looking for the fisher-price logo !! But make no mistake , beneath the playfully inviting exterior , is the heart of very powerful suite of programs!PowerPointMy needs are such that Ill probably NEVER use the PowerPoint slide-show portion much , but I did play with it a bit . I like the idea of having PowerPoint being QuickTime compatible , not only in format , but also able to use QT transitions and animations . For those who use QT for web movies and such , you are pretty much up to speed with PowerPoint right away . PowerPoint comes with a TON of clip art , as it always has . The method for adding them to the main program from the Value Pack add-ons -LRB- more on this later -RRB- is a bit easier then in previous versions of Office.I also like the idea of now having a much easier way of collecting all of the files for a PowerPoint presentation into one folder . Another cool feature of the new PowerPoint is the controllable transparency function . Built on the Quartz 2-D Drawing Technology of OS X , it works much like the opaque feature in Adobe Photoshop by allowing one image to be visible behind or through a second one.ExcelIf you dont use an accounting program like Quicken or MYOB , then I suspect you will make good and frequent use of Excel . Some new features have been added to the spreadsheets functionality , such as an AutoRecover feature -LRB- only available in Word till now -RRB- , and CUSTOMIZABLE keyboard shortcuts . It seems Microsoft horked off a lot of people by changing the keyboard commands in Excel from Office 98 to Office 2001 . So now you can make them pretty much what you want ! And who said they dont listen ? Like its brethren , Excel also using the Quartz 2-D Drawing Technology for transparency work . Now charts can have a smooth look with Anti-Aliasing for lines and text , and depth as well.The coolest feature I found in this version of Excel is the FileMaker Pro import function . You can drag and drop a FileMaker Pro database -LRB- version 3 and up -RRB- onto the Excel icon and a wizard will walk you through turning it into an Excel spreadsheet . I used this to send my address book to my wife , so she could add them to our Christmas card list that she keeps in Excel 2000 on her PC . No sweat , no muss , no fuss&Eacute;no hassle ! For first time users of a spreadsheet , there is a calculator now available in Excel . Its supposed to help you visualize how things like formulas and cell linking are done.One final feature that shows MacBU was thinking ahead is the Euro currency support . Since most of Europe -LRB- England was still a hold out at press time -RRB- went to the Euro on January 1 of this year , it was cool to have a currency converter built-in to handle it.EntourageAs a mail program , the one that OS X gives you is pretty basic . Once you start using Entourage , youll also find out its pretty primitive as well.I really missed not having a calendaring program in OS X , and the ones I looked at look didnt really have the interactive functions I wanted . So to say Ive embraced Entourage with open arms is an understatement . The mail functions are pretty cool . It lets you categorize your mail as well as your calendar and address book items . Just by turning ON the Junk Mail feature , it shows me all of the mail it thinks I dont want to see , and then when opening them if I wish , lets me tell it what to do with it if its NOT junk mail . Importing my mail from OS X mail was pretty easy , once I found the import from Mail script in the Value Pack stuff.Lets say you sit down to do some mail stuff , and you know that you have to send pictures to Grandma from Christmas . Grandma is pretty hip , since shes got a computer with email and all that . Just grab your attachments , drag them over the Entourage icon and that 's IT ! Entourage automatically creates a new outgoing message for you , brings the attachments in and presents you with the address block of who to send it to ! A time saver at holiday and birthday time to be sure.Entourage automatically color codes new messages differently from old ones -LRB- duh -RRB- , but also does the same thing with messages you have attachments on and assigns different flags to documents according to whats happening with it , like embedded links , forwarded documents and such . Maybe not a big deal in and of itself , but it makes managing your mail easier.More in part 2 .
 I was totally impressed with the service . Not only was the software in good condition and is working well , but it was sent in an incredibly short time .
 Each version of this product gets better and better , easy to use and easy correct almost like your english teacher is standing over your shoulder .
 Starting with Word for Mac OS XMicrosoft 's Word is considered the standard for most Windows and Mac users . Word has an automatic spelling checker as you type and an excellent grammar checker . You can set up special keyboard command keys in Word.Unique to Microsoft Office X and especially to Microsoft 's Word is WordArt . I know one Macintosh teacher who purchased the academic version of Microsoft 's Word just for the use of WordArt . Word now has new and improved wizards for creating newsletters and brochures.Microsoft 's Excel AdThe best advertisement that Microsoft ran for Excel was
 Like almost everyone on the planet , I 've used Office for Windows extensively and initially I was a bit put off by Mac Office as it does look and feel different -LRB- what the hell is Entourage anyway ? -RRB- . However on working with it more you get used to it , and it has some nice features that the Windows version does n't .3 + Entourage - I have really come to like the app - I use it as a replacement for Palm Desktop -LRB- Memos -RRB- , Address Book -LRB- it is a little ` richer ' -RRB- , and Mail -LRB- it does hotmail as well as POP & IMAP -RRB- , and everything integrates well.Ability to mark a doc for followup - Office will give you a reminder , even when it 's not running.It 's Office , right ? It does almost everything.3-While docs are compatible with Windows versions , I have had problems with complex spreadsheets , so I do not think it is 100 % perfect.It is a little sluggish -LRB- 800mhz G4 iMac , Panther , 512mb -RRB- . Entourage 's calendar management is n't as good as iCal - ca n't publish/subscribe , or even import/export data . More generally , Entourage is n't very ` open ' - it shares data well with other parts of the app , but not other apps.Overall , it does what you expect and let 's face it , it 's the de facto standard for a reason . Expensive thought !
 Office v. X is a solid upgrade of the venerable suite from Microsoft . It looks great in Mac OS X , and more importantly WORKS great . I spend a great deal of time using Entourage , Word , and Excel -- the more I do , the more I find to like.I get 400 + emails per day , and the extensive rules support , linking of messages to contacts , and linking between all aspects of Entourage to be a huge help in staying organized.I was a * long * time user of Eudora , and missed it at first , but appreciate the benefits Entourage brings.The other parts of Office are hugely powerful too , but by now , you probably know you need it anyway !
 Basically like the program - Word is particularly useful in a world where anyone who wants to send or receive a document from you probably already uses it . Entourage is a more usable organizer than the Palm desktop in terms of material you can record in the various tasks , appointments , etc. -LRB- Palm 's is prettier , but only a bit . -RRB- The big problem as of this writing -LRB- 6/10/02 -RRB- is that we STILL ca n't sync Entourage to Palm . As far as I 'm concerned , that makes Entourage not-yet-usable , since daily syncing with a Palm is , for me and probably most users , an absolute must ! So basically I 've bought a word processing program with a convenient but , for the foreseeable future , useless -LRB- albeit elegant -RRB- desktop organizer . Wish it had a database program , too ... in theory , Excel can do that , but it 's nowhere near as friendly as Appleworks ' database program .
 Really Great ! Microsoft did it . Feature rich software . It really works well than its Windoze counterpart . Price is a bit high , but once you start using it , you wo n't regret for that . A must have product for Mac fans .
 To start with , make sure you are buying Office for the right reason . It 's not meant for the timid home user just looking for something Jr. , and Sally can write their book reports with . You want to do that , then just stick to AppleWorks -LRB- which I also use , in conjunction with Office -RRB- . If you 're not used to Office , yes , it could definitely have a steep learning curve . But if you 're an experienced Mac Office user , working in OSX , then this version is a must , if for no other reason than it runs natively in OSX which makes it substantially faster than previous versions running in Classic mode . For those who claim all MS did was make it pretty , the interface is a rsult of Apple 's Aqua interface , not a primary thrust of MS 's MBU . Crashing ? I 've used Mac Office v.X for well over a year now , and I can honestly say , I can not recall once having the machine crash while running Office . And for the person who compared using Word for page layout vs. Adobe FrameMaker ... I use Frame daily at the office to layout books -LRB- I 'm a designer of books and am forced to use Frame for it 's XML functionality -RRB- , and that 's a truly unfair comparison ... it 's like comparing AppleWorks paint mode with Adobe Photoshop . They are completely different applications for entirely different tasks . Also , I find its cross-platform compatibility with Office XP -LRB- et.al . -RRB- to be seemless so long as the same True Type fonts are used between both PC and Mac systems.Need more info on running Office v.X ? Microsoft has also published a book called Office v.X Inside Out that I got when I purchased my software which has returned my investment on the book many times over . Even to an experienced Office user , there are many helpful procedures in here that will help lessen the upgrade learning curve.The only reason I do n't give MS Office v.X five stars is because I do n't believe anything is perfect ... but for the life of me , I ca n't see where this version of Office is lacking at the moment . This is a good investment for offices small or large .
 To start with , let us accept that Office is bloatware . It is big , relatively unwieldy , and is full of features . A quick scan of the menus and cryptic toolbars almost screams `` DESIGNED BY A COMMITTEE '' . On the other hand , this is not all bad . I use Word ALL of the time and Excel on a regular basis . I keep trying to find an alternate word processor , so I 've download Nisus and iWrite and a host of other toys . Most of these are perfectly respectable word processors , but I rarely get far before I need to use something I 'm used to in Word . Sometimes it is image embedding , sometimes it is an obscure cross referencing facility , and sometimes I need to build a table that spans pages and , oh , and , oh yeah , and ... . Word has the BEST tables facility . I used to work with a guy called Matrix Breath , so I really got to know tables.Suddenly , I 'm exporting my document in RTF and a promising application has been demoted to `` toy '' . This is actually the upside of bloatware . It 's sort of like those toolkits one always drools over in hardware stores with nine hundred ratchet bolt heads , a glistening array of extender bars , and six power grip handles , one for each arm of Siva . Normal humans never need these kits . They may buy them , use one small set of components , then lose a piece and then go out and buy a screwdriver.My plumber owns four of these , all calibrated . My auto mechanic owns six , because he needs English , metric and Alfa Romeo.The downside of bloatware is the learning curve . You really have to learn in order to use even 10 % of all the features . Did you know there is an equation editor ? Did you know that there is a garbage grade drawing program ? Did you know that there is an almost lame , but actually useful image processing component ? Word v.X can probably edit movies and burn DVDs , but if you ca n't get to Dungeon Level XVI , stick with iMovie and iDVD.Yes , you do have to spend your first half hour with Word disabling the `` Do What You Think I Mean '' features . I learned how to format a business letter back in grade school and I 'll insert my own superscripting , thank you very much.Still , it is no exageration to say that Word is possibly the best piece of bloatware ever written . -LRB- EMACS is a close number two -RRB- . As for Excel , it too is a fine piece of bloatware . VisiCalc , the first spreadsheet was almost lapidary . It had just enough stuff in it to sell Apple IIs . Lotus 123 started the accretion process and at some point , the planetary disk coalesced into Excel which lets you solve partial differential equations using the Karmarkar algorithm and format the result in cuneiform . It takes two extra keystrokes for hieroglyphics.I do n't even use those little calculator programs anymore . I just keep Excel running - no sweat under OS X - and then , when I decide I did n't mean 2 +2 , but I really wanted a regression analysis , I already have my data sitting right where it can do me some good.As for Powerpoint . I have n't used it in years . Yes , so I 'm a mutant . Mutants are IN nowadays . Ask Hugh Jackman or Anna Paquin . My niece wanted to make a birthday card and she accidentally started up Powerpoint . Well , it has mutated . You can do collage animation , it supports sound , video , programmatic sequencing and even some lame user interaction . It 's no threat to Macromedia , but these features are such time sinks that we might be spared a few bullet slides.As with everything else in the Office suite , its accumulators crackle with barely restrained power . -LRB- Any Doc Smith or IBM 1130 fans out there ? -RRB- So , if you are a normal human . Try getting a normal human office suite . Appleworks is just fine . If you need more , more , more , then you should break down and go for Office . It definitely has more , more , more , just like Bill Gates.As a bonus , the Macintosh version and Windows versions eat the same file formats , so you can freak out Windows users .
 If Microsoft just did a lame port of their software I would have purchased it no matter what , because with a world of Windows users what choice did I have ? But what 's nice about Office : Mac is that Microsoft not only took the time to make the product feel very Mac friendly , but best of all it plays very well with OS X -LRB- in fact as I write this I 'm waiting for other leading Mac packages to come out for System X that are months away -RRB- . Office : Mac includes the expected holy trinity of programs -LRB- the word processor , the slideshow program and the speadsheet -RRB- which makes Office a good choice for being your first software purchase after getting up and running with Mac OS X . This suite will allow Mac users to work well with other folks using Windows , so in a professional workplace Office not only makes the argument for keeping your good old Mac , but it also paves the path for upgrading to OS X -- which scores very highly in my book.The software is very friendly to use and makes ample use of wizards to guide one through a wide range of tasks , like the process of printing onto labels or designing a quick website . The ease-of-use makes the program a good choice for the home user , thus making the package a great gift for the non-geeky . The only downside of the package is that it can be a bit too feature heavy for novice users , but that 's hardly a sin and anyone willing to use the Office Assistant will be able to discover a nicely featured set of programs.While the price tag may seem a bit high , the same package costs pretty much the same for Windows users -- and if you think you are going to use more than one of the featured programs then buying the Office suite makes sense . I guess the real benchmark for me was that after playing with Office for a few hours I made the choice to add it to my Finder Toolbar , which means that I will be using it often in the future .
 First , I 'd like to clarify a common misconception that was mentioned in a previous review . The reviewer did not like any version of Office produced after Office 98 , because he said his familiar Excel shortcut keys are no longer available . This is n't exactly true . In Office 2001 , the shortcut keys that used the command key -LRB- a.k.a. the apple key -RRB- now use the control key instead . When many people try out the new version , they notice that `` apple-k , '' for example , no longer did what it used to . A little more investigation would reveal that you can still perform all of the shortcut functions you used to . Any that no longer use the command key now use the control key , that 's all.Furthermore , in Office X , you can now set all of the shortcut keys back to how they were in Office 98 , if you want.Now on to the review of Office X : I use Office all day , every day for email , process document authoring , data analysis , training presentations , and more . Mainly , I use Entourage and Excel . I spend hours a day in each . Overall , I think Office for the Mac is the best thing to ever come from Microsoft . The Si Valley-based MS Mac Business Unit is as far removed from MS as an entire division can be , though , and this is why Office X can be cool . Here 's what I like and dislike about Office X : Likes : - No other spreadsheet application can drill down , simplify , manipulate , and automate complex data analysis like Excel . If you take the time to learn the ins and outs of Excel , you 'll also learn just what all you can do with a list of data and the many patterns in the information you have . You will learn to demand more from your information -- and from Excel , and Excel can rise to that occasion . - Excel documents will now autosave !!! - Redundent tasks can be scripted using AppleScript , VisualBasic , or RealBasic . - Entourage rocks . I receive 500 + emails a day , and they are easily managed and automated . They are automatically filtered when received -- they 're automatically received . All the administration of email is taken care of so that I can concentrate on the messages themselves , and since my mail is filtered for me , I know which messages require more concentration and which can wait . Entourage remembers if you have ever sent or received an email from a certain email address or person , and as soon as you type a recipient 's name in a message , it will give you a list of potential recipients , based on the characters you have entered so far . I do n't use the other personal assistant features , so I ca n't comment on those . - Word is the most powerful word processing tool that I have used . Sure , there 's a learning curve , but if you want to do something that you do n't know how to do , usually you can poke around and figure out how to accomplish it in not too much time . - PowerPoint is great for presentations . Also , in the Mac version , you can save your preso as a Quicktime movie , which can be streamed on the Web , put on DVD , etc. - Full , two-way compatibility with Wintel platforms . - Bug fixes taken care of from the previous version . - new Aqua interface , improvements to look and operation of Entourage . - CARBONIZED !!! I do n't have to run Office in Classic any more ! - Collaborative tools allow for multiple users working on a single documentDislikes are below-It 's a MS product . No matter how cool the MS Mac Business Unit is , they 're still MS. - There are still a few bugs to iron out . I 've made Excel crash twice so far . Of course , it had been up and running for probably a week or two . - It seems a little slower . - Steep learning curve for novices . - Expensive -LRB- I get my money 's worth , but others may find the price high for what they do -RRB- - No foreign language grammar check . I compose some documents in French , and I 'm not a native speeker . There 's French spellcheck , but French grammar check would be awesome.That 's about all I have to say . If you 're near an Apple retail store , all of the computers there are loaded with Office for X. Go try it out and see what you think for yourself .
 Some very nice person posted this . So I feel it 's my duty to spread the word.You may get a `` Word has unexpectedly quit your system has not been damaged '' message . You 'll see an angry review below about someone who was broken by this problem.Do the following1 . Open your folder with your user name2 . Open your library folder3 . Open your microsoft folder4 . DELETE the following two files : Word Font SubstitutesWord Settings -LRB- 10 -RRB- If for some reason you are having trouble finding the files just type them into the folder names into your search engine and you should be able to locate them . Microsoft Word will immediately work again and the files will be recreated automatically.SPREAD THE WORD -LRB- v.X -RRB- !
 WordAs you might expect , Word is the heart and soul of Office . If you didnt need a better word processor , the rest probably wouldnt matter too much . Most of the improvements that will matter to me were here.Being able to strip out the format structure of a document that doesnt look or play right by using Clear Formatting is a big help . No matter how cross-platform a program tries to be , sometimes it just doesnt do what you want or expect ! Being able to start from scratch is a big help . Vast improvements were made in the Data Merge -LRB- what used to known as Mail Merge -RRB- features . Ever since Word 3 , Ive always thought doing a mail merge in Word was a nightmare . Now with the advent of Entourage -LRB- first added to Office for Macintosh in version 2001 -RRB- and the revamping of the Data Merge feature , Microsoft says its now possible to do a mail merge in as few as 10 steps , over the 50 and up it took in Word 98 . Word has added transparency capabilities -LRB- based on the same OS X Quartz 2-D engine that Excel and PowerPoint do -RRB- into its drawing feature , so it is moving farther into the realms of page layout programs with graphic functions . Web functions have become more and more integrated into other programs of late , and Word is no stranger to them . Taking two seemingly distant features , namely picture importing and text bullets , Word now lets you make custom graphic bullets , and treats them like regular bullets in documents with bullet lists . How cool it that!A real world feature that means a lot to me is Words continued backward and cross-platform compatibility . Multi-platform companies usually dont convert all at once , and there is almost no way to know what a person at another company has in terms of what version of Word . Microsoft has added a new function called Compatibility to Words Preferences in the File Menu . Somewhat different to the save format feature , Compatibility will actually disable features that do not exits in earlier versions of Word . When you save down a document to a different format , you used to get a message saying that certain features in your document may not be available in that format , but doesnt tell you which ones . Now you dont need to worry about that , since you took care of that by telling Word which version you wanted to be compatible with up front . If you aint got it , you aint gon na loose it ! COOL!Kudos and bugaboosOne thing that always drove me nuts about Office 98 is that dialogue boxes of similar functions didnt even come close to looking the same between the various programs . Didnt these people EVER talk to each other . So far , I havent seen that problem in Office v.X. . The menu bar icons are consistent throughout each program , adding to the unified feel of it , rather then making it seem like four programs packaged under one heading.No more Office Manager . Thank you &Eacute; thank you&Eacute; THANK YOU!Entourage cant import from the OS X Address Book . But then the Address Book cant export either , so I guess it all works out.Word has a Normal template that lets you pre-assign formatting like font face , size , document margins and the like . Why cant we have one like that in Excel . At least for font face , size and things like that.None of the Office programs have the Spelling/Grammar checker as a default icon in the toolbar . You have to go to the arrow to the right of the Help button to get it . Adding it is no big deal , but come on!Custom header/footer information doesnt seem to work too well in Excel when sending the spreadsheet to an Excel 98 user . It creates an out of memory error . Doesnt seem to matter whether the document was saved as an Excel workbook or in the more universal Excel 97-2002 , X 5.0 & 95 format . The custom header/footer feature in Word appears to work OK in saved down documents.Various reports have mentioned bugs in Office v.X attributing them to fonts , or other Value Pack items . Some have mentioned issues with QuickTime plug-ins with browsers or the OS X native version -LRB- beta -RRB- of Roxios Toast CD burning software . Be cautious when adding things from the Value Pack . If you do them a few at a time , it wont be so hard to track them down if you run into problems.OverallBy the very nature that you have OS X means you are willing to go out onto the thin ice for a while . So belly up to the bar and get this program . End of story .
 This suite of applications represents what OS X can do ; the Aqua interface is beautiful and the ease of use is greater than ever . The Formatting Palette , introduced in Office 2001 , was something that I did n't use at first but now find invaluable ! I wish it existed on Windows Office at work . It seems to be improved in Office version X. Excel 's new Print Preview is welcome , I am a heavy Excel user and like to use it to lay out some of the hardcopy I create , and the new Print Preview replaces the eyesore Preview from 2001 . The number of new features since 2001 is n't that great , but the real feature is that this suite is native OS X and has a true Mac look and feel . Microsoft began to win me over with Office 2001 , and Office X has made my migration to OS X worthwhile .
 I 've always hated Microsoft , but have to admit , this is an excellent program , VERY easy to use.We have Office XP on the other computer -LRB- Compaq -RRB- so you compare them side bu side.The Mac version seems more streamlined , everything flows.The XP version has too many different panels and that damn annoying paper clip thing , I had used AppleWorks 6 but deleted it after a couple of days.If you have a Mac , get this !
 This is better than the description says . I never thought it woudl be as versitile as it actually is . I only play warhammer 40k and it is so perfect for this . The interface rrequires no tutorial at all . It 's a simple matter of find what uunit you want and click on it to customize it . It 's still being updated with every new version of the game that comes out so you never have to worry about the point values being off . This is honestly just so amazing for quickly making new armies or `` what if '' armies . you can make a full 2000 point army in about 15 minutes speced out exactly how you want them . It also has about 20 other tabletop games with more you can download form the website which is free and very user friendly.If you play any tabletop game you NEED to have this software , its that simple !
 Once you use this you will NEVER go back to building an army on paper again . Great factory support , with internet updates to keep the rules up to date . You can even add your own photos of your units that will print on the side of your roster . Slight learning curve to get used to the way to move things arround , but doesnt take to much skill to get really quick at it . With the updates you can use it for almost all the popular table top games , or just download the ones you want . Drop down boxes for all selections and a validation report as well . No way to make an `` illegal '' army when using this . LOVE IT
 I picked up this program to assist with management of my Necromunda Gangs . The issue with it is that there is no support for the ever expanding selection of Gangs in the Underhive . I would like to see the ability to further modify and increase the offerings of this programs management capabilities . It does a great job with the core gangs , but is missing several of the other Games Workshop created gangs , such as Skavies and Ratskins , as well as Enforcers . I know that there is a capability to create additional updates for this program , but this function is not user friendly . Overall this is a great product for those using the core rulesets , but comes up short on expansions .
 We actually purchased all of the titles individually when they were first published -LRB- we still do n't have the Friends game -RRB- . They are all very good games . My 6 year old son has learned to play Chess so well from this that he can beat his parents more than half the time . Legoland was so addictive that he and I played nothing else for about 2 weeks straight . I still find I like creating parks from scratch.My only complaint
 This review is specifically for the Lego Chess cd . My 5 year old absolutely loves it and has enjoyed it for hours on end . That cd alone is worth the price of the whole set ! It is very user-friendly and he has gotten so good as a direct result of playing Lego Chess that we will be entering him in grade level tournaments in January . With your choice of cowboy , pirate , and soldier themes and a variety of animations that take place when a piece is captured makes this game a learning experience that is great fun !
 This classic game is loads of fun and yes it works on a 64bit windows 7 a game that is teaching kids history but also letting them have fun !
 This program is great . Just snap your pictures with your digital camera or scan them in . You can do up to 30 slideshows on one disc and up to 36 pictures in each slideshow . Adding the pictures is super easy . You can add music to each show and a title and music to each menu . My pictures that were taken with a 2 megapixel camera were very sharp and colorful . The pictures that I took with a pocket VGA camera were even pretty good . The best part is that you do n't have to have a DVD burner . I burned one off on a CD-R and it still has DVD quality . Just make sure your DVD player will accept CD-R 's and CD-RW 's or it has the `` Compact Disc Digital Video '' symbol on it . Also you may need to go into your DVD player menu and turn on the PSB setting . My would n't play unless I did . You may have made VCD movies before and the resolution is below VHS quality but the slideshows are DVD quality . If you do n't want to print all your pictures because you need a nicer printer or your camera is only 1 MegaPixel try this program . I was way impressed .
 IS THE BEST YOU KNOW BUY IT !
 Ok , there are MANY software for recording audio and now with DVD there are a lot of CONFUSING and ` go to University '' type software to burn DVDs . Stomp 's record Now Max Platinum can not be simpler , effective and to the point than this . Any BLIND person can use this product . IT IS THAT SIMPLE . Talk about true click and burn , well here it is , in one package . Sit down Roxio and Nero , there is a new kid on the block , Record Now Max Platinum . Now , that 's what Burning is all about . Delete the others , buy this product !!
 I previously used EasyCD Creator as well as the bundled software that came with the Sony CDRW drive I recently purchased . The ease of use with RecordNow is substantially better than either of those . I purchased it because it rated much higher in software testing . I have not been disappointed in any way . Highly recommended .
 Do you still have your recordnow software?Can you tell me what version it was or is -LRB- 4.5 , 4.6 , 4.61 -RRB- ... Would you be willing to sell it , or sell a copy of the installation cd , since this product is no longer manufactured.The newest sonic , is horrible . Everything after 4.6 was a mess .
 I initially came across a derivative of this software shipped with a new DVD writer from HP . Prior to that I had always usedEasy CD platinum as it better suited me for most of my options . I burn a great deal of photography and video to CD/DVD and had had problems using Nero to obtain compatible DVD and VCD file formats.Record Now however is simple to use and has a good interface that handles most of your needs with one mouse click . I particularly like the ability to erase RW drives or format them there at the same time . On the left of the interface an icon clearly depicts which drive you are selecting or using at that time -LRB- I have both DVD and CDRW drives -RRB- I tend to write at a slower speed that the max available for the drive and I have had very few failed disks . The software seems to be in harmony with the drive.In the older versions i had problems with the drive locking up due to DLA -LRB- direct letter access -RRB- facilities conflicting with the drive . I am convinced however that this was more of a HP issue as they were using a variant of the original product.Pleased with the basic concept of the software , I purchased the platinum edition almost immediately and removed the HP software from my machine . Surprise Surprise the problems went away and I recommend this product
 Easy CD Creator would not work on my system . I uninstalled and reinstalled the blasted thing and it still would not make my CD burner burn . So I installed this product called RecordNow Max . It worked the first time . Now I 'm burning my own CD 's like a madman . Very good product .
 If you are tired of iMovie and do n't have the bottomless bit of money for Final Cut Pro , this is a good alternative . With a simple user interface , but an expansive feature list , it 's a solid program , that is only enchanced by the incredible power of a mac . I would recommend this for any user regardless of their money or equipment situation .
 This software offers a consumer/prosumer user the advanced features of Premiere and Final Cut Pro with a great price . You can do things with this software that you ca n't do with iMovie 2 . It is a must have for anybody who wants to get more from their Mac .
 My friend has this and it seems to work pretty well . There are many special effects to choose from , you can add titles and also many other things . This would come highly recomended .
 The breathtaking Impression DVD software will blow you away . With hollywood style features no other program can compete . You create professional quality movies with menus and burn them to DVD . With Dolby Digital support your audience will be amazed !
 Received exactly as advertised , & CD worked appropriately . So far , there have been no errors in the CD . -LRB- Am only thru lesson # 3 -RRB-
 THis is a great product - I have been raving about it to all my friends since I got it .
 Shipped quickly . And it is in great condition . My husband loves it . I bought it for Christmas and woke up Christmas morning and remembered I forgot to wrap it . . LOL But I got it wrapped . And he loved it !
 These tools are great . I had used the KnowledgePoint policy writing software years ago . Wrote an entire personnel policy handbook in an afternoon . And I knew nothing about HR or employment law!So when I started a new company I looked for the latest version , I saw that they had bundled it into the Ultimate Employer suite . Now I have started writing job descriptions for my -LRB- 4 -RRB- employees and I plan to evaluate them using Performance Now . It 's a great value and time saver.These tools have helped me create a better work environment and , as we grow , it 'll be easy to add new employees and make sure we 're all moving in the right direction.Five stars on quality of output , value and ease of use . Minus one star because the individual programs are n't fully integrated .
 With all the legal liabilities out there today from employees , this software is wonderful . I reviewed the individual software packages on those pages , but this is the `` bargain pack '' where we got 4 packages for less than the price of 3 . It enabled our new company to write a policy manual in less than 2 hours ; write job descriptions quickly , with legally appropriate language , and consistent through each job ; enter and track employee info ; and my favorite , manage performance more efficiently and effectively for employees . Includes free technical support , although we have not read the manual and have not had to call .
 I installed this so that I could play Riven without having to switch CD-ROMs . It installed easily and it works great.I recommend installing a `` virtual cd-rom '' device for each cd-rom you want to put on your hard drive and then set the `` default setting '' for each cd-rom for that particular `` virtual cd-rom device '' . Then if you are not using the cd-roms , `` eject '' them from each virtual player . If they are left `` in '' the virtual cd-rom device they slow down the computer when it is doing other functions . Since each cd-rom uses about 700 MB of hard drive you wo n't have room to put in very many cd-roms .
 We switched to SQL Server 2005 for our platform because 2000 went end-of-life . Happy to report our interactions with the new version have been superb . The workgroup edition version , thankfully , now can use up to 3GB of RAM -LRB- something that required Enterprise in the previous version -RRB- . We 've also found the engine to appear to use significantly fewer resources -LRB- CPU , memory -RRB- than 2000 - which is great . Some of our functions increased in speed by 3-5X . A dramatic improvements . We 're very impressed .
 Workgroup edition is an entry-level version of sql server 2005 . I 've used it successfully in our small departments , and for when I did n't need BI . For heavy lifting , you 'll need a higher , more full-featured version . For BI -LRB- analysis services , reporting services , notification services , transformation services -RRB- you 'll need at least standard . To help get sql server set up and configured properly I relied heavily on Stanek 's SQL Server 2005 Administrator 's Pocket Consultant , at just under 600 pages it packs in lots of detail .
 I 've found that the software proves as a good study tool . It comes in two disks . `` Comton 's Interactive Bible -LRB- NIV -RRB- and `` The Complete Multimedia Bible -LRB- KJV -RRB- In the first , the Text is great -LRB- NIV -RRB- and the commentarries are what I would expect from Zondervan . The program is very easy to use . And comes with a guided tour to help out . I 've never been able to get the On-Line feature to work -LRB- it looks like they are trying to push AOL -RRB- , but , I 've got enough material to sift through on the CD 's alone . I did find that the `` Complete Multimedia Bibe '' -LRB- KJV -RRB- is really dated . The interface seems `` DOSish '' compaired to `` Compton 's Interactive Bible -LRB- NIV -RRB- '' I find that I do n't use the `` Complete Multimedia Bible '' as much as the other . I have found that Amazon sells `` Compton 's Interactive Bible -LRB- NIV -RRB- '' seperatly .
 Zondervan tops the market once again with this software . Use as a study guide or as a companion to other references . This software gives you the richness of The Written Word of God and the creativity of technology to help the user gain a deeper understanding of scripture.There 's more to The Written Word of God than reading it , there 's understanding on a personal level . How can a person live the Word , if he/she ca n't understand it ? That 's where Zondervan steps in ! The people of Zondervan has tailored this software to be as user-friendly as a water-faucet handle ! I recommend this to software to anyone who has a thirst for knowledge .
 I don not understand the negative reviews on this product . As a multimedia Bible , Compton 's -LRB- now Zondervan -RRB- is probably the best moderate priced computer Bible on the market . Superlative and intuitive multimedia presentation combined with the very readable and accurate NIV Bible text plus commentary gives the average reader and excellent online Bible -LRB- sure is more fun than the standard book form -RRB- ! From papyrus to codex to computer , the Bible can never die as the Word of God . Compton 's Interactive NIV is proof of it - enjoy this Bible for the tech age !
 This CD has filled my exact needs . It was shipped very promptly , I received it in about 4 days after I placed my order . I am well satified in the seller RainbowDreams4us .
 The above title is not a humourous reference to all the sex , violence , genocide , etc. contained in the Bible -LRB- although it could be -RRB- , but to the fact that some of the commentary in one of the two cds -LRB- the Complete Multimedia Bible -RRB- is extremely unscholarly and manages to preach some of the intolerance found in more conservative churches . In contrast , the Compton 's Bible cd goes for a more positive , inspirational angle . The Compton 's is superior in numerous other facets . It has better design , better art/music/etc , a better translation -LRB- sure , the King James version is nice and flowery but that gets in the way of reading and understanding it -RRB- , and contains all the good multimedia of the other cd , pretty much rendering the other cd redundant and useless , and I believe it can be bought on its own . Therefore , imagine you are just buying one Bible cd when you try to decide if the price is worthwhile or look for the Compton 's on its own.The Compton 's cd does have some interesting historical insight , but it is also designed with Christians in mind , so it does n't go into controversial history . If you really want to study the Bible -LRB- as it now exists -- it does not contain any of the deletions that resulted from the Council of Nicea -RRB- , you should therefore also still try to obtain a more unbiased book from someone not just trying to support or debunk the book -LRB- Asimov 's guide is a good choice -RRB- , but even if the Compton 's is n't the best at outlining the Bible 's history , you still need a copy of the actual text , and this cd with its search engines , pleasant music -LRB- classical/middle eastern -RRB- , beautiful artwork , timelines , maps , etc. , make this a nice form in which to own a Bible .
 I have to admit I was snobbish when Motion first came out . As a intermediate After Effects user , I thought , for instance , that using pre-assigned `` behaviors '' would look canned and amaturish -LRB- sort of like the seeing effects you know were done in imovie -RRB- . But with each new project , I find myself relying more and more on Motion . For one thing , it 's fast . Some people gripe that the real-time architecture is not perfect , but I can tell you that with a G4 powerbook -LRB- 1.5 GHz and 1gig RAM -RRB- the difference between in speed using Motion over AE is phenominal . One of the major benefits is that you can audtion filters and behaviors on your content with virtually no wait time . Moreover , if you are using sound or music , that needs to be synched to your graphics , the playback is dramatically faster than in AE . I have chosen to use motion for simpler graphic projects -LRB- text , titling , colorizing -RRB- simply because of the vast amount of time I save not having to render everytime I tweak -LRB- and I tweak a lot -RRB- . Of course , Motion as Apple readily admits , is not a substitue for After Effects when it comes to high end animation . There are no light or camera tools , and using no abilty to script -LRB- as AE does with `` Expressions '' -RRB- . But I predict Apple will get more ambitious with each generation . Motion 2 for instance , offers the `` replicator '' tool , which I plan to use as a fast alternative to basic scripting.The bottom line is that for $ 300 this is a amazing piece of software . It is also a great way to get started with motion graphics and actually get pretty far . It is far more easy and ituitive that AE , but , ultimately , if you are an aspiring motion graphic designer , you must master After Effects as it is still the industry standard .
 About three or four years ago , my parents forced me to sit down and work with this program until I could type fast . Thank goodness they did ! Now I enjoy computer programming , creative writing , and surfing the Internet at a much faster speed.I do n't have the speed of a professional typist , obviously , but including errors my typing speed is on average over one hundred words per minute . Parents - if you want to help your kids out , get them this or a later version of this program . I 'm not in high school yet , but I 'm already enjoying the benefits of getting my work done well and efficiently .
 This is generally a great program . The Games are fun -LRB- especially the road race -RRB- . What I do n't like about it is that in this one exercise where you 're supposed to type in time with a metronome , the metronome is completly off beat with the music that plays ! it makes it very hard to keep time with the metronome and not the music !
 I am 16 years old now . I use Mavis Beacon when i was about 9 for a few months . I felt like it was n't working so i stopped and perodically did it once in a while until i was 10 or 11 . I am now in the 10th grade . I have never taken a computer class or typing class in school and I type at 56 adjust words per minute . People ask me how i learned to type as fast as i do at a young age . When i was in the 6th grade i typed at about 40 adjust wpm . which is still pretty good ! It may seem like it 's not working but in the long run you 'll start to type while watching tv etc. . As a matter of fact , I 'm looking at the tv right now as I type this review . lol ! This program is GREAT ! It really works , especially for younger kids . It 's not hard at ALL and has really great games . It may be a challenge at first but soon you 'll be typing much faster than when you start to use it . I HIGHLY recommend this program . It is VERY good !!!!
 This is a fun program and yields immediate results . My children could n't wait to give it a try and I have high hopes that given a little more time , they will make huge progress towards being effiecient typers ! I had fun too ! It employs your competitive spirit to do a little better the next time - addictive .
 It 's fun ... i 've gotten almost up to the hardest level of the touch-typing . There are many games that help you learn to touch-type , yet they are fun . There are many courses to go through , and you have to always sign in as a WHATEVER user . Do n't be fooled by its ' cover , it looks wierd , but once you start typing , you ca n't stop !!!!
 about 7 years ago while I was a junior high school student , I learned to type using this software -LRB- the earlier version , of course -RRB- on my Apple Performa 580 .
 I have used this product for over a year and I am very happy with it . It may not be the best program for vacationers as one might require more details for a pleasure trip . However , for business travel this gives me what I need to know : * The most popular restaurants and the price range of each * Hotels situated in the major downtown and business areas * Bars and other places for nightlife and entertainment * Major points of interest * General information about the city in questionMany of the reviews concerning this product complain about the lack of coverage . In smaller cities -LRB- and I spend time in them as well -RRB- the options for dining and entertainment are not as imposing as they are in , for instance , Chicago , Philadelphia , San Francisco , New York , Houston , Seattle , etc. . I have used this guide in all of those cities plus many more and I have been very pleased with the information that it provides . I highly recommend it for those who require quick and reliable guidance while traveling for business .
 ordered Fodor 's North American Garmin Travel SD guide . Its great . a must have if you travel coast to coast . gives restaurants , hotels , gas stations , and entertainment for the area that you visiting with all the details phone number . address , prices , menus and much more . this has made my driving coast to coast a much more enjoyable experience .
 This little device is amazing . It is smart , fast , and easy to use . I have used it to find business meetings , new places to eat , and new routes to known destinations . It does not always have up to date information . It needs to have updates done more often and they should be offered for free .
 Compliments the Garmin perfectly . Examples of this product ... . You were stuck in mud , now you 're on the highway and car is vibrating , you know it is because of the mud in the rims ... . you wonder where the nearest car wash is ... . Just ask the garmin now that you have travel guide ... . and it instantly tells you all the nearest car washesOr if you are hungry , again the guide will advise you of where the nearest food outlet is , and it even goes further , if you were after a specific type of food , example chinese , it will only show you chinese food outlets etc.The data comes on a SD digital card and installs easily into your garmin .
 Super easy to install and makes the otherwise Great Garmin NUVI out of this world ... has all the best restaurants and easy to access ... Worth EVERY penny ...
 You not only learn how to type more words per minute , efficiently , it is fun while you are learning . It is positively addicting !
 This is a very useful CD-rom ! All 3 of our children are increasing their typing speed for the first time on the cpu . Would highly recommend it to anyone looking to teach anyone how to type effectively .
 Typical Apple , it just does n't get any better . Each step forward is a major gain for Apple 's clients . Apple keeps it 's clients far ahead of other comepting products . This gives us the means to provide the very best to our customers .
 This is just about the perfect graphic design program for the non-professional or the professional who needs help occasionally . It provides the tools and a few templates just in case but lets you do the design work all the way . It is like a streamlined version of MS Publisher . Love it .
 All mac owners should get this if running 10.4 Replaces AppleWorks and reduces the need for Word productsI publish a web site , click a button and you are inMust be a . me or . mac member to use iWeb .
 I have been working as a sound designer for almost twenty years and finally a program arrived that delivers everything I ever wanted -LRB- excluding midi -RRB- . The problem with most digital audio software is working within their idea of a workflow . SOUNDTRACK PRO allows me to manipulate and experiment with audio the way a graphic designer works with images . Better writers than I have elaborated on the details so I direct you to Len Sasso 's article in the September 2005 Electronic Musician magazine . You can read it online.Check this one out . It has been a long time since I looked forward to opening a program when it was time to work . No telling how many ideas I would explore that day!Paul Rajeckasrajeckas@aol.com
 It 's awesome . You can do so many things . Great for everyone . Works also great with HD resolution projects - 1920x1080 - even at my PowerBook G4 .
 Motion 2 is amazing , but do n't buy it . Motion 3 is out and is 5 MILLION times better !
 The short and sweet of it is that every upgrade in this package seems like an improvement . From Final Cut Pro 's multicamera editing addition to Soundtrack Pro 's audio cleanup tools , I 've found an abundance of tools and features that will soon become essentials for me in an editing package . The package seems to need a fairly high end computer with a fair amount of RAM and OS X Tiger to really utilize of lot of it 's new features such as the Core Image/Video features to their fullest extent , but renderless previews are worth it . I 'd recommend it to anyone seeking to upgrade FCP and add all the other programs incredible functions .
 Just this weekend I installed OmniPage Pro X on my Mac Pro running OS X 10.5.7 -LRB- `` Leopard '' with all current updates as of June 15 09 -RRB- . I did n't expect the installer to work , let alone the program -- but , to my pleasant surprise , both worked swimmingly . The program runs slowly , no doubt because it 's running with the built-in PPC emulation layer -LRB- `` Rosetta '' -RRB- but it still did everything it needed to do , just as it always did . Note that this was with a pre-existing PDF -- I have not yet tried to scan directly from within the program , but even if that failed , I would just scan separately with the Epson software and convert to PDF first.All this said , I do wish Nuance would issue an upgrade . I 'd be happy to pay for one to have an Intel-native version that ran faster .
 This old PPC software works flawlessly with my Mac Pro running 10.6.7 . It works with my Brother Laser scanner and Epson Photo and it seldom makes a mistake with text . It works so good I can hardly believe the results considering how old the SW is ! The reason I 'm even researching this is because 10.7 Lion supposedly will no longer support Rosetta -LRB- the built in emulation software that allows one to run PPC applications -RRB- . If this turns out to be the case when the final 10.7 is released , then OmniPage Pro X will no longer run from 10.7 on :--LRB- That 's too bad because while it has a funky UI , it works flawlessly . Do n't believe these other guys , I 've used it for years with every version of OSX and it just keeps chugging along . I only hope I can find something that works as good . Since I do n't use OCR SW very often , I might just keep a 10.6.7 partition for PPC apps because it 's that good and easy to use . Just 1,2,3 steps and you can even automate it to do it all with one click ... amazing .
 I have been using this latest edition of Omnipage with my Mac OSX 3.9 without even reading the instructions . The last version I used was several years ago because I had received ReadIris with my scanner . I found ReadIris SO frustrating I just quit using it . It never worked accurately nor correctly for me -- and I had been spoiled previously with the ease of Omipage.Recently I acquired this latest version of OmniPage and was able to immediately use it -- based on my experience several versions ago . It has run successfully for me and I find it to have improved accuracy in character recognition and enhanced capability for text layout.For example , I had a complex pdf file , originally constructed in landscape orientation that I needed to OCR . I scanned it in in portrait orientation ... and Omnipage recognized and automatically adjusted the orientation as it was loading the document . Amazing ! It then correctly identified the zones of the 45 page document -- and accurately OCR 'd them . Finally , when I captured the OCR text in a Word document , it formatted it correctly , just like the original document.I can only imagine the capability that this program offers -LRB- if I read the instructions ! -RRB-
 I set out to design a decent floor plan and thats about it . Many people gave this software bad reviews but they failed to mention that this software is NOT a 3d rendering software as you would expect from Lightwave or 3ds max , but instead it is software for designing floor plans.As far as changing scale ALL home blueprints in the us are typically 1/4
 I bought this on blind faith -LRB- $ 40.00 -RRB- because my daughter was having trouble with Algebra . This program not only helped her in that subject , but encouraged her to go on to Geometry , Trig and Pre Calculus ! I recommend this program .
 This rather heavy box contains Final Cut Pro 5 , Soundtrack Pro , Motion 2 , DVD Studio Pro 4 & Shake 4 and lots and lots of books -LRB- my kind of packaging -RRB- . My old Final Cut Pro 4 books have lots of places bookmarked with stickies . I know that you can use the help menu on the computer but for those of us who do like to curl up with a good manual I was in heaven . The box has a total of eight books . Five of them are for Final Cut Pro the others are for Motion 2 , Soundtrack Pro and DVD Studio Pro 4 . You have to invest both time and hard drive space for this software . I did n't install all of the extras that came in the box , but I did install quite a bit . To install all of the bells and whistles you would need about 41GB . I installed partial which used only 21GB which is still a hard drive hog.While there were many great programs that came in the box I will only focus on Final Cut Pro 5 . What comes new for Final Cut Pro : - `` Multicamera Editing Using Multiclips '' . This allows you to group together multiple clips as separate angles and switch back and forth between the clips in real time . You can have up to 128 angles but only the first 16 can be played back in real time . This worked great for my multi-camera projects . - You can now capture , edit and output native MPEG-2 HDV video plus 720p30 , 720p60 , 1080i60 & 1080i50 formats . Using supported USB or FireWire you can import and export native DV , DVCPRO & DVCPRO 50 footage from Panasonic P2 cards all without any generation loss . - Apple Professional Application Integration has a new `` Send to Menu '' which allows you to select one or more clips in your project and open them in other Apple Pro applications such as Shake 4 , Soundtrack Pro and Motion 2 . - You can embed Motion and LiveType projects directly into your Final Cut projects and edit them like any other clip in your timeline . - You can also process audio in your Final Cut project using Soudtrack Pro by editing nondestructively or destructively using the Waveform Editor . When you make changes to Soundtrack audio that is embedded in a Final Cut project the audio in your Final Cut project is updated immediately . - Interface Enhancements , allow you to now change the text display size in the Browser and Timeline . A new customized keyboard layout for real-time multicamera editing is also included . Plus new button bars for common workflows like Multiclip , Media Logging & Audio Editing . - Rendering of `` Still Images '' & `` Generator Performance '' are now rendered to a `` Constant Frames '' folder which is stored in the current `` Render Files '' on your scratch disk which helps playback performance significantly . - RT Extreme & Real-Time Playback
 After working in Adobe Premiere for a couple of years , I switched to Sony Vegas Video for a while and worked with Avid for a few years also . I liked Vegas and Avid much better than Premiere , but once I learned Final Cut Pro , I have n't gone back . It 's easily my favorite of the non-linear editing software I 've used.Of the 2 negative comments I 've seen so far , one had to do with the fact that he had mistakenly been sent only the handbooks and no software . I 'm sure that 's quite frustrating , but I do n't see how he can rate the software 1-star when he DOES N'T EVEN HAVE IT ! And the other guy apparently does n't know too much about Final Cut Pro either . For example , he says that when you place a clip in the timeline it WRITES OVER other clips automatically . In actuality , there is a horizontal line passing through each track in the timeline - if you drag the clip into the timeline and release the mouse when the pointer is UNDER the line -LRB- and looks like a DOWN arrow -RRB- , then the clip will be edited to the timeline as an OVERWRITE edit ; if you release the mouse when the pointer is ABOVE the line -LRB- and looks like a RIGHT arrow -RRB- , then the clip will be edited as an INSERT edit , and the clips after it remain intact . It 's as simple as that.If that is what is meant by `` THINKing HARD '' to use this software ... either I 'm good at `` thinking hard '' -LRB- doubtful -RRB- , or someone 's in for a long and difficult life , full of `` puzzles '' . I honestly think that Final Cut Pro has the lowest learning curve of any of the editing programs that I 've used , and nearly everyone I know that 's learned it identifies with my experience.Plus , the additional software in this Studio package is worth the money many times over - Motion , with its real-time previews of effects and incredibly simple interface , beats After Effects hands-down ; LiveType is incredibly easy to work with and produces quality titles , Soundtrack is pretty good at reducing noise and touching up audio , and DVD Studio Pro is great as well . Plus , the ability to communicate between the programs -LRB- without re-rendering or re-exporting -RRB- better than , say , the Adobe programs is what is the best selling-point of this package.Again , that 's what this listing is for - a `` package '' of SEVERAL incredible software applications and extras , for a reasonable price . You 're definitely free to be swayed by the one valid -LRB- meaning the gentleman definitely has every right to dissent -RRB- negative review that , incidentally , was for Final Cut Pro - NOT Final Cut Studio ... notice the lack of a review of any of the other programs . While Amazon also sells Final Cut Pro separately , I guess writing a review for the proper product may also fall under the category `` thinking hard '' . Overall , this is an INCREDIBLE package , and well worth the money !
 I 'm currently studying to be a professional film editor . I 've worked extensively with Final Cut Pro , and I can say from personal experience with a variety of editing programs that FCP is the ultimate platform in terms of intuitive features , relevant range of capabilities and , most importantly , the quality of the final product.This is what professionals use . From Napoleon Dynamite , to Cold Mountain , to countless independent pictures , this is the digital editing platform that pros use when they 're putting their reputation on the line . What does that mean to people who are n't pros -LRB- yet -RRB- ? If you 're a cinephile or avid hobbyist , then this is the software that will best help you put your money where your mouth is in the editing room.Final Cut Pro is not for amateurs . Then again , what professional software is ? It 's true that there is a little more to think about when you 're using software that gives the user so much manual control . If it 's a problem that one clip writes over another when you place one clip over the other , then there are several other programs , such as iMovie or Windows Movie Maker , that will better suit sloppy clip placement or other easily avoided mistakes.When Joe Amateur uses Final Cut Pro , whether he realizes it or not , he has an unprecedented level of professional power available at his fingertips.Re
 Apple has stepped up to the plate and put together a really amazing package , of professional quality software programs!As a filmmaker myself , I have yet to use software that is this powerful and easy to useI have used Avid , Pro Tools , and many other Windows programs ----- but Apple always impresses me because I find its editing tools to be more powerful , easier to use , and easy to learn/maintainAs for folks who are upgrading , Final Cut Pro 5 is indeed much faster and has more RT capabilities ----- if you do some heavy editing , then this update is worth itFor new buyers , the package also includes Soundtrack , DVD Studio Pro , and MotionI have used Soundtrack extensively for music creation , and have been very pleased with the results -- the music integrated extremely well into many films of mine , and at the very least , it will give music composers a template to experiment withDVD Studio Pro is extremely fast and easy to use ----- it makes professional DVD creation easy because it outlines everything for you on a great template , but the hundreds of options it has makes creativity easyand Motion ... . it simply ROCKSBest of all , all of these programs are interwoven , so its almost like using just one big programJust buy it - its worth itand for STUDENTS , go to the Apple website and buy the educational version , as its the same software , but at half the priceHAPPY EDITING !!!!!!!
 Whoever rated this editing system badly is trying to fill others with misinformation ! This total editing system is simply the best editor out there . The end ... put it in the can . To say otherwise is just plain wrong .
 Well worth the money . Typical Apple quality . Discount from Amazon.com is the best .
 I 've been a user of . mac since the free days , and happy to discover that the annual renewals are cheaper when bought from Amazon . Paying for all of this is the one mark against it , but I ca n't fault Apple for covering their costs . They offer good extras for the money . E-mail has been very reliable for me , and the integration with my data for syncing and backing up is a bonus .
 Apple has enhanced . Mac recently with an improved backup program and additional storage space online -LRB- 1 GB now , which can be divided between your email and iDisk accounts however you like -RRB- . They have also increased the server bandwidth you can have each month for hosted data on their . Mac homepage servers -LRB- all the better to Pod Cast with -RRB- . But the main feature for most users remains the automatic daily offsite backup over the internet of your most critical files . . Mac becomes a great alternative to sneakerware with a full gig of storage -LRB- especially if you have broadband at home and at work -RRB- .
 The one gig of storage space up from 256mb is a big plus . I 'm syncing my iCal , bookmarks , and contacts to several different macs . I know I could make a homepage on my own with a private host for less , but there 's no easier or quicker way to get a slideshow online with a nice presentatation than with iPhoto with . Mac.It would be five stars if the storage was even larger , and those exclusive widgets they promised were available .
 Best price I could find when I needed to do the annual renewal of my . Mac account . I had seen lower net prices earlier with rebates , etc. , but I did n't need it then .
 I like the . mac account , but it could be a little cheaper . Luckily Amazon sells it for less than what the Apple Store charges .
 This software package gives you an account with . Mac for one year at a lower price than you can get through Apple . You 'll get an @apple . com email address , 250MB of storage space on Apple 's servers and a few other services . Those services are : Webmail - Access to your mail from any computer with internet access.Homepage - An insanely easy to use program for posting your own webpages . You can even password protect them if you so choose.iDisk - Your personal hard disk on the internet . Perfect for sharing files and archiving.Backup - A very easy to use program for backig up your important files to iDisk , CD , DVD and/or external drives.Support - Online support in the form of FAQ 's , Discussion Boards , hlepful links , Tips and the AppleCare Knowledge Base.Info Sharing - Access your Address Book and Bookmarks with any computer connected to the internet . You can even post your iCal calendars to the web to share with others.This is the perfect solution for people -LRB- like me -RRB- who do n't want to be bothered with finding multiple other companies to preform these same tasks . It 's also good to know that someone 's watching your back . Apple does this by continually updating the support pages as well as offering many free programs and demos through iDisk . For me though , the best feature -LRB- besides email -RRB- is homepage . It allows me to easily keep family and friends up to date with my life . I post a quartly newsleter as well as photos from special occations . And speaking of email it 's terrific . It 's best feaute is the ability to creat aliases -LRB- up to five of them -RRB- so you can have a different email address for shopping , groups and message boards . If ever an alias is getting to much spam , just temporarliy turn it off.For keeping family up to date , an internet based hard drive with 250MB of space , backup software and a feature rich email account you could hardly do better than a . Mac account .
 Who would pay Microsoft , for an email account , backup solution , light web hosting , and a few other seemingly trivial features ? However , with Apple , it does not seem like such a bad deal . Why ? Like a Macintosh , . mac services simply `` work . '' . Mac Mail is a convenient mail service . Why ? You can access your mail from just about any mail client using SMTP and POP3 , or you can access your email from mac.com . The choice is yours
 The authorization code in the box can be used not only to open a new dot Mac account , but can also be used to renew an existing subscription -LRB- normally $ 99 -RRB- . If you 're a renewing subscriber , you can usually save money by purchasing the retail box here at Amazon .
 I have subscribed to . mac since the beginning , but always stopped to think if it was worth the cost of renewing . After the recent upgrade in service , I will no longer hesitate to renew . First , the Backup software is finally decent - it was totally lame before this new version -LRB- what took so long ? -RRB- . The increase to 1 GB of storage is nice and the new 10GB -LRB- monthly -RRB- limit on data transfers -LRB- up from 3 GB -RRB- now makes . mac a viable option for distribution and and exchange of files with a moderate size group of people . The new `` group '' feature appears to make this type of exchange easy , although I have n't tried it . This service is finally starting to mature into a nice set of features that complement the best OS available.Amazon is clearly the place to buy this service and save some $
 I find this product indespensible . I am able to sync all my computers anywhere I have internet access . It is a good value for the price .
 I 've read a lot of complaints here and there about the . Mac service ever since it launched . However , Apple has shown year after year their committment to improving the features and service to . Mac customers.With . Mac 3.0 , Apple has raised the bar again , with 1GB of storage , seamless integration into applications like Mail , iSync , iPhoto , Safari , and Address Book , and great applications like Backup 3.0 . Ironically , buying the retail box product is even cheaper than signing up online with Apple , so I highly recommend this purchase .
 I was a bit apprehensive as it came time to renew my . Mac membership . The service had not had much of an overhaul since it debuted as a pay-for service 3 years ago . Anti-virus software and other free software downloads were no longer available , and the paltry 250MB of shared email and disk storage paled in comparison to most other free online services . But faced with the prospect of losing the email address that I 'd been using for the past 5 years , as well as my entire network of uploaded photo pages , I seemed resigned to pay for the renewal.But last week , Apple came through again and upgraded the features of . Mac , making the upgrade more than worth it . For less than $ 80 a year for . Mac service here on Amazon , you now get 1GB of online storage to share between your email account and iDisk . But more importantly , Apple has dramatically increased the allowed monthly bandwidth to your . Mac photo and video pages , making it easier to share your memories with friends , family and colleagues without the worry of not being able to deliver all of that content.There 's a new new version of Backup -LRB- version 3.0 -RRB- which has a more intuitive interface for both novices and advances users . Reports say that performance has increased , but I have not had the chance to adequately test it in order to confirm that.Another feature of . Mac are Groups . You can create collaoration points with other . Mac members to share files and information , although all members of the group must belong to . Mac.For anyone who is using Mac OS X 10.4 -LRB- Tiger -RRB- , I highly recommend . Mac . The integration into all of the Tiger applications -LRB- Mail , iCal , Address Book , iSync -RRB- is seamless and makes backing up and synchronizing your data so much easier . Photo publishing with iPhoto 5 is even easier now as well.Count me in for one more year of . Mac and I am looking forward to more improvements next year !
 Apple has just upgraded . Mac adding new features : . Mac Groups . Create private , ad-free online communities that let friends , family , teammates , and colleagues easily communicate , coordinate and share digital media . Share a common group iDisk . Send email to a single group address.Backup 3 . Completely redesigned , . Mac Backup lets you set up and complete backups more quickly and easily . Automatically backup iLife content or purchased iTunes music . Use Spotlight to find specific files to back up.Increased Storage . Take advantage of a whopping 1GB of combined email and iDisk storage . Make that 2GB if you purchase a . Mac Family Pack.If you need the features . Mac provides , why not save money at Amazon.com
 I belonged to . Mac since it first became available . I used it mostly for e-mail and some backup of vital files . I was considering dropping it but Apple has improved the service and features . It is especially valuable with multiple Macs . I have Macs at home and at the office . The ability to synchronize my calendar , bookmarks , e-mail , and contacts has been a great asset . It also syncs with my Palm Tungsten E. I have also used it to post vacation photos , host my home page , manage mail on the road , and post files for downloading . Apple used to keep me going each year with free software . They seemed to have slowed down on this , but the software goodies are a nice bonus that can help the service pay for itself . It has an intuitive interface and I have never had problems with service not being available . Highly recommended .
 The . Mac suite of services is a very powerful tool yet comphrehensive enough for anybody to use . Not only that but it is a constantly evolving interactive tool as well.Just in the last year I am amazed at the amount of interface tutorials and upgrades that have been added to my account . All free of charge!I am not sure what it is like from the PC perspective but I can tell you that as a Mac user it handles my digital photo 's , calender , address book and maybe most significant of all , the backup of my important files and information.Wow!Throw in web publishing with no need for any training or knowledge of html.More bang for your hundred bucks than anything else I have used including software , hardware , online services , galleries , email services and the list goes on.To top it off I can access the full scope of services and all my files from any computer anywhere in the world . My web pages are easily viewable by those using Apple or PC platforms too.The only thing it has n't done on a `` click '' is upload Adobe psd files but that is easily accomplished by converting those to tiff or jpeg.Good luck !
 You could get all the services elsewhere for free , but . Mac puts them all in one place and intergrates with your computer -LRB- s -RRB- seamlesly . I have been a user for many years and do n't see that changing anytime soon . I hope they continue to improve the services as it grows .
 I got this many years ago , around the 5th grade . It was great fun making and printing garfield comics . They come out looking just like something out of the printed books.For obvious reasons , it is limited in what you can put into a comic strip . I remember having very few backgrounds to choose from . However , it was a simple drag-and-drop operation to place characters in many different poses . Speech and thought bubbles are also drag-and-drop , and you can put in whatever text you like.However , it is in desperate need of updating . Computers and programming languages have come a long way since this was created . If Scholastic were to hire ONE decent programmer for a few weeks/months , he/she could rewrite this and make it much better . -LRB- higher resolution , please ? -RRB- Despite its limitations , it was a great program that I would recommend to any young garfield fan .
 Nothing 's more better than building your own Garfield comic book!This is 1 cool program you sell , Amazon !
 This is a great series ! I had to take a proficiency test for Word and PowerPoint . If I failed , it was going to cost me $ 2400 for a 3 credit course . I went through all of the lessons in this series on those two programs in about three days and passed the test . I saved a load of cash and a lot of time !
 I was not very familiar with Excel and now I need to improve my skills . This program takes you through step by step and explains how this program works . It is going to take some time to become an expert , but I can learn at my own pace . The fact that I can do this at home is a real plus.I work and do n't have time to go and sit in a classroom . This works for me .
 This is an easy to follow , comprehensive tutorial for learning Excel . I have not had a chance to look at the Word portion.Definitely , worth the $ 19.95 selling price .
 I bought this product for my aging parent who wanted to learn excel . I previewed it and found it very easy to use and can attest to the fact that my parent in his 80 's has now learned excel and uses it regularly .
 This is a good product . I like the way it is set up - easy to follow . I got my materials when advertised and they were in excellent condition . Would highly recommend this product .
 I liked using this program . I learned a lot . Was easy . They show you exactly how to do things .
 This game works on windows 7 too . The picture is a small square in the middle or a full screen picture . The full screen is blurry , however the small screen is bigger than a nintendo DSi XL so who cares?I did n't realize how much reading skills kindergartners were supposed to have so my daughter is behind . This game is saving my life . HOP is good too . There are different skill levels and the material is solid . She loves this game and I had to pry her away from the computer . This game is so much better than any of the workbooks we have .
 We have a nonprofit organization and this program is invaluable to our success . Since recieving it I have been able to create a database in Access so we can continue our operations . The seller was very attendent and described the product as recieved .
 Although it does say it can be used and supports copying for all other Operating Systems , I used it for Microsoft Products.The only failing of this product is that it can not transfer from a larger Drive to a Smaller Drive , unless the larger drive has been partitioned into sections smaller than the target drive.Other wise if you have multiple systems , with the same relative configuration , this tool is infinitely handy . Also is perfect in creating a duplicate backup drives . Quick and Easy to use , this software was definitely worth the money .
 I recently bought Copy Commander at a local computer store and used it to move a Linux installation from one hard drive to another after creating a new partition . It 's simple to use , even for a non-expert like myself
 If you are upgrading your computer with a new hard drive i highly recomend Copy commander by vcom . The hardest part about the installation is putting in the hard drive . After that put in the cd make a floppy and let copy command do all the hard work of transfering the files to your new drive .
 I travel frequently , and always have to carry my laptop . So I 'm always looking for a better case . First , I tried a messenger bag . Result ? Sore shoulders and a sore back . Then I tried a wheeled bag . Result ? Lots of inconvenience when I was n't actually in the airport . Then I tried a backpack . Result ? Less inconvenience , but still the sore shoulders and back after spending a couple hours wandering the airport after check in or during a layover.Now - I 've got this beauty!When I want the backpack , I have it . When I 'm tooling around the airport and wheels make sense , I have them.And there are many , many pockets . Including one on the upper left that 's just perfect for tossing coins , the cell phone , etc. inside just before going through security . There 's even more than enough room for two Eagle Creek packing cubes - one for the laptop accessories , another for at least a days worth of clothes.The material seems durable , though the zippers may be a bit flimsy . And the watertight bottom is a definite bonus.I strongly recommend this one , though I had multiple problems purchasing it via the marketplace companies . You may save some money , but I 'd recommend going straight to Pacific Design -LRB- you 'll find them on the web -RRB- . They 're a great company to work with , and if you do experience delays will honor the lifetime guarantee promptly .
 Though perhaps not the very best product . I have found a few loose seams , but overall it is a nice quality . It is large and has plenty of nice pouches .
 ordering from here delivers it timely to you , partially assembled -LRB- remaining assembly takes approx 20 minutes -RRB- built exceptionally well , great features , and tons of space with dual 42U racks.only gripe I have which is really nitt pickey . this thing has next to no built-in cable management.other than that , its maneuverable , pretty and built like a bloody tank !
 the product arrived on timein a big huge package.The setup ended up being such an easy process.a beautiful rack and awesome quality made.a very solid piece of equipment with all the perfect accessfrom the back you have a very nice open door.on each side you have a 4 section removable cover but can be locked with keysand the front door is the perfect and impressive air flow door.inside the rack you have all the necessary mooting bracket and they are all movable to suit your needsand equipment.i really enjoyed setting it up .
 product is as good as I expected . My IT guys loves this easy to work with cabinet . Unit also looks very professional .
 This is a shockingly comprehensive collection of cigarette advertising back when cigarettes were not considered taboo like they are today.I expected to get a few different types of ads , but it literally took me several days to get through the tons of stuff that is on the two disks.You can tell that cigarette manufactuers were willing to do anything to get people to use their products - by convining people it would make them beautiful , live longer , be healthier , get the perfect girl , etc. . . Of course , I 'm not trying to promote smoking , but from a historical perspective this is cool and you get a lot of stuff .
 In an era where tobacco advertising of almost any type is quickly becoming limited or banned , this CD is bound to be controversial.In my mind , however , it 's also historic , educational and important.This product documents exactly how the tobacco companies used any and all psychological tactics at their disposal -LRB- and a lot of pretty girls -RRB- to get people to start and keep smoking.What 's really amazing is how tame modern cig ads seem when compared to the older ones . Some even imply that smoking cigs will make you more healthy!Anyway , this CD was very interesting and I highly reccomend it .
 There are times when you may still need DOS . This is a great version filled with utilities . It works with Windows too .
 This program has been more then useful for me as a board member of my church . I do all indentations and cards in this piece of software . Not only do I love it but the recipients of the publications do as well !
 I already had this product since 2003 and love it , but I was hoping this was a newer version and would have updated graphics . It is exactly the same as the one I already have . I had been having some trouble with the old one , so I am still happy to have this . It is a great program . I use it for a lot of things , not just cards .
 I had loaned my first Art Explosion Christian Greeting Card Factory and my computer crashed and I could n't remember who I loaned it to . I was so upset because I LOVE it ... I thought I would just see if Amazon.com had it and they did!I ordered it and now I am a happy camper and am NOT going to lend this one out !
 This is a GREAT PRODUCT !!!!! I was a Church Secretary for 2 years & it helped so much with keeping up with Birthdays , Anniversary , Church Bullitans , Meetings , etc. . . I am no longer a Secretary , having changed Churches , but still have it on my computer & use it for family & friends . There is something for everyone . Endless possibilities . A Must Have !!!!!
 The produsct that I ordered and recieved is GREAT and I use it almost every day , was easy to install and I 've had it before so I knew what I was getting before it came.BUT , I have sent in for my $ 10.00 `` REBATE '' the 25th of August and I 'm still waiting . Does the company that makes the CD do this as an invite to buy and then `` FORGETS '' us ... I sent in my `` Registration Card , a receipt , UPC , AND Sticker for said $ 10.00 rebate , immediately !!!!! There should be no question as to my opinion is now ... I am STILL waiting ... jn
 I have not used it a lot yet , but hope it has lots of scripture and I will be makining cards for Thanksgiving and Christmas
 I was so happy with Art Explosion Greeting Card Factory Deluxe that I jumped to buy this one and was quite thrilled with all the new cards available . -LRB- Just ordered the new # 2 too ! -RRB- Like the other , this can be fully installed so you do n't need to hunt the CD every time you want to make a card . Easy to change card sizes too . More variety of ready-mades than most of the competition -LRB- I own them too -RRB- . I highly recommend Nova 's products and their online support has been right there and very helpful .
 This product has all the same goodies as the others of this type , great clipart and fairly easy to use work areas . The one outstanding feature with this software is it can be completely loaded onto the computer . You do n't even have to use the CD to run it ! That alone made it worth the buy .
 There is no way that this 95-98-ME software can be run using XP platform.I feel very deprived for it was my favorite greeting card factory program .
 The cards were very beautiful . I really liked the fine art.I also liked the ease in which it takes to make a beautiful card .
 The Art Explosing Christian Greeting Card Factory is easy to use and has plenty of greeting cards to choose from . For my ministry , I am really glad I bought this product . My teachers and volunteers love to recieve the cards I create for them !
 I bought this a few years ago to replace the hallmark christian card program which somehow I had lost . I thought for the price it was worth seeing if it was any good and found to my surprise that I found it was easier to use and more adaptable than what I had before for a lower cost . I often import personal pictures to fully personalize the cards and so become very one of a kind . if you dont want the bible verses etc it is easy to change/add/eliminate what ever you want.must say that i have at least 3 other programs that are totally useless in comparison and I dont use anything else now.great product and would recommend to anyone
 The more I use this product , the more I find I can do with it - it 's more friendly than the new products ! I use this for ministry work - I use it most everyday - I only use photoshop products for the clipart ; I copy it from there and move it to Christian Greeting Card Factory ! I 've made thousands of prayer cards and would n't change from this product ever !
 I like this product and it 's easy to use . There are many choices of cards and other projects , but no clearly defined envelop template .
 I am very pleased with my Christian program I make tons of cardsand use it at least twice a week . Was a little hard to use at firstdifferent from my other programs , but I am catching on and enjoy using it very much . Also appreciate the way it was shipped and did n't take long at all to get it.Thanks againGlenda Smoot
 Ulead 's Gif Animator -LRB- any version -RRB- is hands down the best gif animation program available . The clarity and smooth motion I get with this program is second to none . It 's straightforward and easy to learn . It 's got features for beginners but can be as complex as you wish it to be . Chocked full of features , you 'll not find any other gif animation program that compares . Then again , all the Ulead products I 've tried are excellent so I was n't too surprised . No , I do n't work for them or get kickbacks . LOL ... just an avid Ulead fan who loves the compliments I get on the graphics I 've created using their products . And the price is right too ! Beats the pants of Xara products any day .
 i 've use this program to also extract frams and edit them with photo impact then put them back into video format . It the best extractor i 've found so far but it does crash on anymore then 300 frames being extracted . the main reason is as stated by the reviewer before me to crisp up chroma key back grounds . long and boring but well worth doing frame by frame
 Very intuitive product . I got what I needed to get donequickly . Minimal learning curve , very enjoyable to use .
 I got GIF Animator 5 as an upgrade to version 4 . Wow , what an improvement , Ulead ! I love the fact that you can animate objects within the program and not have to toggle back and forth with my image editor . Plus , the way it links with my image editor is awesome . Thanks , Ulead , for adding true color palettes so I can get my files down to very managable sizes . I am going to put aside Image Ready for now and have a hey day with this one .
 I am not a pro at all . I just wanted to play around a build my own animated emoticons/smileys . This product is good , but if you want transition and filering effects -LRB- i.e. effects on your animations , instead of just a looping sequence of pictures -RRB- you have to buy an Add-in software called `` F/X for GIF Animator '' by the same firm Unlead .
 I got GIF Animator 5 as an upgrade to version 4 . Wow , what an improvement , Ulead ! I love the fact that you can animate objects within the program and not have to toggle back and forth with my image editor . Plus , the way it links with my image editor is awesome . Thanks , Ulead , for adding true color palettes so I can get my files down to very managable sizes . I am going to put aside Image Ready for now and have a hey day with this one .
 I ca n't believe the prices being asked for a DISCONTINUED program ! Ulead does n't even own it anymore . It was sold to Corel who promptly discontinued it . It came FREE for many years with PhotoImpact . Corel still has it available but I think it 's like $ 29.99 or in that price range and it 's the same program . Whoever is selling it at these inflated prices are ripping people off.While I think it is one of the best animation programs around , why would anyone buy a product that 's no longer being sold by the company and that will never be upgraded and may not even run on the next version of Windows ? There is NO support for this program . It just irritates me to see people being taken advantage of .
 I used Ulead GIF Animator in an unusual way.I shot live footage on my Cannon GL1 and then downloaded it into GIF animator for frame-by-frame editing where I could do about 300 frames at a time -LRB- 10 seconds -RRB- . In the editing , I could remove things I did n't want to look at , or block out a spot that will `` chroma key '' in another image later . Then , I 'd take the AVI output format , put it into a video editor , and put it back with the superimposed images and sound . Not classic . Not cool , but doable with a $ 50 software package .
 This program is outstanding ! I 've been using it since I was probably 11 ... so you know it 's pretty easy to use . It 's easy but it has a great outcome ... I make AIM buddy icons with it and they are really awesome . My friends BEG me to make them icons ... all thanks to GIF Animator ! Buy it now !
 Do n't get me wrong ... I LOVE GIF Animator 5 . But , really , $ 149.00 ? Do a web search for it , you can download it for free . And I would not trade my GIF Animator for another . Absolutely love it .
 Turbotax has always been in my corner . I will never use another program to prep taxes . I have tried others HR Block , Jackson Hewitt , Tax Act but none of them provide you with everything right at your finger tips .
 I 'm a successful software developer and have been developing software for 30 years . We 've always considered Delphi -LRB- & its ancestors -RRB- our `` secret weapon '' against our competition . This is because it 's such a well designed tool that you 'll be far more productive than anyone not using it.It 's easy to learn but does n't sacrifice power in the name of simplicity.You ca n't go wrong with Borland products !
 If you are interested in programming , I 'll put it in a sentence or two ... Delphi is the way to go ! It 's easy , fun , powerful and it does n't require any annoying runtime files -LRB- which is good if you want to make software with a small file size -RRB- !
 This is a great educational game that shows what the Earth looked like during the different time periods when dinosaurs roamed.It has accurate descriptions of the land and plants and the dinosaurs are fairly `` realistic '' . Remember , this is from 1993ish and the graphics and sound are from that time.The only issues are that it is OLD , needs 256 COLOR , and tends to freeze on some newer computers.The new Mac 's wo n't run it , and some of my older PC 's running windows XP had issues even when running in compatibility mode.Even with these few issues , it is a great game and the kids seem to like the challenge of finding all the dinosaurs .
 If you are currently running Delphi 4 or earlier I highly recomend this upgrade . Delphi 5 users will find this version upgrade useful but not mandatory . Support for XML and SOAP and the latest computing standards.If you want to target Linux and future cross platform environments -LRB- other unix flovors , solars and BSD via OSX -RRB- this will be a required upgrade since the clix components -LRB- Qt -RRB- will be in Delphi 6 and later versions , DB Express will be your database connection layer for cross platform development.Variant support on Linux yea!This is the best Delphi yet .
 For years and years I have used Passport 's Encore package for creating and documenting music but after moving to Window XP , I could not get Encore 's Text Editors to work and had to find another package.At first I did n't care for the product because it was different . After a month of using the Music Write , I got use to using it and realized it was not bad.The main drawback was only two lyric lines that I found annoying but I hit Voyetra Web-site and discovered another version `` Maestro '' that allowed up to four lyric lines plus a lot more options -LRB- and the music I had entered in the Songwriter Edition was compatible with the Maestro version . -RRB- Another small feature of the Maestro version is the comment editor , which I use to document aspects of music I create -LRB- e.g. , what inspired me to create that particular of music . -RRB- Features of the product : ------------------------------ Create musical scores on you PC-Preview you score before you print-Use the symbol palette to enter notes , rests , clefs , chords , and many more-Supports all the common musical symbols -LRB- i.e. , ties , triplets , and many more -RRB- - Notate for all instruments-Hear you music played by MIDI instruments-Add chord names and guitar symbols-Print your score to include your name , song title , copyright information and pick the fonts for each-Output sheet music to a graphic file -LRB- e.g. , BMP , JPEG -RRB- , which can then be imported in MS Word or any other product that imports these types of graphic filesCut , copy and paste music into you score just like a word processorSystem Requirements : ---------------------------- Pentium 233MHz processor with MMX or better -LRB- Celeron 400 for Windows 2000/XP -RRB- -32 MB system RAM - 64MB recommended-36MB hard disk space-Windows 98/Me/2000 / XP-Quad speed or higher CD-ROM-800x600 high color -LRB- 16 bit -RRB- video display-GM compatible 16 bit MIDI capable soundcard-MIDI keyboard -LRB- optional -RRB- - Printer-Service Pack 1 or higher for Windows 2000 Professional
 Music write software was a very satisfactory program and fitted my needs very nicely . My students loved the program and constantly ask me to write them music .
 i neeed to get this so i can make some beats on my computer
 Enjoy ALL the worlds : easier then VB , Powerful as C++ , SUPER fun , REAL compiler -LRB- unlike VB ... -RRB- , FULL support for the Internet , FULL support for Data Bases , VERY enhanced and costumable User Interface , VERY FAST compiling time , TONS of FREE components -LRB- use VB 's OCX 's and Delphi 's VCL 's -RRB- , In short
 I 've tried this product and loved it . I 'm an intermidiate programmer who started out with Visual Basis . After a year or so and a few games , I wanted to move on to something more powerful , but just as easy . After trying out a few products , I found Delphi . This program is perfect , it has the style of Visual Basic , but the power and portability of C++ . This will be the language of the future . Delphi 6 is well worth the money .
 This is a good tool for developing Applications.I enjoy with it and try to know more things about using it .
 If you are currently running Delphi 4 or earlier I highly recomend this upgrade . Delphi 5 users will find this version upgrade useful but not mandatory . Support for XML and SOAP and the latest computing standards.If you want to target Linux and future cross platform environments -LRB- other unix flovors , solars and BSD via OSX -RRB- this will be a required upgrade since the clix components -LRB- Qt -RRB- will be in Delphi 6 and later versions , DB Express will be your database connection layer for cross platform development.Variant support on Linux yea!This is the best Delphi yet .
 With this release Borland has re-confirmed itself as the company with the best development tools and shows incredible innovation with this product.With Delphi you can create native Windows and Linux applications -LRB- Kylix -RRB- , it is the first development tool that lets you create XML Web Services that can be used with Microsoft . NET and even talks to Java Application Services . With Delphi you can do it all , there are no limitations , no problems unlike Visual Basic.This is the best of the best , some generations ahead of Microsoft . Visual Studio.NET will be just what Delphi is now.A winner !!
 This is by far the most excellent compiler and IDE ever ! I am never going back to VB or C++ ! It 's easy to write Dynamic Web Sites and Web Services in seconds ! Wow ! The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is the licensing with DataSnap - ... ? Yeah right !
 Let me tell you one thing , C++ is the biggest nonsense you will ever own . Virtual Basic is even worse -LRB- ... -RRB- . Delphi goes FAR more than to the next generation of programming -LRB- probable 2 or 3 -RRB- . Delphi 6 is everthing you 'll need for programming . -LRB- ... -RRB- I 'm talking about Kylix . For those who are tired of programming in Windows , just turn on your Linux OS and you 'll be able to use you Delphi projects -LRB- made in Delphi 6 -RRB- in Kylix . I 'm serious , it just happens that people like stupid things . Every where you go , everybody has Windows . However , Delphi is the # 1 tool for programming on Windows . If you have Linux , go to the Kylix page on Amazon . Oh yeah , if you are a C++ programmer , please uninstall that good-for-nothing feak development tool and buy Delphi . What you can do in Delphi with 10 rules of codes , must be done in 100 codes in C++ . And leave alone Virtual Basic .
 The Mickey Mouse exercises are engaging and provide some challenges . We have n't tried the Pooh exercises yet . Our daughter took a week to master all the exercises but still enjoys playing .
 I heard about this product -LRB- Flip Album -RRB- from a friend who used it the first day he got it . I was sold on how easy it was to use and how nice it looked . I looked at other `` album '' programs and was about to purchase another -LRB- Easy CD Platinum -RRB- but decided against it after reading so many reviews mentioning system problems . Anyway , bought Flip Album for almost 1/2 the price and am excited to get started right away . I have yet to use it on my own computer -LRB- has n't arrived yet -RRB- but my buddies works great and it was so easy to learn . He has Windows 98 and a Dell , and I 'm hoping my Millenium OS works just as well . I would recommend purchasing this if you want to send self-running photo albums to friends/relatives . I did not buy the CD Maker program that is recommended in hopes the one that was on my computer -LRB- CD Maker -RRB- will do the trick .
 this one is a keeper . not only easy to use but fun . I was able to create albums without reading the directions and send them off to family via a CD right away . Very user friendly ! It 's even a good photo editor ... although I use PhotoSuite 4 or Adobe PhotoDeluxe 2 for most of that . I love the fact that you can create stand alone CD flip albums that you can share.I am scanning & cataloging all old family photo albums and compiling albums for when the kids move away from home so they all can have a copy of the family photos ... ie as digital images.I am even considering creating saleable CDs with dig photos I have taken .
 This is a great package for companies / individuals who mass produce corporate sites . Most important , you do n't have to worry about copyright any more !
 Please be aware that this is WindowBlinds 5 . The latest version , WindowBlinds 6 , is available directly from Stardock . WindowBlinds 5 is meant for older PCs running Windows 2000 and earlier .
 I have been using this since version 7 -LRB- Procreate Painter 7 -RRB- . It does have quite a steep learning curve and it took me quite a while to get used to it . Once you learn how to get around the program is wonderful . I use it mainly to turn photographs into paintings and once I got the hang of it I have been able to create some pretty stunning stuff from a photograph . Most of the cloner brushes make the photograph painting look fake so I stay away from those and rather use the artist 's oils and acrylics . The watercolour is great when painting a sketch . You can checkout : http://www.betterphoto.com/gallery/free/gallery.asp?memberID=105385And see some of the paintings I have done from photographs .
 In response to review rated at a `` 2 '' : I am a professional graphic designer and so Painter along with so many other digital artistry programs such as the line to be found with Adobe , are a must have on my computer . And since I am the owner of my home-based business with little to no income most of the time because of the software costs ... well , purchasing upgrades is not always something I can do . My point coming to this ... you really need to evaluate your goals and desires before purchasing costly programs in the digital artistry field . I have yet to find great software that is n't expensive . And if you expect to find a fantastic manual with your software then 9 times out of 10 you 'll never see it . Corel Painter , any version really , have all been fantastic and they continue to improve but if you 're just starting out and your funds are limited or you are not a professional and you just want to play or have a side hobby then buy an older version , a used copy , or look for company specials , and save yourself some money . Painter is an awesome program and there are no two ways about it . My recommendation to you simply : If you are not a serious artist , you do it as a hobby , or maybe you are a student , then get an older version , a used copy , a company special or a student rate when you purchase your copy of painter . Next , do n't expect anything from the manual you may or may not get depending on your purchase choice . Concentrate on buying a book later on that specializes in Painter . There are some terrific books out there from student to hobbiest to professional.If you are a professional then I do n't need to tell you anything that you did n't already know . Painter is a fantastic program and coupled or grouped with other programs such as Photoshop , you can let your creativity soar.Last , do n't bad mouth a product because of your own nievity . Dont ' cry because Corel decided to create a program that was awesome and it did n't fit in with your budget ... you have choices you can make it 's just a matter of making good ones based on your needs . Do your homework and think about what your goals are . If you want to spend a lot of money but ca n't then save up for it if it 's that important to you . Believe me when I tell you ... Corel has done no wrong here .
 I loaded the software in the afternoon . By 2 in the morning , I had a floorplan I was happy with , a 3d rendering , and even was able to render a ` neighborhood ' of homes . Many , many years of computer experience behind me . I 'm also very good with Visio . But Visio wo n't render 3D and it does n't ` know ' architecture.Having said all of that , most of the quirks noted are valid . The 3D movements are hugely frustrating -LRB- THAT programmer should be strapped to the helicopter ! -RRB- . It 's wall selection , sizing , cutting is cumbersome but ultimately gets you there . And it 's object library of ` stuff ' inside a house is trivial . And the landscape trees are ugly.But I knew what I was after and 12 hours later I was pretty happy with the results . My task was a small , single level , duplex . Not a real complex task . Wanted a good blue print for further analysis and a 3D perspective . Got it . I would n't want to be a paid professional and give this output to clients , though.Glanced through the manual during lunch before the marathon . No crashs . HP/AMD 900Mhz , 512Mb , XP/ProSo , to me , it was worth the money .
 I took a chance on buying this , and now I 'm happy I did . But I think I 'm happy because of my particular needs for this program . I 'm not trying to build a house from scratch . I 'm simply trying to create a `` database '' of my new house . Once I created the house , inside and out , I now have something on which I can experiment with new interior wall configurations , furniture/bar arrangements , and landscaping.Now perhaps there are other programs -LRB- I have tried Broderbund , but was unsatisfied -RRB- that give you a better user interface . But Punch ! gives you one thing that I found extremely useful , and is worth the money in and of itself . It 's extremely well-thought-out object-oriented design allows you to -LRB- as the ad says -RRB- design your own furniture . This is an understatement . What it does is let you build your own components , including furniture and objects such as half-walls and distinctive doors . Though not documented , you can even create your own textures such as wood grains and sidings -LRB- not through the program itself , but via bitmap images you create with other software -RRB- . The most useful thing for me is the ability to create my vast collection of woodworking tools , so that I can arrange them in my shop , and via its fly-through capability , walk thru the passages among the tools to see if there 's enough clearance to do all the things I have to do in there.It has several bugs -LRB- that 's why I do n't give it a 5 -RRB- , but it is very stable -LRB- at least on my Windows 2000 -RRB- . The bugs are minor , and you quickly learn how to avoid them . All-in-all this is one of the best pieces of software I have ever bought . The only thing I caution is that you decide on what your needs are . Do n't buy this expecting to build your own house -LRB- I ca n't imagine any piece of software under $ 1000 you should trust for those purposes -RRB- . But for home renovation and interior design , this is the best you can do .
 I have been working with Punch Pro now for over a year and as with any program , flaws exist . For 10 years or more I have worked with Expert Homes , 3D Home Architect , Total 3D , and others and until I found Punch ! I had been unsuccessful in completing a home design from scratch . Finally , I created my home . I started out with Punch ! 5 in 1 , built my home , and have upgraded ever since , to Punch ! Super , and then to Punch ! Pro.The 3D rendering in Punch is the most realistic , non-cartoonish , and fastest renderings out of all the programs I 've tried . In addition to it 's excellent rendering qualities , it has offered me by far the most useable tools for creativity related to flooring , roofing , wall styles , doors and windows , decks , landscaping , furniture , and the like . I 'm able to move walls , split walls , build up , build down , and create any type of roof I so desire . The Esitmator calculates essential lumber and main inserts for the home design , and allows for additional inputs of criteria necessary for actual building and creating floor plans . What I especially enjoy the most is the furniture workshop where I can easily alter or create , design , and decorate my furniture to an exact fit suitable to my own needs.Learning the program , as with any other , requires patience and persistance and in the end the results are worth waiting for . I would encourage those who have not yet tried it to thoroughly learn of it 's capabilities , go to the support websites to learn of enticing and exciting new ideas for creativity and work-arounds , and be patient and persistant before giving up on the Punch Program . No program is without flaws ! I plan to continue with Punch and in addition try others for comparison . I have not yet found anything better and more cost effective than Punch !
 After reading several of the reviews of this product , I had to wonder if they received the same product that I did . I have had none of the claimed problems that are mentioned . Walls stop when you want them to -LRB- read the instructions -RRB- and I created the home I am moving into with a few hours of paying attention to detail and trial and error with the features . I recreated a home that already exists from the dimensions taken from the home . I was amazed at how easy it is to work this program . I have tried to use CAD programs in the past and this is a piece of cake compared to them . I like it so much I am upgrading to the Platinum version for more features . The only reason I gave it 4 stars vs 5 is because I am upgrading.I have not used the Broderbund program but I do n't think anyone with a little computer skill will be disappointed.Buy it ... you 'll like it .
 I like many have run though the halls of Amazon reading reviews on software . First I bought Siera Home Arch and that software was neat but it was very slow , required too much memory and had countless quirks -LRB- I am being kind -RRB- that wasted so much of my time trying to work around . But alas , it did not have what I needed which was split level designs . So I went back to the market and got Punch Professional and let me tell you , it is great . It works differently than Siera , but it does 1000 times more stuff with almost no quirks . I can really design anything in it with the quality of a professional . I think these is the best I have seen and would highly recommend it .
 I use 3-d CAD software in work so I have had some experience in this type of software . I have used a older version of the 3-d broderbund software and found it somewhat intuitive but the graphics were disappointing . I was ready to get a newer version figuring the graphics would be better when I came across this software.We are modifying an older home and I was looking to get a feel for the flow of the house before we moved some walls and get a visual feel for what the rooms are going to look like . This software did the trick . I hav n't opened the book and have most of the floorplan done with modifications we were looking for -LRB- 9 room house 2200 SF = 5 hours , no training , all windows , doors , furniture etc. hav n't done the roof nor kitchen yet -RRB- . The elevation scale was a bit difficult to understand and the auto-wall dimensioning had a lot to be desired . Although the graphics are good in detail they are very slow in rendering.I agree there are shortcommings to this program and if I designed houses for a living or was designing from scratch , this might not be the tool to use -LRB- I only have experience with one other program so I am NOT an expert -RRB- . From a relative ease of use and a method for visualizing room size , house flow , lighting etc , it works great . I am looking forward to finishing the rest of the house.I am running Win98 2nd edition on a P3 500 256 MBram 32Meg diamond video card and have not had any system preformance nor graphics rendering problems.Like any other review , use it with a grain of salt . I needed Ideas without a $ 5000 price tag . Structural support of your design must be considered with any interior changes .
 This is A great game altogether !!!! It is so fun , just like live fish ! This game is surely # 1 !!!!!
 When my wife and I moved into our freshly constructed house about three years ago , we had little more than fenced in dirt in our backyard . The first year we did the basics such as , mowed down the weeds , and hired a contractor to put some grass in along with sprinklers and a border of rock . The second year , we just enjoyed what we had , and worked on growing it a little . This year , determined to make more progress , we began mapping out our backyard and putting it to graph paper.The graph paper gave us a scale idea of how things would lay out . For example , if we put a deck in , would the existing spriklers sufficiently cover the remaining grass ? And what of that deck , should it stop half way across the house ? Where should the openings to the deck be , and how high should it be ? Should there be shrubs , flowers or other greenery around it ? And what of the rock along fence , and putting shrubs there ? While it looked good on graph paper , we just could n't SEE it . So we started looking for software.Needless to say , the reviews on the various available softwares are pretty horrible to say the least . And visiting the few web sites of the vendors offers nothing more . But , completely by chance , while surfing the newsgroups on this topic I ran across Punch.Punch Ultimate Deck and Landscape allowed my wife and I to sit down in front of our computer , easily install the software , and within a couple hours including walking through the tutorials in the manual , we had a picture perfect view of what we wanted our backyard to look like . Seeing the deck come together in front of our eyes was fantastic . And with a few clicks on the mouse we were able to see various configurations , sizes , and material textures.Then there was the leftover space , and how to fill it . While the software has a pretty good variety of shrubs and flowers to fill in your open space with , and several ways to see how it would grow to fill out , the tools provided to designate fill areas -LRB- such as mulch to put your trees in -RRB- are extremely weak and frustrating . With a little practice you can get pretty close , but it should be much easier.We were also displeased with features we found on some objects we placed , but not on others . For example , we could specify that the deck needed to be 6 '' off the ground on one level and 1 ' off the ground on the second , but there was no way to put the sliding glass door opens onto the deck at 6 '' off the ground as well -LRB- which is how most houses are built -RRB- . So instead we needed to pretend by setting the deck 's first level to 1 '' off the ground and the second level to 7 '' off the ground . And in the end this gave us a very solid representation , it would have been nice to know that it was physically accurate.Note that if you 're looking for a piece of engineering software that will allow you to exactly represent the architecture of your house and deck , than this is not what you want . But if you have a blank slate to work with -LRB- or a nearly blank slate -RRB- and are looking for direction , than this is exactly what you want . It wo n't give you accurate costs of materials , sizes of materials , etc. , but it will provide you with a view of the future backyard you 'll be hosting BBQ 's in.This software may also present problems for those already having a substantial portion of their backyard complete . I would say that this software works really well for the homeowner whose house is freshly constructed , but nothing too much more advanced . And if you do decide to get this software , I suggest that you measure out your backyard and put it to scale on graph paper first . This will save you countless hours running back and forth between your computer and your backyard . As an additional recommendation , you can put some velum over the graph paper and put in the various additions you are thinking of . Once you have it all together , this software makes for a great way to see it come togther , and to fill out what will most certainly be your backyard heaven .
 I worked with it without reading any directions , so for this I give it a thumbs up . I do however wish I could have drawn a little more accurate with it -LRB- I am an autocad design/drafter -RRB- so if it would have been more autocad friendly that would have been nice . The only thing else I wish I could have done with the program , that I was unable to do , was design a screened in porch . The system allowed me to design a deck and an all weather room , but I could not get the look of a screened area . Overall I felt it was easy to use , teach and quick to design/redesign . The files take up very little space . I give it 4 out of 5 stars but have no other deck design program to compare it to , it is the only one I have ever tried .
 My boyfriend wanted to try several Video Professors to increase his computer usage knowledge . We tried going through Video Professor itself and had all the issues listed in the other reviews here.I finally ordered the program here on Amazon to avoid dealing with the video professor direct issues and we received the Starter Pack a few weeks ago . He really likes the programs . For someone who wants to learn what windows , outlook , word , and the internet can really do this is a very good systematic approach to teaching those programs . Issues with Video Professor aside the teaching approach in the cds are very thorough and easy to navigate through . You can easily rewind through the lessons and redo sections if you want.In this `` Starter Pack '' you get the first cd of each of the programs -LRB- they are all available as separate 3cd lesson plans -RRB- . In summary , the programs work very well for people who want to learn these programs . Ordering it through Amazon gets you a good price without having to deal with monthly offers from Video Professor .
 If you are like me and need visuals to help explain things then you will find this helpful . I have since bought two more
 Before I bought this , I did tons of research online . Unlike other video professor products , this one DOESNT enroll you in a subscription.The videos were very informative for my parents who are learning to use computer . I would very strongly recommend this product .
 I ordered from Video professor and had no problems with charges or returns . Problem is most of the complaints are those that DO NOT read the fine print . It states you MUST CALL within 10 days or you WILL be charged FULL price for the lessons . I paid my 6.95 and that was all , I told them on the phone I did NOT want to be enrolled in any monthy program and I called the day the videos arrived and said I was sending one back and keeping the other 2 , they charged what the FINE print said , 6.95 , that was over 2 years ago .
 Probably as most of you know there are two major browsers which are Netscape and Internet Explorer . I have both and and like both but they are quite different Netscape supports the basics and more . While Explorer does support support quite a bit but mainly DHTML . It also has an E-Mail account and AOL 's Instant Messenger 3.0 and a Word Processor . It 's all fairly simple to understand the browser whithout having a great deal internet knowledge and I believe that Netscape is one of the best if not the best .
 I bought this 3 user pack to upgrade the AV software on my 3 computers at home , 2 desktops and 1 laptop -LRB- all Windows XP -RRB- . I found that if I uninstalled the previous version and then installed this version fresh it worked well . In fact my PC ran better than it had with NAV2004.I have no problems with this version and like I said it was better for me than my older version that expired.The 3 pack id the way to go , if you figure out the cost per license it is rather cost effective .
 I like the product . But Norton Antivirus , Symantec did not except my rebate offer and indicated my original receipt which was an Amazon receipt was not valid . I will not purchase from Symantec again .
 I do n't understand the amount of negative feedbacks out there , but it seems there are a lot of Symantec/Norton bashers , yet Symantec products -LRB- at least virus protection ones -RRB- continue to be the best sellers among retailers , computer manufacturers , and large companies . I have been using computers since 1996 , by all means a novice , and started out initially with McAfee upon everyone 's recommendations . It always seemed to require too much user input , and not knowing much comupter anti virus lingo , I kept having all sorts of problems -LRB- Freezing , pop-ups for McAfee sale pitches , errors , excessive prompts for specific actions , and YES viruses , with very poor customer service -RRB- . When I bought my second computer -LRB- IBM -RRB- in early 2000 , it came with Norton pre-installed , and what a difference ! I never had to do anything to the software . It just worked in the background , and never had a problem . I have been a Norton/Symantec fan since . Every year , I purchase and upgrade to the new software , simply because it is free after rebates , instead of paying to renew my subscription . I tried one year the NIS , and it did slow my computer , so I went back to the NAV . We have 3 desktop and 3 laptop computers , running W98 , ME and XP . Never had a problem with viruses , and all computers have Norton running just smoothly in the background . Never had any problems with installation , and the current 3 users pack was even easier , because it automatically uninstalled the prior versions -LRB- Norton Professional 2003 and 2004 -RRB- . It updates itself automatically , and simply works -LRB- you just do n't even know it is working -RRB- . Not one single computer had a virus in over 5 years . I still have my IBM Aptiva , W98 , 550MHZ Athlon , and an older 450MHZ Celeron Toshiba W98 . I will admit I was somewhat hesitant about the 2005 product , due to the numerous negative reviews , and several recommendations to just stick with the 2003 and 2004 Professional editions and pay the renewal fees . I decided to be cheap and buy the 3-pack -LRB- free after rebates -RRB- , and I have absolutely no regrets . The rebates are real and I have always received them , usually in less than 30 days . Just read and follow the few pages in the installation section of the manual . Needless to say , I will continue the habit in 2006 .
 I 'm very happy with the ease of installation and use of this product . The automatic updates allows me the peace of mind that my machines are safe with current upgraded protection . With Norton 's reputation and continued high performance in computer protection , I feel I received a product of the utmost quality . I strongly recommend it .
 This is one of the few anti virus that actually seems to work . Used McCaffee and Norton Internet Security and took them off my systems . This one functions without a hitch and seems to catch everything .
 I 've recently been reading a ton of complaints around the web about the Symantec Norton Antivirus and Internet Security Suite of software . The following little review has been written in response to those complaints : One of the biggest complaints that I read about Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security is the cost . For me , however , the annual upgrade on Norton Products always ends up free -- at least it has since the turn of the millenium . Inevitably if you wait long enough their rebates come out that make the upgrade to the new product absolutely cost free . This holds true even with their full suite which may retail at $ 70 , but I 've managed to get 5 copies for various computers I manage at a final cost to me of $ 0 . Actually , with Amazon.com because I get a discount because of the A9 search engine , I think I 've managed to earn a couple of bucks by installing Norton Internet Security . Next year , I 'll use the rebates to do the same.With Internet Security , the concerns of many people who are against Norton and Symantec -LRB- especially firewall -RRB- with the exception of the resource hog issue -LRB- Symantec really needs to address this issue -RRB- are handled.Symantec needs to fix their technical service side of things by offering free help of at least some sort . They need to tone down the issues of resource hogging . But as long as they offer me free upgrades every year and consistently maintain virus-free computers -LRB- 6 years virus free on all on the computers I 've managed
 I upgraded from McAfee 2004 professional verson -LRB- 2 user -RRB- to this Nortons -LRB- 3 user -RRB- 2005 edition and had no problems with installation , I had to enter the product key which is located on the cd envelope -LRB- which you want to make sure you hang on to -RRB- . Nortons seems to perform a full scan alot faster then McAfee . When I first loaded Nortons I had to download several updates and then reboot my computer . Overall I 'm just as happy with this as I was McAfee , I think i prefer McAfee 's interface better but perhaps I just need to get used to the looks of Norton :-RRB- From what I read in the recent reviews of magazines , Nortons gets a slight edge over McAfee . They both seemed to work quite well for me though . I would think that both would perform better on newer systems , mine is a couple years old and works fine on it but I would think it might boggle a system down if it was too old and outdated .
 If you are an artist who works with `` wet media '' -- oils , watercolor , magic markers , pen and ink or if you are a digital artist who creates only with pixels of light on a computer , you should seriously look at Painter IX . This is without a doubt , digital art software at its very best.I 've used a form of Painter since its very first version , which was called Sketcher . This was back before 1990 , I am pretty sure , and Sketcher , which was a Fractal Designs product , came in a snazzy cigar box -LRB- because many sketch artists keep their charcoals in this handy container . -RRB- The software did grey-scale renderings of drawings into charcoal , pencil or ink and it could be used to sketch on graphics tablets.After Sketcher came Painter , which was sold amusingly in a paint can and did color rendering of oil , watercolor , pencil and inks . Eventually , Painter was sold to Corel , who had the expertise in graphics design software to take Painter to a whole new level . While previous versions of Painter had some idiosyncrasies , Painter IX has been revised to match current graphics capabilities of computers , and has been debugged to the point that it is a pure pleasure to use . As a result , professional designers of everything from brochures to fast cars use Painter instead of real media or in conjunction with art media to create some stunning digital creations . In addition , wet media artists now routinely use digital art software to visualize , compose and test designs before doing them by hand . I do this myself ; I take photos or sketches and try out palettes to see how a certain color scheme works . Or I cut and paste elements of a composition to visualize the painting before I sketch it on paper . My own medium is watercolor , and I find it a lot more comforting to have a plan of attack before I hit that scary white -LRB- and pricey -RRB- piece of watercolor paper . Visualizing my composition on the PC screen is a very useful tool.If you had tried Painter before and were less than thrilled , you should take a look again . If you have never used a digital arts package and want to be serious about digital art , I ca n't think of another product I 'd recommend.So , let 's get a detailed look into Painter IX and see what it does : Art Media :1 . Literally 100 's of brushes that can be modified in size and quality -LRB- hairness , spray direction , stroke depth , and `` taught '' your personal stroke on the graphics tablet . -RRB- You can create brushes , and even make `` image hoses '' -- a way to spray a graphic and paint with say , berries , leaves , architectural elements . You can make your own image nozzle out of any graphic element and even have it shaded with a drop shadow . The image hose is a lot of fun -- scrapbookers can find a lot of uses for it as it 's rather like a digital rubber stamp .2 . 30 plus media , like oil , impasto , charcoal , crayon , ink , gouache , watercolor , airbrush , oil and chalk pastel , pencil , photo filters , and even woodcut and sumi-e . They are realistic to the point where you can smear the oil around -- the only thing is you do n't smell the turpentine . The texture of canvas or paper comes through under the media according to the amount you choose , and you can light the finished work to highlight texture and shine .3 . Textured papers like canvas and watercolor . You can input your own textures to make a customized paper . There are pattern fills like cloth and pebbles , and you can make patterns to use as background fill . Any image can be captured to make a texture or pattern .4 . Wet media -- like ink , wet oils , watercolor . A wet layer allows you to push the paint around as if the surface were wet . It can be `` dried . `` 5 . A mixing palette to mix paints as one would on a real palette .6 . Cloning -- copying a picture and then rendering it as if you had a tracing paper over top a real picture . You can grab portions of the picture with your tablet stylus and brush them into oils , watercolors , chalk . You can auto-clone and create a sketch from a photo .7 . Photo filters
 Painter occupies a very particular niche in the world of digital imaging software . Though the latest versions of Photoshop sport an excellent brush tool and ample brush controls , there is nothing to match the power and possibilities of Painter 's brush creator . And Painter is truly unique in its emulation of natural media , ranging from thick impasto strokes to naturally drying watercolor , and oil paints that stay wet as long as you please . There is a mixer palette which works exactly like an actual one
 I have been using Painter on Windows XP for just over seven years now , and this latest version is absolutely wonderful to work with ! I paint primarily with watercolor and could not really get Painter 7 or 8 to behave properly , but Painter IX has changed all of that for me ! I can finally get my brushes to work like they did in Painter 6 , only they are much faster now and I can use them on layers ! Thank you Corel !!! You have restored my faith !
 I 've primarily been using Painter 6 because I did n't like versions 7 & 8 -LRB- slow & watercolor was n't working right & custom palettes were missing -RRB- . Once again , I reluctantly gave the latest version a test spin only this time I was very surprised ! The brushes are easily double the speed . I especially noticed it with the watercolor brushes -LRB- my primary brushes -RRB- . Do n't take my word for it though ! Download the trial version and check out the difference between 8 and 9 on your computer . Apart from that , there are cool new oil brushes called artist oils . Another huge improvement was the quick clone feature . This one alone saves me 5 or 6 steps!anyhoo , Painter keeps its position as the best painting tool by far ! Thanks Corel - it 's about time !!!
 Hello Richard and Tabbycat , My name is Rick Champagne and I am the Program Manager for Corel Painter . After reading your posts , I consulted with our Technical Support team to find out if customers have been having problems with Windows XP and they assured me that they were not receiving these types of calls . That being said , there are many outside factors that may have caused your difficulty , so if you are still having problems installing , I would love to get more information from you to help resolve your particular situation . If you purchased Corel Painter IX , we want to ensure that you have the best user experience possible , so please get in touch with us . I can be reached at rick DOT champagne AT corel DOT com . No spaces and replace `` DOT '' with '' . '' and `` AT '' with '' @ '' . Kindest Regards , RickP.S . I tried posting with a '' - '' rating , but it seems Amazon needs 1 to 5 stars . I gave Painter IX 5 stars based on the average rating we have been receiving from longtime expert reviewers in the media - which would have been 4.9 out of 5 , but there was no 4.9 so I picked the nearest whole number .
 Corel 's Painter 9 is all about the freedom to design how you want . I have been a Painter user for some time and I just recently upgraded to the new 9 . There is no other product that lets me use so many different artistic tools/brushes with my photos , and I take a lot , or for painting my own from scratch . Granted , when I first started using Painter , it was difficult to use or get started with because there was so much to it . But to use it and design images with it is heavenly.Now for what I 've experienced with this version so far is a definitely noticeable improvement in speed when paints are applied to canvas with certain brushes . Especially the ones I work with over and over . I also found a new control for changing the speed of my brush . That 's pretty cool ! I like the watercolor painting capabilities and this version appears to have had some good improvements as the watercolor paints blend nicely , look and act like realistic watercolors do , and I did n't believe it but the paints do stay wet between successive painting sessions . This product continues to amaze me all the time . Oil painting as well seems to be vastly improved with the interaction the paints have together . Cloning with Painter has always been one of its best features in my opinion and that too is so quick to do now.As I said , Painter has allowed me to create designs for my work that I know I could n't do with anything else , at least as easily or smoothly . I highly recommend Painter 9 . And do n't try to use Painter with a mouse , use a pen and tablet , I use the Wacom Intuos 6x8 tablet .
 I have been using Painter 6 for a long time . Never wanted to upgrade because there was never anything new that was worth the upgrade for me . Well all that has changed with this new version !!! This version of Painter is definitely the best yet!First thing you will notice is the speed improvements . But as you start using the app , and try out the new features , you will find that there are plenty of new stuff that makes this an incredible upgrade . Digital Watercolor , Quick clone , Artist ' oils , customization , brush controls , custom palettes , snap to path to name a few.Thank you Corel , it 's about time !!!
 I must confess , I have n't purchased Corel Painter IX yet ... but I definitely plan to . I have downloaded and successfully used the trial version . I have Windows XP Home Edition and I have NOT had any difficulties using the trial version . Do n't know about the real version , but I expect if I 've had no trouble with the trial I will have no trouble with the full version . Looking forward to creating some wonderful things in the future : -RRB-
 I 've been a long time Painter user and was VERY hesitant to upgrade to Corel 's latest version . But with the speed improvements and new artists oils , its a complete no brainer . Thanks for dramatically speeding up my work ! Painter ix is a must have .
 We have used the Painter software with a Wacom pad for many years . It has been a reliable and remarkably intuitive program that can be used at many levels . My wife has used it professionally in her work , and would n't be without it.Our focus has been more in the area of painterly fine art , and it is in this category that Painter has been a stellar performer for us . We used Painter V for many years , but when it would n't install on Windows XPMCE , we upgraded to this version of Painter . We have used it now for three months without any problems . We have not had any occasion to want to contact technical support , so we can not address the problems in that area mentioned by some others.Our grandson is an art major at our local university . We gave him the Wacom pad and Painter IX .5 for his birthday . He started using it immediately with his Apple laptop , and had produced some very nice work within two days . The point being , it is more user friendly than many other programs out there . Our children and grandchildren both have used it with excitement , and a feeling of accomplishment at their respective levels.In combination with the Wacom Pad , this program has done a most satisfactory job for our family . All of us recommend it highly .
 If you truly want reputable reviews , check out PC Magazine or MacAddict -LRB- among others -RRB- . Both of them gave it top marks and and `` Excellent '' and `` Awesome '' rating . Check with your other favorite publications too .
 A major improvement from just Corel Painter 9 , there are alot more features on this version than the previous painter 9 , why did n't corel make these features with painter 9 I 'll never understand , when first clicked on the software there was the introduction page including tipson what tools to use by different artist . . , plus new brushes like the smart brush etc. I could go on and on about the features that I have n't explored yet or full used but over all this a great software at a slight but resonable low price at amazon.com
 This is the one you want . Not PageMaker . Not InDesign . And whatever you do , do n't buy Publisher.Buy Quark.Sure , you 'll lay down some serious bucks . But you want to do the job right . Service bureaus will love you , printing houses will get the job done for you as you expect , and you 'll save money over the long haul.If you 've gotten to the point you are looking online , you have a good idea what your options are . I 've used Quark , PageMaker and InDesign professionally . Given the choice , I 'll take Quark.If you are a beginning designer , or expect to be doing design in your work -LRB- I work in communications , and design as a secondary task -RRB- , then this is your best choice . Look on the job postings , and see that more places expect this application more than their competition.There are some new features , and , depending what you are into , not all may be important . For me , I dig the tables and layers . I can do less work to do the same job.The tables feature is less clunky than in previous versions of Quark . You can manipulate them more efficiently and cleanly , and have tables within tables within tables.Layers are great for creating various versions of a document within the same context . Rather than create a bunch of master pages , the layers option is much handier.Also very cool is the web-design aspect . It is n't quite Dreamweaver , but it has increased its capacity to be opened in Dreamweaver . Design in Quark , then open it in Dreamweaver . This allows better control within your graphic design department , especially in smaller businesses where the web guy is not necessarily a strong designer.There is the XML export option , but I 've not explored this . It seems to open the door for better online publishing , however , and is worth figuring out , especially in light of Quark 's web design strengths.I fully recommend Quark 5.0 . Anthony Trendl
 I have both InDesign and Quark and I have to say that Quark is the most reliable and efficient of the two . InDesign is a PageMaker that aspires to be Quark . Especially great is the new Quark feature that collects the fonts as well as images . Before you could only collect the images ! No more searching around for all those fonts . Quark crashes far less than all the other programs I use combined .
 Pay no attention to the catty doom-sayers
 This is the one you want . Not PageMaker . Not InDesign . And whatever you do , do n't buy Publisher.Buy Quark.Sure , you 'll lay down some serious bucks . But you want to do the job right . Service bureaus will love you , printing houses will get the job done for you as you expect , and you 'll save money over the long haul.There are some new features , and , depending what you are into , not all may be important . For me , I dig the tables and layers . I can do less work to do the same job.The tables feature is less clunky than in previous versions of Quark . You can manipulate them more efficiently and cleanly , and have tables within tabkes within tables.Layers are great for creating various versions of a document within the same context . Rather than create a bunch of master pages , the layers option is much handier.Also very cool is the web-design aspect . It is n't quite Dreamweaver , but it has increased its capacity to be opened in Dreamweaver . Design in Quark , then open it in Dreamweaver . This allows better control within your graphic design department , especially in smaller businesses where the web guy is not necessarily a strong designer.There is the XML export option , but I 've not explored this . It seems to open the door for better online publishing , however , and is worth figuring out , especially in light of Quark 's web design strengths.I fully recommend Quark 5.0 . Anthony Trendleditor , HungarianBookstore.com
 I 've been working for a print shop for around three years now , and have been doing computer aided design work for about 7 years now and I must say that Quark is simply the best in desktop publishing software there is , well worth the extra money over PageMaker , InDesign , and the very very sad Publisher.Sure , Quark is n't quite as friendly as PageMaker , but there is a reason for that . Quark works on logic as opposed to trying to be `` friendly '' . Quark was obviously designed by people who were actually layout artists before the days of computerized design , and it shows . The layout looks exactly like what you would see on an old mock-up . Granted this means you have to know a bit about layout and design , but you get much better results , and the pre press department at the printer will love you if you use Quark correctly . PageMaker and InDesign are clunky and a bit obnoxious to deal with.Our shops usual response to someone asking what program to use it `` Find someone to design it for you in Quark '' . It 's not a tool for someone to run out and buy if they do n't know what they are doing , but it 's deffinately the tool to use for professional results .
 It took an entire year to save up enough money to buy this product . My plan was to go all the way professional , by using Quark as the defacto DTP program on my machine . After a miserable experience with PageMaker 7 , I said to myself I would stay with Publisher forever . After much reviewing and testing , I finally , pushed my self to fork out the cash . I have heard a lot of people say that Quark is difficult and is not intuitive like other lowend DTPs and I agree in some respects . It works just like most DTPs , you create text boxes and link them . One feature I thank Quark for putting in this version is the table feature , I have heard of many bad experiences with importing tables in previous versions . The product is simple and easy to use although I recommend that users doing simple desktop publishing stick with Microsoft Publisher . Reason why I decided to really purchase this product was because our Youth Publication had reached 50 pages and Publisher was giving some problems handling that amount of pages , so we thougth it was time to bring in the heavy guns . We are enjoying the programe it does what it does , its just the same as it was in Publisher . It was difficult transferring the publication from MS Publisher to Quark , I had to find an extension for that . Our publications are much the same only thing is we are able control the amount of pages.Adobe Indesign is o.k. but the print house or print press does not support it , so that 's another thing to remember choosing a DTP program .
 I 've been using this program since it first came out and was compatible with pre-press , what a great thing that was !!!! I was using PageMaker , but at the time , Quark was pre-press capable & PageMaker was NOT . Once you know it ... it is great . It is for the serious graphic designer for page layout , brochures , etc. . That is why ALL good printing companies use Quark . If you plan on going to press ... Quark has been there from the start ... PageMaker is finally catching up .
 I learned how to effectively use Quark in the first 2 weeks of my college Prepress class , and anybody in the design world knows that if you ca n't use it you 're a novice . It 's itelligent , straight forward and an essential program for any graphic designer to master . All the complaints about this program are the result of non professionals who are either unwilling or unable to learn how to use it properly . `` In Design '' - what a joke . I love Adobe products , but let 's get serious . If you ca n't use Quark , you might as well start applying for a job designing the Church Newsletter , because you ca n't get a top level design position without knowing this program . If you are studying to be a designer - trust me ... learn it , know it , love it !
 Working for a large commercial printer of books and magazines , I gasp everytime someone sends us a book in anything other than Quark . On the Mac and especially on the PC , you ca n't beat it for ease of use , design functions and `` RIPablity '' to our high end image setters . Quark 5 rocks !!
 This new version will likely have the bugs worked out of it for months to come , but so it is with every program . I recommend Quark 5 simply because it is THE standard for DTP . If you are new to page layout , do n't skimp on an Adobe product , go for this and interface easier with your service bureau . If you are not new , then you 've already made up your mind ... . .
 After trying out a couple of other recording programs and many headaches , I found the FL studio producers edition , an all-in-one complete home studio for PC 's . I 've been playing with this program all day , and I have to say it is absolutely amazing . I am completely new to computer recording , and they could n't have made it any easier for a beginner to get started recording with excellent results.I primarily bought this to record guitar parts and arrange my own music , but its so much more useful then that , the possibilities of what you can do with this program are infinite.It also comes with a built in ASIO sound-card , and the program walks you through step by step for setting up audio options . My recording interface was detected without any problems and I was recording in no time . The reference manual is very useful and there are also video tutorials included with clear instructions . Highly recommended for both beginners and experienced veterans in home computer recording .
 True to the Adaptec name , the ACS-300 runs fast and reliable . It was super simple to setup and transfers data acceptably fast over USB2 . When you 've got a ton of data you need to move , there 's an eSATA port right on back - do n't even have to remove the drive to run at 3gbps . My only complaint
 I 'm a minority when it comes to using these enclosures for their actual purposes . I fix computers for a living and often times have to do data backups for clients . These enclosures , both this one and the IDE version are life savers . Instead of having to turn off my machine and hook up the hard drive that way I can easily put it into the enclosure , turn the enclosure on and be on my way with the data transfer.This one is no slouch . I 've used this enclosure with 2.5 '' SATA drives as well as the normal 3.5 '' SATA drives . I 've had no problems whatsoever . I have n't encountered a hiccup yet . My only gripe is the width of the enclosure . Often times the hard drives I remove have screws on the sides of them so that they can easily go back into place in their respective cases -LRB- think Compaq computer hard drives -RRB- . I have to remove all screws in order for the drive to actually fit inside the enclosure so that it can actually connect to the SATA connectors . But besides that , this thing is top notch .
 I ca n't belived no one has not written a review on this product ... If you love real trains , You will LOVE This softwear company that has been in service for over three years . This is truly the world 's greatest train Simulator ... I know I have tried them all ... No body can even come close to this Train Simulator.This is not a toy , Age 8 years and up . This is for the person who wants the very best . 9 out of 10 people buy this game so they can build there own layouts , Very easy to build your very own , You may your there pre made layouts if you choose to do so . Or you can ad to there 's , There are over 20,000 free down loads from there own web site . Steam engines , Yes you get the famous Big Boy With real sounds , Sure they have B.N. Santa Fe , + + + many more local and most any cars , Day and night , Rain and snow , Add some water , That looks so real you will need to keep a cup handy because it makes you so thristy just looking at it.Tunnels , bridges , Mountains , Tons of goodies , traffic lights singnals that work , routes from all over the world , So real , They listen to your input and feedback and keep it updated and give you what you want to have , And they Fix the bugs with free service packs updates ...
 I highly recommend this for your computer.I saw it at office depot on display and it gives you 3-d video and relaxing bubble sounds.Like it says it displays dolphins , sharks , fish , and marine settings.It looks so real and the bubble sound is so relaxing.It works on windows 98,2000 and xp .
 This mic is sold as not needing a preamp . I found this to be mis-leading . Trying to record on a PC sound card using only the 9v battery and the mic input was hopeless unless you want to record something very , very loud . I ended up getting a Behringer tube preamp and now I can record using the line input with high sensivity.Other than that it works fine for my application
 I have used this microphone for recording acoustic stringed instruments and some local theater productions . I am very impressed with the tonal quality and frequency range . Well worth the cost . It is not perfect but to my sensitive ears it is very very good . My dog howls when I play back my recordings when the double stops are hit on the strings , so this obviously captures up into the high range . I like the fact that it is battery powered which eliminates any possibility of introducing hum from an external phantom power supply plus it makes it easier to use . I have been using this straight into a Sony HD Video recorder with excellent results . All the accessories are high quality and function well . Some things to consider ... no light on the mike to tell you that the power is on . Need to be careful to turn it off or you will have a run down battery . Very quiet in terms of spurious noise -LRB- hiss -RRB- but not absolutely silent . I am very picky on this aspect and this just meets my expectations . This mike is very sensitive -LRB- and has a large dynamic range -RRB- so you have to be careful in setting the recording range or you may have some clipping distortion on your recordings . I actually like the sensitive nature , in live recordings it sounds live not like some dead studio recording . I have read about using condenser mikes with a limiter or compression device to cut any possible clipping and I intend to look into that .
 Purchased used Comption 's Interactive Bible Software from Amazon.com and I am very pleased . I am a beginner at bible study and found the `` search '' feature to be very helpful . I use the `` search '' feature to see what the bible sayes about different issues .
 * Updated June 2010 * I bought this many years ago , and I am still using it today - works great on Vista and Windows 7 . I came back to buy more as gifts for our church volunteers . It is much more powerful than it appears . There are expert commentaries , topic tree , inspirational database , chapter introductions , Bible character biographies , time-lines , maps , photos , personal bookmarks & journals , reading plans , research history , dictionary , thesaurus , guided help , concordance , and Boolean search . Using my regular Bible I get tired of flipping pages to follow all the references and footnotes . With this software , while reading the scriptures , simply point and click at the footnote , or even the verse number and other windows change to display the information while keeping the passage you were reading right in front of you . The wealth of information is not readily apparent thanks in part to a simplified layout of window panes . They are contextual windows , changing with the path you are following . The window showing the books of the Bible will change to the Concordance if so selected . It is super easy to dig deep to cover a lot of material while another button brings you back through your research history to where you started . This is a great value - easy to use . If you only need NIV , and do n't care about the older looking interface , this is a * Must Have * . For users wanting to take it to the next level , I recommend BibleSoft 's PC Study Bible .
 I have used this product before and the CD broke because of traveling without a case for it.I was well satistfied with the product and the speed of service by the seller .
 Easy to read , very easy to navigate and easy to cut and copy scriptures . It has a search feature that can locate phrases and/or words ; then provides easy access to those scriptures . Do n't hesitate because of the 1996-1998 release date . This product was designed very well and is worth the list price of $ 65 - $ 85 . I purchased a used version for $ 28 . WINDOWS 7 users , you will need to install XP Mode from Microsoft , and run it from there . Zondervan has some of the best comprehensive NIV bibles in hard copy and in software . Make sure it is Compton 's and uses Zondervan text . -LRB- I saw some impostors . -RRB- The CD cover is vanilla and burgundy , with Jesus on a background of a map and scripture . Only downside might be that the advance search option does not have very good instructions and may be difficult for some people . To strip out the reference when using cut/paste , copy the text into NotePad first , then from NotePad into MS-Word . The hard copy Zondervan Student bible -LRB- not to be confused with their `` study '' bible -RRB- is very good too ! You ca n't just read the bible , you really have to study it . If you do n't understand , ask God to show you ; you 'll be awestruck when HE answers your request . Remember , to the Lord 's delight , King Solomon asked for wisdom . 1 Kings 3:5 -14 ; 4:29 .
 I have been using the Compton 's Interactive Bible for several years while doing Bible Study . It is convenient while I have my study book laid out on the desk just to type in a verse designation and the program just goes there . Since I am already at the computer , I can then go online and check another version or expansion of the verse in question . This Bible is the New International Version which seems so popular among the authors of Bible Studies and even the Sunday School Booklets that we prepare with . Within the program itself are notations , pictures , introductions to the books of the Bible , multimedia presentations and much more . I have had this inexpensive Bible for several years and have not yet explored all the various uses and ways to enjoy the Word of God . I have given it as gifts and all who receive it are amazed . You can certainly pay more for a computer Bible program , and perhaps one will have more features . This one has more then met my needs and I am sure will continue to do so in the future .
 I love this Bible on disk . My husband grabbed it for two dollars at a Salvation Army Thrift Shop . I have it at work , and love reading the Bible on my computer in my downtime . The reading plans are great , the pictures , explanations , and video presentations throughout the text thoroughly enrich the text and reading experience . I actually find it easier to read the Bible on the computer . Also in the reading plans , they expertly broke up longer sections of the Old Testament with Matthew and the Gospels . I could n't be more pleased !!
 I bought this for my eight-year-old daughter , and both of us just love playing it . I think the graphics could be better , I would particularly have preferred smoother flowing graphics , but the game itself is great fun . We 've played the game over and over , and there are always new little niches to find that we did n't find before . In this game , Jimmy gets to walk , jump , swim , fly , swing , slide , navigate a submarine and a helicopter -LRB- thanks Goddard ! -RRB- . The story line is funny , and is very much in keeping with the characters from the show . It 's a game my daughter returns to over and over .
 This game is awesome ! It takes a while for the cut scenes to load and some levels were boring but the game is just plain awesome . This game is definetly for 8-12 year olds anyone older could beat the game very easily .
 Watning , you must have a top of the line computer to play this . Our Windows 98 , hard drive , ... , video card were not able to play the intense 3D video .
 We love this game my 4 year old got it for Christmas and has already played through the whole game twice . It has lots of neat gadgets . It is fairly easy and nonfrustrating for younger children . My only concern is that it might not be challenging enough for older kids . We really like that the games are nonviolent your weapons are water balloons , hamburgers , etc. . . We plan to buy more Jimmy Neutron games in the future .
 I bought this game as part of a package that came with a Rescue Heroes game , a Tonka Truck game , and a Lego soccer game -LRB- thinking my son would especially love the Rescue Heroes game -RRB- . My 4 year old had never even heard of Jimmy Neutron . He barely plays the other games , but he absolutely loves this game . He can sit and play it for hours . I like that I can save the game at several different points so that when my son wants to go back and play a different level I just load up what I have already saved . Most of it is not too challenging for him - there are a few parts that he has needed some help . There are lots of new things to explore each time he plays the game . I also like that on most of the levels Jimmy 's dog Goddard shows you which way you need to go . My one complaint is that once the program has played the instructions there is no way to go back and review what you are supposed to be doing on that level . A few times my son did not understand the instructions and since I had n't heard them it was hard for me to figure out what he was supposed to be doing .
 Five year old son spends hours playing this . Jimmy Neutron helps him to nuture a love of science .
 I got this for my ADHD grandson who is 8 years old . He just loves it . He wants to be smart like Jimmy . This works great on my XP computer but not my windows 98 . The game is action packed with no violents . Thanks for a GREAT game .
 This game is a classic to me . The first game was great , but this one ... this one is REEAALLY great . I mean , the concept , the the places you go , it 's REALLY fun and addicting . totally recommended .
 I LOVE Jimmy Neutron vs. Jimmy Negatron SO much!Especialy The parts where Jimmy chases Jimmy Negatron !
 The coolest new gadget has to be the Submarine . Yes , in one level , you actually drive a portable submarine underwater . You can even surface and take a look around your surroundings . Cool stuff ! ... Very cool levels ...
 This game reminds me of Starcraft . The voice acting and sound is really awesome . I 've been playing it for a couple of weeks.It 's an undiscovered treasure , since it was produced by an independent game studio and has n't been advertised much in the U.S.
 This is my sons first computer game and he asks to play it all the time . I showed him how to play each game and then he stayed busy for hours ! I would reccomend this for ages four and above . I also have the Land before time preschool adventure but this one has funner games . The creative art game is really cute we laughed when we first tried it , first you pick a background scene , then you pick different characters and items which all do different things , like bubbles of water popping , Sarah jumping around in circles , birds flying and skeletons dancing , you can add as many as you want and its very entertaining . All the games are FUN learning activities .
 My son thought this was fun -LRB- and he is a ball boy -- basketball , baseball , you know the type ! -RRB- It was easy for him -LRB- and me -RRB- to use . There was action and adventure . He liked watching the videos once he `` earned '' enough points . I liked the learning aspect . He says he still likes it at age 9 , but the math has become a tad bit easy .
 I looooooooooove it I had it once but then it was lost , so Then I order this and got it !
 My 3 yr old is pretty adept at the computer and loves Maisy so I thought this would be a good one for her . It is very easy and I 'm sure others would argue it does n't have any challenging and educations games like learning letters , instead it offers several matching type activities and coloring ; about 6 games total that are very simple to navigate -LRB- toddler level -RRB- . But while it is n't a strong educational game I like that she can run it by herself and is n't calling me for help every few minutes ! Overall , a fun , simplistic game for when your three year old does n't want to think real hard .
 We have purchased lots of software for our 3 kids over the past few years , and this one -LRB- Maisy 's Playhouse -RRB- is always the favorite . Birthday is good as well.May not get much attention from Amazon or Activision , but we highly recommend both of these .
 This cd is perfect for my autistic son . He loves anything with coloring . Crayola makes a great product !
 I bought this for my sister and she says that it is pretty easy to use and that it 's definitely helping her learn Italian . For the price compared to some of the more high end language learning programs this is fantastic and you still get great results .
 Instant Immersion Italian Platinum is definitely not the best learning Italian software on the market , but now that it 's price is reduced , it is definitely a bargain especially for listening to the correct pronunciation , exercises in speaking the language and vocabulary . I wish it came with a book , but buying a book separately , and using the cds for hundreds of hours of pronunciation and vocabulary practice is particularly valuable . One does not learn Italian either by books alone or by listening alone . I have bought several books on learning Italian , and these cds are great practice to use with the books ... and far far cheaper than Rosetta Stone which relies exclusively on cds as well .
 The Program is great and is working properly thank you for a speedy delivery , and for your services .
 Easy to use program for making videos . While my favorite video creation program is Visual Communicator , this one has features that make it worth considering : It uses a 3-step process : -LRB- 1 -RRB- capture video from a camcorder -LRB- digital or analog -RRB- , TV , VCR , or web cam . -LRB- 2 -RRB- add video clips , titles , music and sound effects that are included with the package -LRB- 250 + special effects & transitions , 250 + video clips and 1,000 + sound effects and 200 + mp3 audio files come with this package -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- save your video to tape , hard drive or CD.Requirements
 This is a great software program to , get started in realisation of all the components of your computer and , the relationship of midi to it . The features are vast but , ah there is no printed manual . You have to download it from the software itself.I like being able to read the information from text and , also manipulate the screen . I would have given the software five stars except for the fact that , there is no manual included with the product bundling.If you do n't mind shuttleing back and forth on your screen , you will love this software . Otherwise , a word of caution . This may take a while to understand .
 The Computer Music Starter software is a very nice product . You can create music using your PC or by attaching a MIDI keyboard . Several tracks of different instruments and effects can be added . You can preview your creation , record it , and even print out the sheet music . For the price , this software offers some great features . My only dissapointment is the scarcity of documentation . This is a fairly complex product that could stand better manuals .
 The cable did n't work , but if you have a floppy-drive on the keyboard , it 's not necessary . I have already made a bunch of tracks . I really like this product . Its easy to use if you are thorough with music and notation . This is the best MIDI software I can find cheap . I also got jamgrid with this kit . I like the MIDI Orchestrator , but not JamGrid .
 For a little extra money , you get some very powerful software that allows you to easily write music , save to MIDI file , edit your existing MIDI 's and provides a MIDI cable to connect your music keyboard . If you have some downloaded MIDI files , you 'll get a kick out of turning on and off tracks or making your own remix . Pumping the MIDI files through an external MIDI source via the included cable -LRB- I used a Yamaha EZ-30 -RRB- produced incredible results . It even takes MIDI files and converts them to sheet music which you can print out and save ! For getting your feet wet in digital music , there 's nothing I 've found that 's better or more robust . However , if you do n't have an external MIDI source , then you wo n't get the maximum benefit from this bundle .
 This is a great software program to , get started in realisation of all the components of your computer and , the relationship of midi to it . The features are vast but , ah there is no printed manual . You have to download it from the software itself.I like being able to read the information from text and , also manipulate the screen . I would have given the software five stars except for the fact that , there is no manual included with the product bundling.If you do n't mind shuttleing back and forth on your screen , you will love this software . Otherwise , a word of caution . This may take a while to understand .
 I usePHONICS 1b - Home Editionat home and in my classroom and the children , and I , LOVE it . It is SUPER fun , engaging , and a very educational . At home , my children beg me to play it because the lessons are presented with music and games . In the classroom , I use it for whole group lessons , and then have it as a station . It is great at motivating children because they earn a star for every lesson completed . This is the best Phonics software I have found .
 I have read the negative reviews of this product , and there is a solution to the many problems . If one takes the time to read the documentation you will notice that you can allow trusted sites full access to your computer . All web sights which offer e-mail need personal cookies , and will not decrypt the data sent . As far as the memory issues
 Every computer should have this program ! User friendly and it keeps you and your computer incognito and clean . Bravo !
 Having just purchased a used piano for my daughter , I decided to attempt to learn it also . At the age of 35 , I did n't want to take beginning piano lessons so I purchased the above software , Teach Me Piano . When you consider the average cost of weekly piano lessons , this software really does pay for itself after a few lessons . I found it easy to use , however I would strongly recommend you only buy it if you have your computer relatively close to the piano in question . Laptop which you could sit on the piano would be preferable . The interactive portion of the lesson really requires a good quality microphone . You must be self-motivated to get anything out of this .
 I evaluated this software before giving it to a close friend of mine and I must admit Voyetra did a very good job at it.Learning is done at a very gradual pace . You basically can start from scratch , learning how to read and play with one hand , the go on to two . This is done in three effective steps.First , you learn the rhythm of the song or tune you want to play for the left hand . You just basically press any key with the left hand on the keyboard and master the rhythm . You do not need to play the tune . You just follow the metronome . You then switch to the right hand and redo the process again . Finally , you do it with two hands . At this stage , you do not learn the pitch , just the rhythm.Second , you learn to play the tune -LRB- or pitch -RRB- of the left hand , but without bothering with the rhythm . This is done at your own pace . You just learn the notes . You then repeat this for the right hand , then both hands.Third and last , once you have gone through the two previous steps , you now play the tune , again for the left hand only , this time following the rhythm . Then you continue on with the right . Then finally you are ready with two hands.Basically , this gives a lesson of three steps -LRB- rhythm , pitch , rhythm + pitch -RRB- , each done in three parts -LRB- left hand , right hand , both hands -RRB- . You can skip or repeat any of these steps as much as you want . You can also ask the software to do a demonstration for you of a particular step . The evaluation only takes into account your performance in the final step with both hands , and even here you can repeat the evaluation as much as you like -LRB- until you get a score of 100 % every time ; this is when you should stop bragging and go on ! -RRB- . The software can be adjusted in its tolerance with three levels of accuracy -LRB- beginners , intermediate , advance -RRB- . All this is possible ONLY if you have a keyboard connected to your computer -LRB- no , there is none included with the software -RRB- . Should you want to do it with an ordinary piano , be aware that this software does NOT use a microphone . Therefore , it is impossible for this software to evaluate your performance in this case . But it can still assist you -LRB- in a limited way -RRB- . Interlaced with the lessons are video clips of your instructor , Hugh Berberich . He is actually quite efficient and very friendly , and narrates the lesson quite well.There is even a profile manager that allows different people to learn at their own pace . -LRB- WARNING ! There is actually a small error in this feature , but please go to the technical support database at Voyetra 's website , under `` Power tips
 We have tired other programs and they have only ended up in frustration . Teach Me Piano has video clips on hand placement and starts each song out slowly . We can even print up the music to play on our media player to practice on when not on the computer . My son enjoys the applause when he get the piece right . I did find out that if I sat with him through the lessons and operated the mouse to start the practices , while he concentrated on the keyboard , he did much better with each lesson . That way he was n't switching back and forth between mouse and keyboard.We did have some problems when we first installed the program , but we received good support and fixed them .
 Considering that piano lessons were quote to me at 14 a 1/2 hour for a beginner , this is a real value . Excellent graphics and instruction . This is the best computer program on the market for learing piano , as you will see confirmed all over the web . Very good for the older beginner . By the way , if you are inept at software installation , get help , ...
 I am in my mid thirties and I had never played a musical instrument in my entire life . Two weeks after installing the software I am well on my way to playing my first complete song by devoting about 45 minutes every day to the lessons . Great software , and it does work fine on Windows XP and the MIDI interface of a Sound Blaster card .
 I read the reviews that this app does noy run on XP . I just wanted to say - This is simply untrue ! I have it running on both XP Pro and Vista Ulimate and it does so flawlessly ! Great software , I have so many piano teaching applications and this is the top second or third . . My favourite feature is to load any midi file to it and the songbook feature will take me through the all the steps of learning that piano piece . Some other apps that advertise the same feature do not work flawlessly and Voyetra program is my favourite for learning my own piano songs that are not included in any curriculum.I have to admit to the main shortcoming - small fixed window size , though in windows compatibility options for running the app you can say to run it at lower screen resolution , that helps to show the small picuture in a magnified window.Congratulations Voyetra for a great product that after quite few years is still on top of the piano teaching apps !
 We just got this and it looks promising.My daughter 's 2nd hand keyboard does n't have the MIDI port that is recommended for this , but there still seems to be a lot she can learn from it . I like the way it is set up to go at the student 's pace . It seems like a good way to see how genuine the student 's interest is .
 Before buying Teach Me Piano -LRB- TMP -RRB- I read about possible issues with installation on Windows XP . The copy I received listed XP as a compatible OS . I did not encounter any problems and it works fine.I -LRB- 20 years old -RRB- have absolutely no musical background and would like to read and play music . So far , after completing several lessons , I have made some progress.The lessons become more complex as you progress . Each exercise is broken up into two preliminary assessments -- one on the timing/duration of note and the other on accuracy of note selection . After that , you are tested on both of those simultaneously . My keyboard connects to the computer via USB and the TMP software grades your performance on both of the above criteria . I have learnt a few songs so far which I am now able without having to read the music . It 's nice to be getting somewhere.I must note , however , that I do n't think I actually read the staff while playing . So far I have not been actively taught to read music . Only the types of notes are introduced but not too much though.Right now , the finger numbers appear above each note as you play . Depending on what you are trying to learn this may be something to think about . This software teaches you to play but may not teach you how to truly read the music . It is understandable that something may not be able to teach every detail because it may make learning boring , so one may look at this as a positive . Since learning to read music is one of my goals this is why I took one star off my rating.One advantage with the software is that you look at videos that books do not have and it also grades your performances , as I mentioned . This is good so that you can actually tell whether you are playing the piece properly . I do not go take piano lessons . The exercises also come with demonstrations but I have n't really used them since the sub-exercises are very useful.I have spend several hours -- though not nearly as many as I should -- and it seems like it will take a while to complete all the lessons . To me I think it should go well in depth.Right now I am waiting for a book called `` Learn to Read Music '' by Howard Shanet to reach my local Barnes & Noble . Hopefully I will get around to writing a review for that also.If you are already using this software , does it teach you to read music in the latter lessons ? Please add on anything else worthy of noting.Although I have not used it , the `` Alfred 's Basic Adult Piano Course '' series for learning piano receives decent reviews as well and might be worth taking a look at.I hope this helps with choosing appropriate means for your learning .
 I have not found any other software this complete and easy to use . It teaches at my pace . I can review or repeat as much as I need for comprehension . The best on the market , at least right now .
 We purchased this as a gift for our son -LRB- Age 4 -RRB- . He loves curious George and he is really enjoying this computer game . It 's great to see him learn new skills while having fun and not having to be concerned with content .
 I have found this program to be an great tool for creating home designs . Using this program to create rooms is an excellent form of creative expression and also very practical when contemplating changes in your own home .
 This is a VERY good piece of software . -LRB- Wonderful if you do n't want all the `` ick '' of an aquarium but want the fish ! -RRB- With a little bit of thought and care you will have more fish on your hands than you know what to do with . It is NOT a screen saver so if that is what you want look elsewhere . If you are looking for a great A-Life sim though this is probably the best one available right now . There are plenty of websites available to help you if you 're having trouble caring for the fish . Do n't give up when it gets a bit hard . That 's what makes life interesting ! -LRB- You CAN get an unlimited number of ALL fish on this CD . Look at the aquazone fish webring for fish care tips and how to get unlimited fish from the CD . -RRB-
 I like this program a lot . The fish are pretty realistic in their actions and appearance . The program is also realistic in that it is very much like a real aquarium . You have to feed the fish , change the water , clean the filter and so on . You also have to be careful not to overcrowd the tank . If you do it right , your fish will breed and you can raise their babies . It would be pretty good practice for maintaining a real aquarium .
 You do n't really need to read the book before using this software , but it IS fairly complicated and so it takes a bit of patience . The thing to understand is this `` game '' is just like taking care of a real aquarium . There are only two pieces of software that have ever kept my attention and interest for more than 2 weeks , and this is one of them ! There is no end to this game and I do n't want there to be its a great replacement for those who do n't have the room or money to have a real aquarium . -LRB- If you get into trouble like the previous reviewer instead of panicing try going to the many , many fan sites out there . They have information from care and general maintance of your tanks to cheats that will give you unlimited fish . -RRB- Great software , well worth it !
 If you like all things virtual you will love this . It is a bit complicated at times though . Do searches on google to get help or you wo n't get too far before all the fishies die .
 I am an experienced Linux developer , so therefore I have played around with many distros , including Debian and Red Hat . After using SuSE for a while , I quickly learned that it is by far the best distro that exists . It comes with the most packages , and both KDE AND GNOME -LRB- both of which are great -RRB- , and is extremely compatible with almost any configuration . It is also amazingly easy to install , as tho only OS OR a dual-boot ! Whether you 've used Linux before or are new to it , SuSE is the way to go .
 I say that the end of 2004 , start of 2005 was the time to get a pimpin ' new PC . I booted SuSE 7.2 on a partition with Windows 2000 many years ago and the result was not funny . If you choose to dual-boot a Windows Linux machine , then get two hard drives for it . Take a hint . XP2 should be on one of the hard drives . Better yet get a docking bay installed on your PC , like a ViPower Super Rack IDE for hard drives so you can pull them out and swap them around . As a Windows user this is how you want to try out Linux on your machine ... and you should , but read more to find out why.Running Windows 95 or Windows 98 means you are in the land of needing a new computer fast , feeling that you might have a box that looks like it is running windows 3.1 and to be honest now is your chance to move to Windows 2000 for a more solid operating system . Even NT users found more stability in Windows 2000 , 98 users mostly gamers or downloaders , seeing the blue screen of death often , while Win 2K users doing something a little more software intensive like multimedia , graphics and servers that 98 could not manage . So came the day of the dual-processor , having an NT Dual 500mhz , upgrading to Win2K and you still had a fast machine , 64mb and 128mb games cards never really impressing you that much to get a better machine , a games console maybe cheaper and better , XP a little slow for you and besides , 2K was compatible with nearly everything and you could dual boot linux for fun . The only reason to buy a computer between the release of XP and now was if you did not have one and even then plenty of second hand units going around.Year
 OK , I have been using Windows -LRB- 95,98,2000 , and XP -RRB- at work and home since my first computer 15 years ago . My home computer recently crashed , power supply and board both had scorch marks . I am not sure what happended . Anyhow , I went out and purchased new power supply , and 2 new ECS motherboard 's with AMD 64 3000 + 's for $ 139 each . The original computer had Intel Celeron 2.6 GHz . Hard drive , CDRW were ok . I needed OS since the Windows XP that came with my computer wo n't work on new motherboard . I went out and bought SUSE Linux Pro 9.3 after reading about it and speaking with my neighbor . Wow!Wow ! Wow ! The package comes with 5CD 32 bit version and 2DVD has the 64 bit OS and a load of great applications for business , fun etc. . I will never go back to Windows . I had an extra 40GB hard drive from an older computer -LRB- which I am also upgrading , hence the extra motherboard and CPU -RRB- and I used it to load SUSE LINUX after allowing SUSE LINUX to reformat the entire drive . Once I got going and played with LINUX a bit , I read up on how to access a Windows partioned drive to retrieve all my old files . Then I mounted the HD that had Windows NTFS partition and all my digital photos and I was able to copy them onto the hard drive with LINUX partition . NOTE
 '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` I install it on my notebook Dell Inspiron 8200 . Instalation was fine as usual . All hardware works at once except wireless card in WPA-PSK and 108 MB/s mode . To install native NVidia driver I have to read documentation , yast work is not enough . I was surprised when discover that double quote key does n't work in US international keyboard layout in KDE . Also I can not install/remove any software after initial instalation from Yast , it is not able to find DVD in my drive . Every application starts very very slow . Compare to my previous SuSE 8.2 I would not say this distributive is better but hardware support is good . '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` Dell Latitude D400 , SuSE 9.3 , KDE 3.4 , US International , double quote works : -RRB-
 Buyers who have a system with an Advansys SCSI card should know that SUSE dropped support for these cards beginning with version 9.1 . -LRB- Some kernel hackers claim there are problems with the driver , though mine , which controls a Yamaha CD burner and an Epson scanner , has always worked fine . -RRB- This was a great surprise to me , since the Advansys cards had been supported on many distributions through many versions . -LRB- The same thing happened with the Fedora spin off from the Red Hat distribution , but if I understood the discussion I found last night , the Advansys driver was restored , as of Core 3 . -RRB-
 It 's been several years since I looked at a Linux distro , but I bought an old Gateway machine at auction a few days ago and needed a current OS . I downloaded the free evaluation edition of SuSE from one of the mirrors yesterday and it is incredible ! My old Gateway rocks now ! Some background
 I have been wanting to give Microsoft Windows the boot for some time and have tried RedHat and Mandrake -LRB- the free non supported versions -RRB- . RedHat is for the experienced and the free version of Mandrake was good but not what I was hoping for . Then I tried the free downloadable version of Suse and I was home . This version is what prompted me to get the store bought version with all of it 's extras and I 've been very pleased . I am still a novice and have no desire to become a Linux god but if I do Suse 9.3 has the fire power .
 This was by far the easiest install I have ever done -LRB- yes , easier than WinXP -RRB- . I installed it on a Dell dimension 5100 and had absolutely no problems . It recognized all the hardware out of the box . In regards to the other posts , I can only hint that there are a lot of components out there that are win * , like winmodems that lack certain hardware capabilities so the windows drivers take its place -LRB- so obviously Linux ca n't make it work without a custom driver -RRB- . So , do n't skimp on the hardware .
 I am considering buying Suse Linux Pro 9.3 , but I am concerned whether or not it supports the Korn shell and the VI editor . I am trying to simulate my enviroment at work and make work a little easier . I work with HP UNIX running the KORN shell and the VI editor . Thanks in advance .
 A wonderful Linux distribution . Very intuitive and user-friendly installation . Good for both power users and novices . Great hardware support and easy to install.Here 's a partial list of the packages included in SuSE Linux 9.3 : Linux Kernel 2.6.11.4 KDE 3.4.0 Gnome 2.10.0 OpenOffice 2.0 betaMozilla 1.7.5 GCC 3.3.5 Apache 2.0.53 PHP 5.0.3 Samba 3.0.12 Xorg 6.8.2
 I installed SUSE on an IBM ThinkPad R50 and overall I 'm pretty satisfied . It has excellent support for laptop functions like power management , Trackpoint mouse , and suspend-to-disk , all of which worked immediately without tweaking . Of course , GIMP and OpenOffice are great . The manuals -LRB- > 900 pages -RRB- are pretty good as manuals go . I did have a few install glitches but they were resolved with a little effort . E-mail support was competent and knowledgeable with next-day response time . A few helpful hints
 I find this version to be user friendlylooks like good competition for windowsSuse 9.3 Linux was very easy to install did n't take long at allwas so nice to only have to put in one dvd to install allthe software bundled on the dvd is excellentthe packages are all current with lots of applications browsers , email clients etc to chooseand with wine can run alot of windows programs if need toNovell also provides great tech support on the install if troubles
 Pros
 Well as far as a concern for usability goes SuSE is the best Linux distro . To my taste it is much superior to Red-Hat . But getting the distro it is only a beginning ! It is very cool OS and you will learn much about it . It is practical to get some general UNIX skills.I would recommendLinux and UNIX for a beginner complete training suite , 4DVDs + 2CDs ed .2008 SuSE is very user friendly and very updated . It is easy to use and that is very important to me it is FUN to use . Enjoy it .
 I downloaded SuSE Linux 9.3 from a SuSE mirror and installed it this past week . I have worked with a lot of Linux distributions in the past , most recently Mandrake 10.1 . Linux has always been very promising but also always somewhat difficult to make work well - it was definitely an OS for the hobbyist who enjoyed struggling with it to get things to work . SuSE Linux 9.3 changes all that . I have dubbed it the `` it just works '' Linux distro . EVERYTHING I have tried simply works . Printers , webcams , external hard drives , USB memory sticks ... EVERYTHING simply works , no muss , no fuss . It is a truly amazing experience . In addition to its excellent hardware support , SuSE Linux 9.3 comes with a dazzling array of excellent software . I have not found it to be wanting anything that I was looking for , and have run into all sorts of excellent new software as well . This is the Linux I have been looking for . SuSE Linux 9.3 is so good that even though I have downloaded and installed it for free , I have purchased the boxed set . These guys deserve to be compensated for the excellent job they have done . If you are looking for a solid , stable , `` it just works '' Linux distro , SuSE Linux 9.3 is the Linux for you .
 I installed both Win2K and Suse Linux Pro 9.3 on my laptop , and for every hour I spend in Windows , I spend 12 hours in Linux . If I were to pay for and install all the software for Windows that 's comparable to what 's included with this OS , I 'd have to shell out at the very least several thousand $ $ $ . I think this was the smarter option .
 Loaded with new features like fast switching as in Win XP . Thousands of minor improvments . Sure there are unfortunately some bugs but hey this is no free version , this is the cream of the crop of Linux and all updates are included . People who claime it is third party software , should think twince before investing a couple of grand only to discover that 3 years later they are outdated . With Linux you just buy the operation system and everything is there.Features
 If your wanting to ditch Windows , and do n't want to spring for a Mac , this is what you need . It was easier to install then Windows and comes with just about every normal application you would ever need . Office , email , web , instant messaging , music , even talks to iPods and Palm Pilots right out of the box . It includes DVD 's and CD 's both . It also comes with two very nice large manuals , a User 's Manual and a Administrator 's Manual . Not even Apple includes manuals like these any more.You can install it right along with Windows , right on the same hard drive . It will automatically shrink your Windows partition , add SuSE in it 's own partition , and install a boot loader when you can pick which OS you want to run when you turn on your computer.It looks very nice , and even includes TWO desktop systems , KDE and GNOME . KDE is the default desktop system and is most like Windows , GNOME is most like Mac . That 's the nice thing about SuSE , lots of choices , it has multiple desktop systems , web browsers , instant messengers , email programs , etc. . Your sure to find one you like , and they all work with their Windows counterparts.The only catch is hardware support . While it supports more hardware then ever , it does not support my Shuttle PN15g Wireless adapter or the extra media keys on my Logitech keyboard included with my Logitech Cordless MX Duo . It does have a long list of supported wireless adapters , but not many multimedia keyboards . For that I give it four stars , otherwise it would be five.The Linux desktop has come a long way , and SuSE is a very viable replacement for Windows . The only thing you 'll miss from Windows is viruses , spyware , malware , Trojan horses , pop-ups , spam ... : -RRB-
 I discovered Version 1 in October . The program was very helpful in organizing and tracking the processing of individual claims through three insurance companies . With the information it provided I was able to recover a significant amount in overcharges . The response time seems to be rather slow , particularly moving through the main claim list . I recently upgraded to version 2.1 . The conversion went smoothly . The new version has expanded capabilities which make tracking multiple insurances easier . Response to email from tech support is quick and helpful . I think some fine tuning still need to be done to work out some kinks . It is a good start to solve the challenge of tracking medical expenses and insurannce payments .
 Used it for 2.5 years now and love it . I got it to help me manage a large number of medical bills to manage a complex medical case . It helped me a lot in managing my flexible spending accounts and dealing with legal issues related to my case . It would have been a major burden to track all of this by hand or excel.I do n't know where these other folks commenting on slow performance issues are coming from . I have n't had any and I have used it on two different laptops , the last one was about 6 years old . Some reports takes a few seconds to run at most . My biggest complaint is it is definitely a garbage in garbage out , i.e. you have to enter all the stuff for every bill which is time consuming , but again by running a few reports you instantly get all your flexible spending account info and other information . I would definitely buy this again .
 I , too , loathe compiling all my records for tax purposes . There is always a lost or forgotten expense involved when you try to do it all in one weekend . This software was the solution for me . Once you set up your personal information , like your doctors -LRB- providers -RRB- , your medicines , clinics , round trip mileage to them , insurers , etc. , it 's no big deal to add a name to any list , or add a service or test , or new drug . Once about 2 years ago , my data file got corrupted . I emailed Steve at Quicken Health for Medical Expense Manager . He sent me step by step instructions to recover it , and it worked . I was thankful and relieved . Recently , I contacted him for advice when my insurance company introduced a peculiar plan for 2012 with unique provisions . He had seen just about every plan out there , but never one that had this one peculiarity in particular . He figured out a way to work around it , how I could post these few items differently , and then where to go to get a report retrieving that information when I needed it . So , yes , there is still someone there to help you and answer your concerns . You can send an email question to them from the support website . -LSB- ... -RSB- To make my life easier , I post each Insurance Explanation of Benefits shortly after receiving it , then do the same thing right after I make a payment . That way you can see at a glance who is paid and who is not . Do n't overwhelm yourself by letting benefit reports pile up . The Find feature works great for many things , too . For example , like singling out certain procedures , or certain drugs , or certain providers charges that you want to view . This software and its organized structure is a godsend to me .
 Pros
 I have been using SuSE Linux since version 7.3 . I have upgraded the 7.3 to 9.0 the last time , now 9.3 looked very promising . Installation is a breeze . Lots of software including development tools , games , and server functionality . I have been a happy SuSE user for over four years now . I hope they keep up their good work since they got acquired by Novell and wo n't make major upsetting changes for their licensing and usage . Corporate greed , you never know ... I am an avid Microsoft developer , administrator , and user -LRB- MCSE , MCSA , MCDBA -RRB- , but if you want to get into Linux world , I assure you that you would not be disappointed if you get SuSE Linux 9.3 . As they say , `` Have a lot Fun ! `` Cheers ! - Baskin
 I use to be a Mandrake fan , But I really love this SUSE 9.3 the best . Evrything works and did on th first install . I am using it now and no blue screens of death.For you new linux users , do n't believe the hype about Mandrake being more user friendly . SUSE 9.3 is a great Linux Distribution .
 I have since moved on to RHEL and then settle on Ubuntu , but Suse Linux is a very comfortable fit for someone transitioning from Windows to Linux .
 My daughter and I play a lot of games together on the computer and the Carmen Sandiego games are among the best . We enjoy the 360 degree view of the places you visit and hearing the educational - but entertaining - things the Good Guides have to tell about each location . This version includes a translation device as part of the game so you can count , say `` Good Morning '' and ask about a woman in red in a variety of languages by the time you have captured all of Carmen 's cohorts . And do n't forget the watch . Even the Chief wears one .
 Make sure you check the hardware requirements . I was really excited to find this program . I ordered it and when we installed it would n't work because our systems were too new .
 I have a 10 year old daughter who I have seen spend , literally , multiple hours on our PC engaged in what I call `` virtual globe - trotting '' in an effort to find Carmen and her partners in crime.Players use the Digiketch to piece together a composite image of the suspect as they unlock clues describing his/her appearance . -LRB- Once you get a complete image , you can issue an arrest warrant ! -RRB- There is a World Wiz Database that helps players learn more about the countries that the suspect may have visited . This game introduces foreign phrases , international travel , and problem solving skills in a way that no other medium could.I highly recommend this game as a means by which a child 's horizons can be greatly broadened .
 This game is a little frustrating for any child who can not yet associate a continent with the following clues
 This is a good game that will teach children about world geography but younger children may get frustrated with this game . It is really geared toward pre-teens and you have to listen closely to the clues in order to determine where is the world is Carmen . This game will work with Windows XP Home Edition but you have to run it in compatibility mode .
 This is my review
 This is simply a brilliant , but yet educational , game.It challenges childrens ' -LRB- & adults ' -RRB- geographical knowledge , while incorporating strategical planning as well .
 This is a good spy - mystery game that gets children involved with clues , information gathering and deductive thought . Highly recommended .
 Where In Time Is Carmen Sandiego ? `` Halloween '' DVDWhere In Time Is Carmen Sandiego ? `` Halloween '' BookWhere In Time Is Carmen Sandiego ? `` Halloween '' CDWhere In Time Is Carmen Sandiego ? `` Halloween '' CD-Rom
 This game is so much fun !!! I would n't trade it for anything . Some cases are finding the Book of the Dead in ancient Egypt so Queen Hatshepsut may bury her husband properly . Another one involves going to the 60 's and fixing the launch problems of the original Sputnik space shuttle . There are so many fun parts of this game , it 's hard to stop playing !! It also teaches a little trivia about Roman architecture , the Norse gods , and countless other things . IF YOU HAVE NOT PLAYED THIS GAME YOU HAVE NOT LIVED !!!
 This was undoubtedly one of my favorite PC games as a child . Now , as a sophomore in college , I still remember the things I learned through this game . My history professor questioned us about the Silk Road in class today , and I was the only one that knew the answer to the question . All because of this game . Unfortunately my copy -LRB- from when it was still called Where In Time Is Carmen Sandiego -RRB- does n't work on my laptop and I am stuck without the educational fun D :
 Game is fun ! Does n't work on my computer , I Do not have right system . I will keep it for future .
 I last played this when I was a kid , and I found some cases easy and some hard . The first was in ancient Egypt , which was fairly easy , just mummifying a pharoh correctly and decoding Carmen 's note to her associate . The second was in Rome , and included fixing the plumbing . I had the most trouble with that ! It continued with getting the Vikings their ship back , bringing the moon 's light to a Japanese writer 's room , doing errands for William the Conqeror , etc. . They get harder and harder . I lost the discs before I could get any further than the sixth mission , but I 'd really like to have it back and see if I could complete the missions now . I advise you to buy it and while you do n't really use your history skills , you do have to think outside the box and use logic ! All that and it 's fun !
 I had this game for many years on my first edition iMac , and also on some computers in the labs in middle school . I absolutely loved it.The essential idea is to get a loan from the bank , buy 1 of 3 kinds of land , buy a dinosaur for the land 's particular climate , buy a little bit of the right food , and hire a few employees as needed , then launch your park . Improve the park little by little until you can pay back your loan , bring more attractions to bring more people and keep everything in balance with food , dinosaurs , and employees.It 's just a good , fun , somewhat educational , wholesome game . I unfortunately lost it a year or two ago , but I 'm definitely buying it again as soon as I submit this review . I wish they would come out with a new one though , u can definitely tell it 's an older game , but still love it and I 'm definitely missing it .
 This was one of my first games . Way back in second grade , i was in computer club , and every week when we went to the lab i clicked on DINOPARK , always . It 's more creative than some
 This software makes learning guitar fairly simple . The lessons are good and have a lot of help available if and when you need it . The program installs fine and the only problem I 've had with it was that my microphone would n't work with it . -LRB- But you do n't use the mic much so hey , that was n't too big of a deal . -RRB- I was kinda iffy about buying this at first because the reviews that were here on Amazon sounded like plugs written by the company or something . -LRB- Who talks like that in real life ? -RRB- But I did end up buying it , and it delivers what it says . 4 out of 5 stars .
 I love this program . As a beginner learning without lessons I was able to pick up plenty of chords from books . The problem for me was learning proper timing and strumming techniques . You can not get that information from a book ; you need someone to show you . This CD does that.I noticed another user warning that the program does not run well on new computers . However , I have a P4 with XP pro and all the updates and it runs fine for me .
 If you want to learn how to play guitar forget everything else and buy this . Grab a guitar and get started with lesson 1 and in a few moments you 'll actually be playing ! This amazing program contains all the tools you 'll need to get started ; animated fret board , a metronome , a chord dictionary , a tuner -LRB- yes , that 's right -RRB- and a recorder . The interface is very easy to learn and navigate and there are many nifty gadgets built in to make it even easier and more fun to learn . You can click on a chord diagram and hear it being played . You can highlight several measures and hear it repeated over and over . You can click and hold the song and get the midi version where you can slow it down or speed it up . I like to print out the lessons so I can take them with me and leave the computer behind . Printing the lessons also keeps me from jumping ahead - but you can go at your own pace ! No pressure to advance until you are ready.Some of the other reviews mentioned the instructors voice is annoying . Honestly , I do n't mind his voice at all and I found it very easy to increase or decrease the volume . If you do n't like the singing at all , then switch to MIDI and you 'll just get the instrumental without the vocals -LRB- although very computery sounding -RRB- . I 'm on lesson 63 after six weeks of playing and I feel I 'm doing quite well . There are 165 lessons in this program - it will keep you busy for a long time and it covers many aspects of guitar playing and many different styles . There is even a chapter on reading standard notation!This is a very complete and comprehensive program - you wo n't be sorry buying this . It even comes with a pick , so skip that too .
 For anyone who has NEVER picked up a guitar before this product is for you ! There are great tutorials with videos that are easy to follow . Before you know it you will be playing some really cool -LRB- read
 e media has made this simple and easy to understand and use . Depending on playing level it can be too easy . However , as a beginning guitar play I learned and implimented 8 chords in the 1st hour or so . The system worked flawlessly . i would recommend this system to anyone starting to play . If you have a good understanding of your chord then maybe skip this one and go on to the next .
 I 've played in the past but had been quite awhile , this product is excellent . Takes you step by step but quickly progresses . Really like the application , can play along , show 's you cords -LRB- or hides them - your choice -RRB- , records , etc. I plan on buying the intermediate level once I 've completed the beginners
 I highly recommand this package ! I 'd tried different ways to learned guitar , going to the tutors , reading books , and finally I decide to purchase this to give it a try . It give you flexibilities for your own pace , easy to follow . It also gives you graphics of how you should position your fingers , I like it . Do n't miss it the chance that you can learn playing guitar by yourself !
 Great deal , great price , great product . Emedia Guitar method is by far one of the greatest computer learn to play programs out there . My order netted me a brand new , factory fresh product , securely and quickly shipped . Thanks , again !
 Was on time , nothing wrong with it . its not anything very exciting , i got it for my bf . he likes it .
 I bought this based on the Amazon reviews . I am extremely new at this but the software is pretty good . The teacher is somewhat annoying and as another reviewer said , he sings over his playing way too much . I wish there was a way to turn him WAY down and the guitar up . It touts having over 160 lessons , but that is somewhat misleading . I do n't doubt it has over 160 pages , but I covered 23 `` lessons '' in about an hour . I do like the fact that the first few lessons he teaches you very easy versions of the chords so you do n't feel hung up on doing the full chords when your fingers do n't want to move to strange new positions they are n't used to . I am using this as well as Fender 's DVD for acoustic with Keith Wyatt . The DVD is a little more challenging for me , but Keith Wyatt is much better than the guy from the eMedia software -LRB- and he does n't feel the need to sing !!! -RRB- . Overall , I would recommend this software .
 I really like this software . I have tried to follow countless guitar books only to abandon them halfway through . The interactivity and quicktime movies provided with this software makes it much more interesting to follow . I never get bored learning guitar with this software .
 I ca n't tell you how many times I have tried to learn guitar - I 've given up after trying to learn from books and being a single mom , I am not really in the financial position to take lessons . This is definately the next best thing ! I 've learned so much and I 'm only halfway done . I am more into acoustic guitar , so I do n't know if I will continue on with the intermediate version -LRB- it seems geared more towards electric and lead guitar -RRB- . I also might take a guitar class at a local community college to get use to playing in front of others as well . A + all the way !
 I had been wanting to take guitar lessons but did not have the time.After doing some research I purchased eMedia 's Guitar Method.I loaded up the software and began my first lesson.Within an hours time I was playing a song!I could not beleive it.I have never had a lessons nor could I understand a note.There are some really good features like a built in tuner and animated fretboard -LRB- my fav -RRB- . I highly recommend the product.It 's like personal lesson in your home !
 I was sceptical about buying this product after reading one of the reveiws about having some trouble with Quicktime . Anyways , I had no problems with this program at all . Guitar is my favorite instrument . I 've always wanted to learn how to play guitar . I even bought the cheap $ 10 dollar videos that basically rush through everything and left me frustrated , and playing the chords all wrong . This video is SO MUCH FUN !!!! I thought I could never play guitar after being so discouraged from learning from other videos . I figured , ok , this is a little more expensive , but at least I will learn how to play over 70 songs !!! I 'm so happy that I bought this video . It is worth every penny . I 'm currently on the 42nd lesson . Mind you , this video is not one of those `` we move along quickly , so if you did n't get it , just rewind '' videos . Oh no , this video makes you practice the chords many times so it 's in your head . When you 're done with this video , you 'll feel so confindent . It 's like having your own private instructor . Certain things I was doing wrong I no longer do . It has even cleaned up my fingering technique . I have no more words , it 's a great video and you ca n't go wrong with Amazon 's price.Thank you !
 Well presented , easy to follow along , and easy to revisit previous lessons . Videos and illustrated fretboard really help see and hear how the song should be played . Not a lot of depth in the material but probably about the right level to maintain the attention of most students . Some of the accompanyment/singing could be better but overall does a good job presenting the music so the student can practice along . Some of the material/songs may not be to everyones liking , but again , these are okay for the beginner . The singing can be a slight destraction sometimes . I probably would n't recommend this to be the only source of learning guitar ... and I do n't think most people buying it would think it 's all the will every need to become a great guitar player . I 'm sure a teacher would still be very advantageous especially when it comes to pointing out bad habits that may creep into the new students technique . I 'm trying to learn without a teacher as well and have found other music books very useful.Bottom line ; This is a good product and provides a good start at learning to play the guitar .
 This program has been a great way for me to learn guitar at my own convenience . I 'm not sure why A.P. Birch has had so many problems with the product . I run a top of the line Windows XP system -LRB- built in July , 2005 -RRB- , and I 've had no troubles with either installation or use of the program.Before that , I used a computer running Windows 2000 to run the program . Again , no hitch.Quicktime is backwards compatible , so old videos will work with new versions of the program . Also , even though an older version of Quicktime comes with the program , you do n't have to install it . You can keep a newer version if you have one . You can also download the newest version of Quicktime from the Quicktime site at any time . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- In short , this program * will * run on a new computer . In fact , that 's what it 's designed for . The program has a great structure and very clear instructions . I 'd recommend it to anyone who wants to learn to play guitar at their own rate .
 This software is absolutely the BEST guitar teaching program available today . The program made it fun and easy for me to learn to play the guitar . Compared to private lessons here in Phoenix priced at between $ 19 to $ 21 for 30 minutes of instruction , this CD is a real bargain ! I love it so much that I 'm going to purchase eMedia 's Intermediate Guitar Method software right now .
 My 6 year old son LOVES this computer dinosaur `` adventure . '' He ca n't read all the text yet , but he can navigate through the virtual museum , play the numerous informative videos , excavate all the bones and bring the dinos to life . It takes some thinking , plus trial and error , to figure out how to excavate the bones and assemble the skeletons so they can be `` reanimated . '' He got frustrated a few times , but with a little help from me -LRB- Mom -RRB- , he solved the problems and completed the skeleton assembly . I 'm hoping the text part will be more interesting for him as his reading skills improve , so that the adventure can continue for a couple of years !
 We can say that it is one of the ultimate English learning CD-ROM in the market recently . It has a new 8 in 1 Interactive English Dictionary which is an added bonus to your copy of this Pronunciation Power 1 Software .
 excelente very fast , me llego hasta panama . muy rapido y seguro , lo recomiendo . muy confiable mucha garantia.excelente precio . mucha calidad .
 For money , this 2 cds set software is really a nice deal . I hadhard time to talk about phonics with my son who is 5 years old . Hewo n't pay attention to learn the sound of letters . This software really caught his attention , he sits there for hours and practice . Those games are very cute and helpful . After two days play , he already made a lot of progress . It takes off some pressures from me.We love it !
 I bought this for my two boys ages 4 and 6 . They ca n't sit still but do for this phonics software . They love the learning games and do n't realize they are really learning . I purchased this to help them with their speech , one is severly delayed and the other not so much . The words and pronounciation are very very clear and easily understood . Simple directions and easy to follow . Starts off easy but gets harder for my older child . Best of all they are learning to read and practicing speech . Also has sight words game great for school age children and early readers .
 I really like this software . My son is using it and I can see the improvement already . He is in kindergarten and he can read through sight words but not phonetically . This program really helps with phonetic sounds . I would recommend it especially for the price you pay .
 Check your Operating System if your running 64bit , this software is incompatible . I ran into a little problem with a seller and they offered a refund minus all shipping fees and their Amazon sellers fee.this omission is really the fault of Amazon so I did n't press the seller for a refund . Although , it is my opinion that a seller should know the goods they are selling and operating system compatibility is a big concern for obvious reasons.But , technology being what it is , it is one of those esoteric things that can be over looked.But , again ... check what version of windows your running : > Start > Right click ` Computer ' > Left click ` Properties ' > View the box for ` System Type'You 'll want to see ' 32bit ' for this software .
 I may even like this better then Reader Rabbit or Jumpstart series . A seperate cd for vowels is included which I found fantastic . My daughter loves getting the silver and gold stars . My daughter is 5 and has no problems navigating this game .
 Great program . My son in kindergarten is learning vowels & consonants & this program helps him with sounding out letters out & has enjoyable games to test them on it . Has a good `` star '' system that rewards them a gold star if they get all answers correct . Easy installation on a XP system . Highly recommend for your child !
 This CDrom is quite good and I would have given it 5 stars if my toddler had been thrilled with it ... which he was n't . He was mildly interested . Perhaps at almost 3 years of age he is too young . On the other hand , as a teacher I was very impressed with this CDrom . It is very thorough and I have no doubt that if a child were to proceed through the games , winning stars for each level , their skills would be dramatically improved . It seemed entertaining to me , but I 'm 43 - not the suggested 4 - 8 years old .
 If you do research or write non-fiction , you * need * this product ! The newest version -LRB- 6.0.1 -RRB- for Mac works with OS X. 2 and comes with a separate application -LRB- 5.0 -RRB- that works with OS 9 . Keep all your notes in Endnote and access them quickly and easily . Insert perfectly formatted citations into works you are writing without having to look up citation formats . Gather works by keyword , even search distant libraries over the net ! This tool helped me survive -LRB- and even thrive in -RRB- graduate school ; I can not recommend it highly enough .
 Just Me and My Dad is wonderful . Not only is there a story and animation but an entire video of Little Critter 's `` camping trip '' can be seen on his TV -LRB- 20 minutes -RRB- . This CD introduces Little Critter well , or continues the relationship from Mercer Mayer 's books . Stimulates spatial memory as well as interest in reading . My 2 year old was motivated to master the mouse with this program and it translated to his continuing development because of the activities and story . We have been using this program for three years now and he still chooses it as one of his favorites .
 Just me and my Dad is an excellent children 's book , and this software version does an excellent job of reading it . I bought it mainly to help my 5 year old son learn to read , and I find it very useful . However , it gave me tremendous frustration at first when I could n't get it to run at all on my one year old Windows XP machine . I own many children 's software , such as the Magic school bus series , Jump Start , Reader Rabbit , DK software , and other Living Book series such as the Cat in the Hat , and they all run well or at least partially on my machine . This one does n't open AT ALL , and every trick I used that worked in the past failed . Luckily , I was able to borrow a friend 's computer with Windows 98 , and it runs beautifully . My son particularly likes the little movie on it . It is surprisingly well done and captivates his attention . Highly recommended for those who can downgrade .
 My kids have dozens of programs -- I 'm afraid to even count them all -- and this is one of their all-time faves . Not only is the story fun , but clicking around the pages yields lots of surprises and giggles . And they 're always finding things they 've missed the first few dozen times through the story . Of course , with me being the dad , this version ranks several steps above the version of `` Mercer Mayer 's Me and My Mom . ''
 Little Critter is a sweet , sometimes mischevious , well behaved little critter . In this story , Little Critter and his dad go camping . The software is easy to play with and each page is loaded with fun things to click on . It also contains the hidden animated image then will have your child laughing when he or she pushes the button . All of the Mercer Mayer software , Me and My Mom and Me and My Grandmom plus the books and even movies are terrific . This is a great piece of software to read with your child . Girls will also enjoy it . Highly recommended !
 Someone purchased this cd by Mercer Mayer for me . My grandson who is 3 years old today just loves this story . He also enjoys the stickers and playing in the sand . I have looked all over the place for other cds by Mercer Mayer along the same line . Everyone seems to have heard of them but do not know where to purchase them . Could you help me with this . How many cds does Mercer Mayer have besides Grandma & Me at the beach and Just me and my Dad .
 Its another great Mercer Mayer game . They should make more . I love them all , but the others do work on XP . This will not work . I was able to run the movie , but not the game on XP . Children under 3 will like it !
 My 1 1/2 and 3 1/2 year olds both love this one . A fun story with lots of funny hidden surprises . Only one complaint
 My 2 year old daughter just loves `` Just me and my mom '' . My grandmother bought it for my little sister and she is now 10 . The CD that I have is for the Mac . and it works on my brand new Windows XP . It wo n't let me install it , but I got it to work.Whenever I turn on the computer she comes to me and says `` me and my mom '' . So the first thing that I do before I can do anything else is let her do her thing with the computer . I also have `` Just me and my Grandma '' but I have n't tried it on the computer yet . I hope that it works cause my mom comes and stays with her when I 'm at work .
 I have vague memories of this game . I do remember though that it was awesome beyond compare , I actually first played this when I was 2 . -LRB- below the intended age -RRB- I used to play this TONS before I started school , this was -LRB- if I recall -RRB- the first HE Game I ever played . I 'm sure it will sharpen your young children 's reflexes , and provide lots of fun.This is coming from a 14 yr old .
 I bought this software on the internet directly from the simplestar web page , I think this option to buy because some of this products can be shipped only in the U.s and this one no , other advantage is that they allow you to download for free to test and the if you like it they send you the `` key '' and you just type it and it ` s yours !! , also the upgrade is free.You must wonder `` why if she liked it she put 4 stars ? '' well I did that because I do n`t agree that once you buy it they offer you extra images but for a cost ! I mean you are a client you have to have some `` privileges '' and as the upgrade get free combo packages of images . What I do n't like and simplestar should work on are the facts that 1.-they do n't have a mac version 2.-when you finish doing a musical slideshow and you want to share it by e-mail they ask you to use their music and not yours !! this is bad , imagine your disey trip pics with an unknown song instead of any disney tune !! 3 . - the service they offer of sending a DVD is a good idea but if they do n't have the complete service ... what I mean is that this service has the same music problem I mentioned before.They can do better than this.But I reccomend you to buy if you want to make slideshows with funny images , text and music -LRB- mp3 -RRB- plus the feature of build a pic to put it on your desktop .
 I recieved a CD from a friend that had pictures through years of our friendship ... She had clip art of pink flying elephants , horses all kinds of fun clip art along with special photos ... It was very entertaining and beautiful ... She used this software ... She gives the Cds she creates with PhotoDeluxe out as gifts to friends and family members ... I now have PhotoDeluxe and am having a blast with it ! Its really easy to work with and the finished product is awesome ... You can even try it Free at Shockwaves website . .
 There are a few products with more features and probably a few that easier to use but you probably wont find anything with both . I could n't find anything more recent than 2004 so they may have stopped making this but at least for now , this has all the features I need for the time being .
 I love this product . As a matter of fact , I had an older version which I used quite often and decided to update it as it has the most recent laws by state . I have used it to prepare Wills for myself and several family members , for Bills of sale for vehicles and boats and many other legal documents . It is extremely easy to use since all you do is select the document and run through a questionnaire , then the software prepares the document for you . It has saved me alot of money in legal fees .
 Easy to use , multitude of useful forms . I 've upgraded twice since mid 90s w/o a thought of switching brands . Primarily use the commercial lease form which is thorough yet without excess verbiage .
 I knew when I bought this that it was an older version , but it works great with Windows 2000 and Vista . It is a little tricky to load your existing files but they are in there when you find the way to load them . What you do is double click the category of the document from the list on the left , then your saved document will pop up . Software came in a factory sealed box and you ca n't beat it for the price .
 I have just recently used this product to update my personal medical records and etc. . The software is truly in depth and easy to use with the built in interviewer process .
 Family Lawyer 2004 Home and Business Deluxehas all of the documents that a layman could reasonably expect to need .
 A must for every family . I did my Directive for the hospital and ambulance . I have n't gotten into the meat of this program but I had one before and lost it . This is the replacement and I 'm just as good .
 I 've had versions of this software for many years , beginning with the time I had a practice as a real estate counselor . We often had a need for a document and , as is the practice of many attorneys , we usually had something on disk or in a file that we could adapt for the current situation.Broderbund 's Family Lawyer proved to be the fastest , most effective solution . The interviews and the documents gather and present the information in a workmanlike manner . I 'm accustomed to editing the final edition with a word processor . When necessary , we 'd draft a document and give it to our client , advising or urging them to have their attorney review and revise the draft . Changes were seldom necessary and our clients were quite knowledgeable . When they needed a Power of Attorney , for example , they knew what they needed to know ; Family Lawyer gave them the verbiage to get the job done in a manner acceptable to our jurisdiction .
 The questions that I was seeking answers to were imediately answered upon my reading the book .
 For companies not requiring a full suite of `` back office '' products , Artisoft 's Xtramail 1.2 provides internal and external email on multiple operating systems . Administration is extremely simple , intallation is easy , and the price is extremely competitive .
 Ordering my MS Office Professional 2007 software was both simple and fast . It arrived within a couple of days in perfect condition and it works great .
 Product was easy to install . Office Pro 2007 will make updating to Vista a lot easier .
 Though , like any other product , the new Vista takes getting to know . It 's a far superb product and ultimately an easier program to navigate than Windows XP once you get the swing of it .
 it is very nice and informational , and has very useful links and let you manage your e-mail very easily .
 Been using MS Office Professional for several years . 2007 made some significant changes including the ribbon . Ca n't seem to get used to it but overall the product is excellent but PRICEY .
 Works as specified . Forgive me if I still prefer Office 2003 but that 's no longer available . Microsoft , as usual had to `` improve '' on an already great product , and I find the new user interface confusing . I would have loved it if there was an instant `` 2003 mode '' .
 Excellent upgrade . The only problem is that many people do not have 2007 and say they can not read messages .
 I 'm familiar with MS Office Professional 2003 , but this version is going to take some time to learn . I love the bundle .
 I had been holding off on upgrading from Office 2003 , but was having problems with Outlook . So I gave in and ordered this upgrade . It is great , and works really well with Windows 7 .
 We like this using this product because it allows you to use the compatibility mode between the old excel and word documents . You also have a choice to save your new documents in whatever mode you like . There seems to be more creative choices within the works , word and excel programs . It takes a little time to get used to the new menu bars , but not bad to use .
 I used above miscrosoft office 2007 version and completely satisfied by its enhanced features which does not covered on previous ones . The Color Schemes and themes are very impressive and polite or cool either you are working on Word or Power Point or Outlook . You can easily manage the designing , cropping , sliding and many newly introduced tools . I also hope and expected with its Beta release to explore the technology on peak.Microsoft Office Professional 2007 FULL VERSIONlikeas created and mailed without exiting the e-mail programme .
 Very well organized and the explanations are fairly easy to understand.Not having the best eyesight I wish the photos were larger with better contrast . I have to go to the program and actually see the screen .
 This product is great . I run a business out of my home and I love the new outlook with business contact manager . I can keep track of all of my clients easily and track the time spent on projects by using the timer in the phone call log . Great purchase !
 Update 06/19/2010 ... The Upgrade version of Office 2007 bought from a qualified retailer such as Amazon is eligible for the upgrade to 2010 if purchased and activated between March 5 , 2010 and October 2010 , and it does download - I just did it -LRB- I did not install , but the terms say that the Upgrades versions are included in the technology upgrade guarantee -RRB- . You must download by that deadline , also . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Original ... I was using MS Office 2003 , but wanted the new look/feel/functions . I do n't use Office much , but am getting ready to convert from Outlook Express to Outlook.Anyway , I installed this 2007 PRO upgrade over 2003 Pro Full , and it installed ok , but there were a LOT of microsoftupdate runs and boots I had to do , including an Office 2007 Servicepack . I had the 2007 install uninstall 2003 , but I forgot to remove my 2007 compatibility pack first . Lucky for me , I went to add/remove after the fact -LRB- I am Windows XP -RRB- , and was able to remove it ok . Word still works good , and I really have n't used the other stuff yet -LRB- wanted to learn on 2007 -RRB- . I installed it all a couple of weeks ago , and all seems stable , though.I bought and received the Office 2007 PRO upgrade from Amazon itself which arrived as the retail upgrade in the sealed plastic box , and not from one of the other sellers , so as I understand from my research , I get Office 2010 Pro download free , even though I bought an upgrade . NOTE - You have to buy Office 2007 between March 5 , 2010 , and September 30 , 2010 from a qualified seller -LRB- why I chose Amazon itself , but they were cheapest at the time -RRB- , and install and activate it by September 30 , 2010 . You must request the 2010 download by October 31 , 2010 . Go to the Microsoft Technology Guarantee site to read about the free upgrade.By the way , carefully score -LRB- cut -RRB- along the black seal strip along the back edge of the top , and then squeeze the tabs together on the sides of the plastic box , while pulling up on the red tape sticking out of the top of the package . Most videos are not clear on how to open the box . Mine did not have the red arrows pointing at the tabs to squeeze , etc. . Just pulling the red strip might not open it - squeeze the tabs on the side , together , and the box side hinges out and down.I was wanting to try OneNote , and it did not come with Office 2007 pro , but will be with my free 2010 upgrade -LRB- OneNote is now part of all or most all Office 2010 suites -RRB- , so I bought a 2007 OneNote OEM -LRB- it turned out to be an HP cd -RRB- for a dozen plus a couple bucks on ebay , and installed it after I had done all the microsoftupdate 's , so I had to go throgh microsoftupdate 's again for it , but it all seems to have turned out operating well , including OneNote . Just took hours to go through it all . OneNote 2007 is pretty interesting , and has a lot of features I am learning , and I think it is a go . When I do the Office 2010 upgrade , my OEM OneNote single PC version should be covered up by it , and then it all comes together under same license.I hear that the standard license for MS Office suites allows use on one desktop -LRB- where I now have it installed -RRB- , and one Laptop , which I will be buying with Win 7 on it , later.By the way , I heard that if you have some 2007 Office stuff installed already when you install a 2007 Office suite , it might not offer to remove the old stuff , since some of Office is already installed as 2007 , and I can see where that could be a problem , so I installed the 2007 Office pro over the 2003 pro completely saying to remove it first including updates , then the 2007 OneNote that is not part of the suite last . Seemed safest.Now I 'm good with all Office pro functions including OneNote , so I can wait to install the 2010 Office pro when I decide it looks stable . Must remember to download it by some time in October , though.Just letting everybody know a series of installation steps that worked . Good Luck!Don ' t forget to back up your stuff first , or cross your fingers . Your results could easily vary . It is a PC , after all .
 Wow ! I should have upgraded a year ago when I first got my new system , but I was too cheap and kept thinking how much better can it really be ? A LOT , that 's right A LOT BETTER ! The integration between products is awesome - I LOVE the business contacts manager and project manager in Outlook and the Office Accounting is a solid accounting program for independent business owners that have to do their own books , especially those that bill hourly . I have Access again ! Yeah ! The tool bars take about 2 minutes to get used to , and then they 're like cell phones , you wo n't know how you lived with out them . Got this upgrade for $ 250 on Amazon - best purchase I 've made all year , no question .
 Upgrade went pretty smooth . It 's definitely taking a while to get used to the change in appearance from 2003 to 2007 . I 've used Office for years and it 's taking me a good bit of effort to figure out where everything has moved to . I 'm not overly thrilled with the new `` ribbon '' .
 The new Microsoft Office 2007 is the best product yet . The new navagation buttons are easier to access formatting . The product give more accessability to newer modules in the set .
 The installation was great ! In general , the software works great . Sometimes , however , it will just kind of hang up . I 've had to submit a report more than once to Microsoft upon having to use Task Manager to kill out of a hung session . When it works , however , it does have a lot of neat features . Sometimes , it takes some digging to find a tool on a menu that used to be just `` there '' when you needed it , but with time , I suppose I 'll learn where everything is .
 Office 2007 was a very nice improvement over previous versions . The program was stable , for me at least , and the new interface was very nice . It may take a few minutes to find where some commands have been moved to but the result was a much cleaner interface . One thing that keeps in mind is that it uses a different file format from previous versions by default . There is the option of changing the format to the previous version but the default option is n't compatible with earlier programs .
 I have been working with Microsoft Office since it was first released by Microsoft . But this is the best release so far . Once you get use to the new ribbon interface , the products flow so much better . The ribbon interface is the best upgrade to the Microsoft Office products . I use the interface in all of the products except of course in Publisher were the old interface is still in place . It is much easier working with the ribbon interface because all the tools that you need are right in front of you .
 After installing the Vista operating system , I installed Office Professional , which containes the Windows 2007 versions of
 If you 're looking for a professional office suite , MS Office 2007 has no real competitors . I 've worked extensively with Corel Office and some with Open Office . They 're fine for the basics , and they cost less . But if you 're looking for effectiveness , integration , speedy productivity , and an incredible array of tools , you 'll want to buy MS Office 2007 . And as an added bonus , the interface makes it a pleasure to work in .
 About time microsoft issued the next version of windows Office . It 's going to take hours on end -LRB- a lot -RRB- for everone to learn how to operate this software systems but once you do , it 's going to make the office task easier .
 I thought the upgrade went smoothly and I like the improvements very much
 I am unable to install disk # 2 . Disk # 1 installed ok , and work fine . I did n't find any way to contact Microsoft and send them the file log of the error , so they can suggest what I can do .
 I had this for a month and it has been really useful you can save documents with passwords and much more .
 I have been using the Professional version of this software for about 6 months now . The beta version had some bugs but that is why it was a beta . I became fluent in MS Access while I was working in the corporate world and took that knowledge with me when i started my own business . I wish I had had 2007 when I developed all my software tools around MS Access . It would have greatly reduced my development time . The new interface takes a little while to get used to but now it seems second nature to me . I can even confidently do mail merges between apps . That is something I have always had trouble remembering how to do since i do n't do it everyday . The only reason it does n't get a 5 star rating is that I think the upgrade price is a little steep .
 Good or not , office , particularly word is installed on about 90 % of all desktops . Word , Excel , Outlook , and Powerpoint have become the standard.Having said that , Office 2007 is really an excellent upgrade.For the first time , in Word , i find the options that i need to do my job.The `` ribbon '' after a day or two is a big step forward.The graphics , and the resizing of pictures and all images are excellent.I am now moving beyond just producing document , and now producing really good looking documents.Office 2007 stability has been good , no significant bugs.This is a good product upgrade . And i guess $ 250 after five years of Office 2003 is reasonable.Office 2007 is even easy to install.I like this product .
 Had a questionable office 2003 installation I had goten through an Ebay vendor and wanted to get firmly legit . It is actually cheaper to upgrade to 2007 then go and get 2003 - especially if you go the upgrade route as I did.The upgrade on Microsoft says any old package -LRB- includeing Works 6 and forward -RRB- will qualify . Someone in India said it would not , but pre-sales in the US said yes . They were right , you simply need the qualifying application on you machine OR an old Works or other qualifying disk will do . You simply point to it during the install.So far , it is all working good -LRB- including contact manager -RRB- . Have not really tested many of the new features yet.As other reviewers have mentioned , Word and Excel create a new file format that can not be accessed by older versions -LRB- 2003 and earlier -RRB- unless the would-be user downloads a microsoft downloaded conversion program . It is easier to just save in the old format if you are going to share the worksheet or document .
 I like the changes MS has made , it is quite a bit more user friendly , the enhancements for a small business with a business process integration approach is fantastic . First time I really felt that I was working with an integrated package capitalizing on the strengths of the different programs , Word for correspondence , Publisher for marketing materials , excel for performance measurement , etc. . The new version has opened up different ways to approach using the tools efficiently.The transition went relatively smooth albeit I did look around a bit to find the normal things I use but after a few days I was up and running pretty much like normal . As a heavy Excel user I really like the improvements made with the conditional formatting and pivot improvements and presentation/report quality has significantly improved . The improvements to Outlook are also very beneficial from a task management standpoint , improvements to flag options and task color coding along with being able to customize search folders for easy mail retrieval has decreased the amount of time I have spent coordinating activities , that alone was worth the price of the upgrade . PowerPoint seems to be about the same but I do like the template that is formatted with a 16:9 `` widescreen '' aspect ratio.If you are wondering how well it works going back and forth with MS Office 2003 , I have not had any issues yet , there is a compatibility mode you can work and save in to go backwards to 2003 , you lose some of the enhancement functionality when you save as a 2003 file but I have n't run into any show stoppers yet but I suspect it will only be a matter of time until I receive an e-mail stating that they could not open a file . I guess as technology advances we are always going to have that problem . I hope this review was helpful and have a smooth transition if you decide to migrate to the new version.By the way , I am not a Microsoft employee or affiliated with them in any way.All in all I am very happy with the improvements and felt the upgrade price , fairly cheap actually , was well worth it .
 I found the best price for this product at Amazon . It was the best price of all the trusted sellers .
 I have only used the Outlook , Word And Access programs and I found them satisfactory . The Outlook program works better than the old version and it interfaces well with my pocket PC . The only negative comment I have about the Outlook program is that it takes a long time to initialize .
 I 've been using Microsoft Word and Excel since it was only available in MS-DOS versions . And I have been using Microsoft Office since it first came out . I had read much dissension from many of the new users of Office 2007 , and put off upgrading as long as I could . Finally I had to upgrade to maintain compatibility with others that I work with.After using it for the last couple of months , I find the transition was not as difficult as I anticipated . Yes , the ` ribbon ' was a little disconcerting at first , and just like rearranging your desk or your kitchen it takes a few days to find where everything is . But there is a logic to the layout . If I had it to do all over again - I would !
 I have used MS Office Professional suites from the 97 version and updated to the present version via the 2003 . This is by far the best one.I can use even my oldest database files with no problems.One of the features I really like is the smart way to create a form in Access and the simplified way to use Excel to analyze data in a database.All in all a good product at a good price.Jan Gustafson , MA
 Very pleased with Amazon . Not only is it cheaper than the other websites but also , on time delivery was crucial for me . The communication was very good also .
 I loaded the CD into my drive and started the setup program , then I sat back and waited for it to complete . It did , removed my old version and was ready to go . This was over a month ago . The easiest Microsoft install I ever did . and I have been doing it before Windows 3.0 .
 When this software was first released , I heard a lot of complaints about the new user interface . I bought this software just before my trial period ended , and I must say that I have no problem with the new interface . I use Word , Access , and Excel mostly , and I really much prefer the new interface to the old . Performance wise , I have not had any problems with these , or with PowerPoint . The only problem I have come across is with Outlook , but it is the same problems I have always had with Outlook . I do n't really like the way they redesigned the user interface on it ; but it is configurable so I do n't worry about it much . I would strongly advise against upgrading any existing Outlook Express programs when installing Outlook . By choosing `` do n't upgrade '' you are not causing any problem with your computer . When I chose to upgrade Outlook Express , I either lost all the mail I had stored in it , or it is stored someplace that I have not yet been able to find.Microsoft Office Professional 2007 FULL VERSIONI am enjoying my new software tremendously .
 The 2007 Office Pro . Took a little time to catch on to , but the time and work you gain back in no time . A great multi task format , with great video instructions .
 If you are like most , we seldom read the istruction manuals and user guides for bicycles , self-assembled furniture , and software preferring to rely on our keen sense of adventure and a maintained level of frustration trying to find things . Microsoft Office 2007 is no different . It has a lot more to offer than the previous versions but there will be a learning curve and you `` untie '' the ribbon to find things that you were use to using before . In most cases , the user interface is a welcome and needed change making it faster to find things and use them.All in all , while we hate the cost of MS upgrades , I feel that this one was worth it . What I did not like is that Visio still drags behind and even though there is a 2007 version of that , I have held off for the significant improvement to come with Visio 2008 that will bring its user interface in line with Office 2007 .
 The Microsoft Office Professional simply builds on the quality and integrity of previous suites . While there are always new features to explore , the reliability and compatibility with previous generations of software make this product five star .
 Works as advertised , a little glitch on install , you have to remove the trial version first -LRB- if you are running one -RRB- . While a little bit of a learning curve for old windows users its feature set and look and feel are an improvement . Also pretty snappy while running Vista Business .
 This is a great program . It arrived in a timely manner and was easy to load .
 Product is as expected , I was testing it with the beta version and it gives me full satisfaction .
 Much better than Office XP pro i have been using and a charm to upgrade .
 The price and product were both very good . Glad I made my purchase through this medium .
 When push comes to shove and you HAVE to upgrade due to client changes , this Office Pro upgrade is a good product . The install was painless and the interface as well as speed on our four year old XP platform is good.As much as possible we are migrating away from Microsoft products and although we have a previous Office Pro installed on our MacBook running Parallels Desktop , I use NeoOffice on the Mac exclusively . We have no plans to upgrade to Office 2007 on the Mac . Heavy duty Powerpoint and Word documents will remain on the XP platform as NeoOffice still has a few glitches with these documents .
 Like all Microsoft Office Suites , great software combination but always can use a bit of work .
 Microsoft Office 2007 is a great product . Although the command look different I would highly recommend this product . I especially like Outlook . Outlook has something called Business Contact Manager . This program is a great additional to Outlook . I have not used Outlook fully , but I do like the changes in the product .
 Who does n't love MSOffice , but get ready ! This is not Office 2003 . The environment looks and behaves MUCH differently . I 'm still getting used to it after a month and there are some routine items I still have n't had the time to work through . I 'm anxious to discover all the improvements and new features , but this is somewhat like using an entirely new environment , particularly in Word and Excel . Mail merge is a particular challenge and things generally are not as intuitive as they were in previous versions . Fortunately Publisher has n't changed all that much , but now keyboard shortcuts work like they should in that program as well - so I 'm generally happy with it . This was a great price comparatively .
 The Microsoft Office Professional 2007 Upgrade was well worth the money , and of course cheaper than you can purchase at a store . I especially like the upgrades to the microsoft outlook and word ; however , I have n't found a feature to stump me and I refuse to read directions.Great functionality and enourmous upgrades to professionalize your documents , and easy to covert .
 When trying to deal with a 20MB Excel file , the magic thing office 07 has done is reduce the file size to 3MB after conversion . It performs very well to run complicated calculations , i.e. array formula . Only thing is that you would expect bit slower than other office version when you open/save copy/paste etc but much faster on calculaitons.If you do n't mind to spend some time to be familiar with new tool bar setting , office 07 is a good choice especially you have huge Excel file .
 I run a boutique IT firm and this is a significant improvement over 2003 IF you run high powered computers with large screens . I really like 2007 and have been using the beta for about 6 months . However , I am sticking with 2003 on my ultra portable notebooks since without a big screen the ribbon is n't useful .
 This version of Office is truely a time saver and a productivity tool . No more ACT!ing up for me or SalesHorceing around . Business Contact Manager is for anyone that needs to manager a large number of contacts and opportunities with those contacts . Awesome job on the interface from someone that was very , very cynical about whether this product would be a true inprovement . I am now going to recommended it to the rest of my staff .
 Suffice to say IMO this is the best version of OFFICE in years ... the improvements to OUTLOOK 2007 make it more than worth it.Save yourself some money and install the FREE TRIAL Versions available directly from Microsoft for testing ... then apply the upgrade ... I personally love it.I have had ZERO problems installing and using it ... but I must note I am using a brand new ATHLON X2 6000 + Build with all new hardware so it was a near virgin machine to install on .
 MS Office 2007 Professional was a big update from Office 2003 but the improvements were worth the four year wait . Even the updated Outlook 2007 that came with Office 2007 made keeping my email accounts up to date and the photo addition was a welcomed improvement .
 I purchased Microsoft Office 2007 Professional Upgrade for one of the employees at work . Most of the software applications are easy to use just like the previous versions of Office . However , some of the functions were difficult to find even for our IT Department . For example , it took a few hours to find out how to join the workgroup for our existing Access Database . So , you do need to allow some time for the user to get accustomed to the new design and functions . So far , so good .
 I am finding that it is not so diffucult to navigate my way around the new programs of Excel , Word etc. . Opening up files - it tends to be a bit sluggish . On the plus side I found Word 2007 seems to do a much better job of lining up indents . In Word 2003 our indents were sometimes off by a half space which bothered us .
 One of the best changes ever . Great formating tools that finally make producing good-looking documents easy . You 'll have to get used to the new interface , but when you do it 's absolutely worth it.Regarding the Ribbon taking space - it 's just about time to switch to higher resolution screens , so it 's not a problem at all.I really liked the new conditional formatting feature in Excel.Enjoy .
 Much improved and beautiful interface , great new features , easy update . -LRB- How can a company like Microsoft release such a great product and , at the same time , release a lemon like Vista ? -RRB-
 It looks like the software designers and development teams at Microsoft have really produced a product that deserves the term `` remarkable '' and `` convenient '' . As a Microsoft Office user for the last decade I have frequently said to myself , and coworkers `` would n't it be nice if Office did this or that '' ... well now it does . I have compiled a list over the years of features and handy tools that I wish were incorporated into the product and I can honestly say that mine and other coworker 's expectations were either met or exceeded . Thanks Microsoft for such a fine product ... everyone on the development team can be proud of the productivity tools they have designed . You could n't possibly go wrong with Office 2007 Pro .
 What a super tool , loaned my computer out to three people to test this great tool out and all three have since purchased and are now using Office 2007
 I recently switched over to Office 2007 on my MacPro -LRB- running Windows -RRB- and eventhough it is running in a virtual machine it is very responsive . The new styles offered make it easy to create a professional looking document and the new UI makes it easy to find what you are looking for . Holding the ALT key reveals keyboard shortcuts and other usability settings.Overall I think I got my moneys worth and then some , looking forward to purchasing some more licenses for the other computers in my office .
 Sorry , I have not downloaded this yet . I am sure it will be fine . Now , 2010 is out , so not sure how much help this review would have helped .
 Because I rely on my computer for a home-based business as well as personal use , it was important for me to improve the system that I had . This upgrade was very easy to do and the transition of files , etc. went very smoothly . I only wish I 'd done it much sooner .
 The end product itself , Office 2007 , is not the subject of this review , but the upgrade process . Most new computers you buy today come with MS Works 9 pre-installed , which is an upgradable product for MSO2007 . However , the upgrade product fails on install and does n't recognize Works 9 unless you first manually download and install a patch from MS. It should n't be this difficult .
 Microsoft Office Professional 2007 UPGRADEThis is an excellent office suite and it is definitely worth buying the upgrade for the savings . The suite of programs are easy to use , integrate well , and are almost universally compatible with other users . Be aware that MS Works can be upgraded which makes this quite economical .
 It 's still Microsoft -LRB- good and bad -RRB- . 2007 office is quite a bit different from the Office XP version that I upgraded from , but it seems to work fine .
 Great product and price - Easy to install and even though it has more detailed icons , they are easy to learn and use them .
 There 's all kinds of cool new things in Office 2007 -- little changes and big ones . I wo n't go into all the stuff I like about it . Keep in mind that you may be a little frustrated until you get used to the new look and where various tools and options are now located.And note that you may need to save your word files in `` compatible '' mode if you want users who do n't have Word 07 to be able to open them.Also , I was horrified to find out that I ca n't synch my relatively new Palm Z22 with Outlook 2007 . I 've also been checking out MS Accounting and Outlook 's Business Contact Manager . These are n't terribly intuitive to use and the accounting program seems a little unwieldly . Also if you do n't have at least a gig of ram it 's very sluggish.I have n't really taken much of a look at excel , access or power point yet but my initial impression is that they look pretty good too.I 've always hated Publisher , -LRB- I use Adobe CS2 -RRB- so I have n't even opened it up yet.All in all I 'd say I like Office 2007 .
 Loved this product from the beta version . Final version works well and has some nice additions over older versions . The only drawback is that there is a new format and can not be read by older versions .
 Received this product quickly , but had to wait to install when my new computer arrived . Works beautifully and saved $ from Microsoft 's price . Thanks !
 I got my upgrade from Amazon for $ 280 . And while it 's a little expensive , it is a suite , not just one program . The changes are great , once you get used to them . If you are a long time user of MS Office , you 're in for a shock . The entire GUI has changed . All the menus are gone and you have a bunch of buttons along the top seperated by tabs . The shock wears off after a few weeks once you figure out where everything is at . The reason I do n't give it full stars is that there was little documentation to cover the changes for someone used to the old style . I was on my own to learn the changes .
 As a long time Office user , it was an easy transistion to Office2007 . The big attaction was the ribbon . It puts tools for a task right in front of you . And these tools change as the document changes depending upon what you are doing . It does add some cool formating and other features not found in the previous version , but the real reason to upgrade is useabliity . I have found it to be useful . Could you do without it ? Sure , upgrading just makes life a little easier .
 If you use Office for basic word processing , an upgrade might not be worthwhile for you -LRB- although real-time word count and contextual spell check are pretty nifty -RRB- . On the other hand , if you use Office for more than typing documents , this product is definitely a must.Pros : -- more user friendly -- Ribbon interface provides quicker and more efficient access to icons that were previously difficult to find -LRB- if you do n't like the ribbon , F1 will make it disappear -RRB- -- Excel offers millions of colors now -LRB- instead of just 53 -RRB- ; transparency in bars and lines for charts/graphs ; WAY more rows and columns . -- Numerous new collaboration features . Seemless integration with Sharepoint and improved document-sharing capabilities . -- improved search features in Outlook.Cons : -- steep learning curve . The ribbon interface is cool and a major improvement , but it is very different from the old menu interface . -- You probalby would not be researching a Microsoft product if you prefer open-source or less expensive alternatives like StarOffice or OpenOffice . Cost , openness , and potential security flaws -LRB- probably just a matter of time -RRB- could be potential drawbacks .
 This was $ 270 well-spent . Some impressions after my first day of use.THE RIBBON . I actually like it . But I am a heavy Office user who recognises button icons easily . Less experienced users might need more time to adjust . However you view it , these context sensitive menus are the only way forward to dealing with complex menu structures . For the menu buttons I really need to hang on to there is the bypass of sticking them in the title bar of the window -LRB- object alignment and distribution in PPT for example , `` send-to-back '' in PPT -RRB- EXCEL . Finally , `` unlimited '' amount of columns
 Initially , I was going to wait to upgrade after reading so many negative reviews . After using it , I think it a great product and the graphics are excellent . It took me less than 5 minutes to decipher the new toolbar and locate some functions , but after that , no problems . I 've never been on a learning curve , with an expert certification , it took me no time to learn these programs . Overrall , I would have given MS Office Pro 2007 five -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars , but they failed to upgrade the toolbar in Publisher . I did not get that . Great improvements to Outlook-color scheme , views of contacts , etc. . The transition of upgrading from 2003 to 2007 went smoothly . Microsoft goes above and beyond , when it comes to customer support . It 's worth the investment .
 What can I say ? Easy to use and install . Had trouble opening the box , but that was all . A lot of new things to get used to , but there are great books out there that can help you . And look on the web . You will find great content there . I highly recommend owning this .
 I 've only had this transferred over for 24 hours , so I would n't be the expert opinion . I can just tell you that this is so cool with everything that it can do , I 'm so impressed . I think that the large buttons and options you can use are fabulous and it 's just plain user-friendly . LOVE IT !!!
 Once I finally received the upgrade -LRB- how long it took to get here is another story -RRB- . I found it easy to install , and I like the new look . It will take a little getting used to , but I have always found that Microsoft makes many improvements each time they issue an upgrade .
 This upgrade is very integrated for TRUE Office work . I was a Beta tester for 12 months and had a chance to find the bugs within the suite . The upgrade portion was really easy -LRB- if you have valid operating system and a previous valid Office product , including Works -RRB- . This is a lot easier to automate Microsoft web site data also . The price is difficult to swallow if you have an existing Office suite , but when you start using the product it is easy to see the change is worth it .
 I am impressed by the features of this new version , but somewhat dismayed at the learning curve to find commands that had been instinctive . I believe that people who are using Office for the first time or are not that familiar with the earlier Office will find this version easier to learn . We old dogs will just have to adapt . I might add that the Professional version contains a lot of programs that are excellent , but I only use about half of them . A new buyer might consider a less expensive version .
 Wow ! I must say that the new office 2007 is way better than the 2003 . It did take some time to get the hang of it because Microsoft changed around the icons and buttons . However , I do like it because now in Word , Excel , and Powerpoint 2007 you can creat charts and you can also preview how backgrounds look before appling to the slide . In the end , I think the 2007 is much more user-friendly than 2003 . I recomend to anyone to buy this product if they wish to upgrade to the NEW 2007 Microsoft Office !
 I 'm a long-time user of Retrospect at work on both the Mac and PC platforms , and I recently decideded to buy another Mac copy for home use . I was quite astonished at how poorly it was regarded in these reviews.It 's true that Retrospect has a steep learning curve . On the other hand , it is extremely reliable , fast and offers one key feature that other backup programs for the Mac lack
 I 've been using Retrospect since day # 1 , maybe for 20 + years . I forgot what it used to be called in the good old days . I never liked it and it used to have quite a few bugs , glitches , and user interface issues . It still does.So why did I give it 5 stars ? Because it works as long as the user is sufficiently sophisticated to overcome Retrospect 's numerous shortcomings.One could argue that a sophisticated user could also use the provided unix tools to automate the same jobs . This is almost true except that the built-in unix tools themselves have bugs and glitches . E.g. , resource forks are ignored by cpio and zip . Even rsync has a serious timestamp related bug . I was told that tar works with resource forks and my experiments seem to support that claim.Why does it work?For instance , I just used Retrospect to copy my huge and very personalized OS X 10.4.9 system disk from A to B and started to use B instead of A as the start up disk . The copy job was perfect , including ownership , timestamp , and permission issues.For instance , after proper scripting , Retrospect does perfect incremental backup and also duplication of all my essential hard disks.NOTE . Be prepared to be milked on a regular basis . It keeps getting fixed and you keep paying for the fixes .
 Why the low ratings ? I have used this for back-ups for years and it 's just flat out the best there is for back-up . Do these `` other users '' really back-up ? It 's really simple and does it all .
 As a independent consultant and longtime user of Retrospect for both Macintosh and PC I can say with authority it is a great product that allows me to provide professional level backup to my clients on either platform . While the learning curve is admittedly steep I paid my dues years ago and could not imagine changing to another product . My only complaint currently is the Mac version of the product has fallen behind the Windows version and is sadly in need of a major update . I suspect this is related to the rapid changes in OS-X and hope they are waiting for release of Leopard to revise the product . Of course the inclusion of the new `` Time machine '' in Leopard may also change the entire game and conceivably even be the end of Retrospect for Macintosh . If Apple provides an easy to use and reliable backup tool as part of the operating system then that could also explain why EMC has not invested in the R&D for a new version as it may become irrelevant . Only time will tell the outcome , the PC version of Retrospect has improved by leaps and bounds over the past few years and the Mac version has barely kept up by comparison . Smart business decisions on the part of Retrospect as the PC market is huge and the vast majority of Macintosh users are unwilling to pay the price of professional level product or invest the time needed to master a product with this much power . It will be a shame if EMC decides to let the Mac product wither on the vine and focus entirely on the PC market .
 I actually have a MovieBox Deluxe 8.0 , that I 've had about 3 years or so . It worked perfectly . Captures from digital cable and all but the very worst VHS tapes wonderfully . -LRB- One day I 'll have to fork over the cash for a timebase corrector . -RRB- My MovieBox 8 still works as advertised , but is making some noise , so I 'm thinking I may need to purchase a new one . I wo n't hesitate to buy another MovieBox .
 I have some VCR tapes that I wanted to copy , edit and burn to DVD . I contacted Dell Computers to seek their advice on what I should purchase to accomplish this task . They recommended the Pinnacle MovieBox 9.0-USB . I naturally went to Amazon to read reviews . Needless to say , the reviews were pretty bad . But , the one thing that I kept reading was that people with machine configurations slightly better than minimum requirements were having problems . Since I just purchased a new computer from Dell -LRB- Dimension 8400 , 3.4 GHz , 1GB RAM , 160 GB HD -RRB- , I assumed that I my configurations were more than adequate to accomplish the task . I purchased the Pinnacle MovieBox Deluxe 9.0-USB . After receiving the moviebox and software , I could n't be more pleased . This hardware/software performs exactly as described and I could n't be happier . I was able to capture my VCR tapes flawlessly , edit like a professional and burn to DVD without any problems .
 I have read the complaints about Pinnacle and I 'll address this in two stages
 I was hesitant to buy this based on the other reviews but then Maximum PC Magazine said it was just fine . I got a $ 70 rebate for it so I thought I 'd give it a shot.I 'm happy to report Pinnacle Studio MovieBox Deluxe 9.0 -LSB- USB 2.0 -RSB- works just as advertised . I have never done any video conversion or editing before nor have I ever burned a video DVD before . This product made it easy.I hooked up my VCR to the device and the film copied right in without a hitch on my first try . I did some minor editing in Studio and created a somewhat complex menu for the video . I then exported to a low-res mpeg that ran just great on Windows Media Player and then burned a high-res image to DVD . The DVD plays in both of my home DVD players and even works on a Mac . Quality of the DVD was as good as the VHS tape.Overall I have not had any hiccups , crashes , or other problems over a half dozen conversions . Well one issue
 Being on a fairly tight budget , I researched the @ &#65533; % out of the various video capture / editing products that are `` out there '' . I visited just about every website on the net that offers reviews on these products . Do I choose a system that uses an internal card , or not ? What about the editing program that is bundled with the internal / external capture device ? -LRB- We have several shoeboxes of 8mm video of our kids that we want to convert to digital , edit , then burn to dvd -RRB- The Pinnacle Studio 9 Moviebox -LRB- USB -RRB- system appealed to me because we have 3 computers on a wireless network -LRB- teenagers , you know ! -RRB- and this machine would be portable , and could easily be moved from computer to computer . Then , I began to read the reviews people had posted re
 I got this to transfer my VHS tapes to DVD format before VHS players were no longer sold . The problem is that video recording is computationally intense . You will get jerky video if you overload the processor.My 1.86 GHz computer was able to capture in best quality MPEG for black and white and best quality avi for color source material after I had done the following things : There are two things not mentioned in the directions that you have to do . When capturing from tape you have to check the VCR box to prevent the video from wobbling left and right . The other is that you have to have the capture device and your external drive on different interfaces , one on USB and the other on FireWire . Otherwise you will overload the USB or the FireWire buss controller and get jerky recordings . Use the test drive button to find which buss has the higher write speed on your drive . If your external drive has nothing on it you want and if you are technically skilled you can do a quick format on it with different sector sizes to find the highest write speed setting.With slower computers you have to disable the preview option . You will also have to disconnect from the network and shut down all programs shown in the system tray including Norton Antivirus . It is best to do a virus sweep with the latest definitions before disabling Norton . Then make test recordings from color and black and white tapes . Start with best quality and then watch the results on the edit tab to look for jerky motion . Try both recording options , avi and mpeg . If both cause jerky motions , try the better option . Then go to custom and adjust the quality % to the highest level that does not have jerky motion.The advantage of mpeg capture is that it takes less room on the hard drive and makes the third tab make movie processing time shorter . The extra storage space is of no real advantage if you do not intend to permanently store the files after you have burnt your DVD . The shortened time in the third tab is no real advantage if you have to do the capture at a lower quality setting.Then on the make movie tab select make file to be burnt later . Then select the burn from stored file to do the DVD recording . Select the external drive for this option or you will get 10 GB of files left on your internal drive that you will have to manually delete if you need the room.If you have a 3 + GHz machine you can use preview , best quality capture and burn the disk while making the movie.Then there was a quirk of my Dell 9300 of its accessing the internal drive several times a minute which caused jerky motion . To overcome this I had to boot the computer with the peripherals disconnected , wait until the boot is finished , and then connect them one at a time . Then I had to wait 30 minutes while the computer did the internal bookkeeping and accessed the internal drive . After the 30 minutes this stopped . Then start the Pinnacle software . One quirk of the software is that it only recognizes devices that are running when the program starts , so you have to have your external DVD burner -LRB- if you use one -RRB- and external hard drive attached to the computer and powered before starting the Pinnacle software .
 Great Product , Could Have A Better `` Pop-Up Block '' System , Otherwise , It 's Still A Great Product !!!
 I like the idea of having good protection from the viruses and ad-ware . However , the downside is having slower processing speed and having blocked links on some web pages .
 Installed rather easily . Need to remove old software before installing new . All went without a hitch . Hopefully if will do its job and safeguard our little network .
 The biggest complaint about this product is that it slows down your PC . If they are complaining that their PCs are taking longer to bootup , fare enough , it does add 10-15 seconds to your bootup , but if they 're complaining that their PCs run slower after Windows has started , something else is wrong.I installed NIS 2005 Antispyware after having used System Works 2005 . The install was problem free , the antivirus software re-configured itself to run with my new purchase , and both products sit happily side by side.Adaware and spybot are bollocks . All they do is list millions of irrelevant and harmless cookies , all of which could be removed just by deleting your cache and cookies in IE or Firefox . When it comes to real spyware , Adaware gets a bit , Spybot nothing.The best free anti-spyware product is Microsoft Anti-spyware , which even has the distinction of removing trojans that anti-virus programs ca n't remove.The best commercial product is a virtual tie between Spydoctor 3.2 and Spysweeper 4.0 . Spydoctor is slighty better , in that it removes commercial keyloggers , something no other package can do . In fact most do n't even report their existance on your PC . None of the free antispyware products block spyware at all , which both of these do very well , in fact if you install them on a clean system , the chances are you 'll get almost no spyware of any consequence.The only all in one solution that works is Norton , and has one huge advantage over the rest . No false positives.No huge lists of harmless cookies , 90 % of which you setup yourself when logging into shopping or banking websites , and all of which do n't need anti-spyware software to remove.It is n't as good as Spydoctor or Spysweeper , nor is it as good as MS Antispyware beta , but along side the free product from MS , it is solid.The only disadvantage it has is the time it takes to scan , way too long , but as I bought this mostly for it 's firewall and antivirus protection , this is n't a problem.Infact I intend to turn off it 's antispyware functionality and rely on Spydoctor and MS Antispyware -LRB- along with extremely limited use of IE - with regular cookie deletes , at least with Firefox , software ca n't be remotely installed on your PC , IE provides direct access to the OS , and therefore direct access to your computer -RRB- . So my PC is running just as fast , no slow downs , everything is fine . As it was a clean build 3 days ago , and with new antispyware and antivirus software , a proper firewall -LRB- not that windows crap -RRB- and careful surfing I expect to be largly problem free for the next 6 months , by which time the mandatory system rebuild will be due -LRB- takes six months for a PC to slow down , which is probably what is happening to these idiots complaining about NIS , and is unavoidable no matter what software you use -RRB- .
 I upgraded from Norton Internet Security 2003 . Tip
 On my P3 600 384MbRAM computer I had been using NIS 2003 in addition to Spyware blaster , Spybot Search & Destroy , and Ad-aware , because I knew from my tech that NIS 2004 or NIS 2005 would bog down that old of a computer to install -LRB- I did n't have enough resources on such an old computer -RRB- . So much hassle to keep them all those programs updated & scanned , but is what one must do in order to stay protected under such circumstances . Fact was , it was time for a new computer as they do become outdated for current usage as technology advances.When I recently purchased a new computer , it came with a trial of NIS 2005 . Of course a P4 3.0 1GbRAM would be able to handle the software & it did so beautifully . When the new 2005 NIS Antispyware edition came out recently , my trial was nearly over but I was so thrilled because I had an even better option to protect my computer now , one where I did n't have to worry about being protected from adware/spyware anymore . I did n't even think for a moment what software I wanted to go with . With $ 50 of rebates , it is the cheapest , most efficient solution . I would pay full price though for the comfort I have in Norton . The rebates are a bonus.As a long-time Norton user , I was used to & appreciate the pop-up warnings when my computer is under attack . I understand that some are reluctant because of this extra effort , but to me I like knowing I am safe . Like any software , a user needs to read the manual to know how to use it to it 's fullest potential . I do n't feel it 's that difficult personally . I actually had a warning this week that spyware was trying to install on my computer , I was glad to see that warning pop up . I feel so much safer with Norton protecting my computer . I feel Norton keeps on top of things & I feel free to use my time for better things when online . I like complete protection all in one software program that updates and scans itself .
 Internet Security is a great program . I would recommend fresh installs over upgrades . Like the title reads , annoyance is the price for security . The product nags a bit and the informational pop ups do get tiring but I would rather know what is going on as opposed to working in the blind.Another note , the rebates are great but make copies/scans of everything and be careful with that you submit . Symantec 's rebate handlers love rejecting rebates for `` missing UPC codes . '' You are going to want to track the rebates so when they do reject your submission you can immediately call them and let them know you have scans/copies , receipts , credit card statements , an Amazon order numbers . Just follow up , they will honor it if you are on the ball with the copies .
 I bought the Norton Internet Security 2004 , and had no problems with it . I just got my 2005 edition and downloaded it , and when I re-booted my computer , I discovered that I had a ton of spyware/malware on my computer that the 2004 edition did n't pick up.So far , I 've had no problems with my computer running slow . I highly recommend this software .
 This is a recently released product , so that 's why you do n't see very many reviews . I 'll tell you , based on my own experience of running Peter Norton 's software since the early DOS days -LRB- 1984/85 -RRB- , there is something wrong with either your Operating System installation -LRB- XP or otherwise -RRB- or your hardware if you ca n't get this beautiful suite running on your machine.I loaded it yesterday on a Pentium 2GHz / 1GB RAM / 60GB hard drive and this is very nice . The protection is comprehensive -- you get Anti-Virus , Firewall , and SPAM in one box . I 'm not a salesperson for Symantec , just a long-time customer of theirs , so I have nothing to gain by raving about their products . One major flaw in their product designs is that they mix and match individual components -LRB- anti-virus , firewall , utilities , disk imaging -RRB- in various different `` suites '' or packages , and I know that can cause problems on systems that have multiple versions of all the Symantec DLLs and all those registry entries cross-referencing each other.Sorry to get too techy , but I think this is an excellent product and they have made great progress since their 2003 and 2004 versions .
 I already had Norton Anti-Virus -LRB- I believe 2004 -RRB- and Norton Firewall 2005 . My contract was expiring , so I decided to upgrade to the combined package . Even though I was basically upgrading Norton products , it still took a couple hours to install.The setup/installation process did not know how to remove the old versions of its own software . It half uninstalled it and gave up , displaying an error message with the typical options of `` Abort , Retry or Ignore '' . I tried `` Retry '' a couple times , with no luck . I then switched to `` Ignore '' . It installed the software but it was n't working properly . I clicked on the link Norton provided for fixing the install bug and it was talking about such daunting options like hacking the registry . I finally went into Control Panel and did the Windows uninstall . This cleared up the problem and I was then able to successfully install . Because I was forced to take this route , I lost most of my previous settings.I do like the software and know I can count on it but have always had problem installing norton products .
 As many people do , I bought this program to update my subscription and my software - I have had no problems so far . Norton has incorporated an element of spyware protection that previous versions lacked ; I do not expect it to be complete protection and will continue to run other anti-spyware programs as well . I have read about installation being a problem , but I had no problems installing on my XP home system . For the price , I 'd say you ca n't beat it .
 I easily upgraded Norton Internet Security 2004 with no confusing menu picks . The new version is much easier to navigate and provides a cleaner interface . I highly recommend it .
 NORTON INTERNET SECURITY was a fantastic security program . Sadly it was one of last versions of Norton Internet Security to work on my computer without slowing it down or occasionally blocking normal internet traffic . When my computer 's hard drive crashed I was forced to upgrade to a newer version . The computer repair technician installed a more recent version that never worked quite as well as the 2005 edition . Even then I was advised by the technician that their version of Norton Internet Security was a `` debugged '' version , which was not similarly available in retail stores.The Norton program contains virus , firewall , and spyware protection . Your purchase , or annual renewal , includes on line updates for a year . I have tried other computer security programs , but Symantec 's Norton product was , by far , the best of them up to that time.The program has one significant shortcoming , and thus the reason why I awarded INTERNET SECURITY only four stars . Year after year , INTERNET SECURITY presents me with a multi-hour installation procedure . When it comes time to either renew my subscription or upgrade to a new edition , I have rarely been able to complete the transaction on line . Part way through the order a window pops up indicating that Symantec site is unable to complete the transaction , or the site is temporarily down.No problem . My backup plan is to order the boxed CD package . Buying the product itself should speed up the installation process . Unfortunately , it does not . In a repeat of last year , I had to install , uninstall , and reinstall the program to even get access to the program . Once it was finally installed , seemingly correctly , it blocked all access to my internet vendor and provided no assistance as to how to regain contact . The slim booklet in the package contains very few troubleshooting clues . I clicked on INTERNET SECURITY 's technical assistance link , but that failed as an open internet connection is required in order to get assistance . Finally , in a repeat of last year 's operation , my internet program opened a window with recommendations on how to customize Norton in order to re-establish internet access . You would think that this was something that Symantec would have included in its own operating system by now.An additional recommendation is that when you install INTERNET SECURITY , make sure that you can access your internet provider before you run the Live Update . During my initial installation of the security program , Live Update appeared to do more harm than good as the Norton program window would freeze on my desktop . A computer restart was the only way to reactivate the machine.Once again , a good product with continued installation teething problems .
 NIS 2005 AntiSpyware edition came with my Dell computer that I purchased that year . While I 'm satisfied with the protection that it gives me , I find that the computer moves very slowly at times , especially at startup . When I start up my computer , I take a 5 minute snack break to make better use of my time . I 've since updated to the 2007 version and observe the same thing . Norton has too much going on in the background , which greatly compramises system speed . For optimum protection with greater efficiency -LRB- smaller footprint -RRB- , I recommend trying NOD 32 Antivirus , available through -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Since installation , computer has run smoother than ever . spam feature might need some personal adjustment depending on how much legit and not so legit email you receive . All features this far -LRB- been running now for 3 weeks -RRB- have worked as advertised and amazingly seemlessly . After reading virtually all the reviews before purchasing , I am thrilled with this product . Highly recommend .
 This product is awesome . Since I installed it there have been NO sperious advertisements Period
 Have used some form of Norton for years . Internet Security 2005 Anti-Spyware version is easier to set up and use than others .
 Good product , works well , easily installed . Prefer this to the other product I had previously .
 well my norton expired ... . so i was trying a free antivirus and free anti spyware ... well the day after i quit using norton my computer started acting horrible ... i could be surfing the net and a window would open out of nowhere ... . i KNEW i had something ... but my antivirus i was using did n't show anything up ... so i bought this ... . ya it cost a bit . . but after the rebates it wasnt bad at all . . and i installed this and had not even scanned yet , and norton had found a trojan on my puter 22 times . . that was without even scanning yet !!! needless to say . . got rid of that trojan , and my computer has worked better than it had in ages every since . . i would recommend this to ANYONE !! buy it NOW !! I LOVE IT !
 I 've recently been reading a ton of complaints around the web about the Symantec Norton Antivirus and Internet Security Suite of software . The following little review has been written in response to those complaints : One of the biggest complaints that I read about Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security is the cost . For me , however , the annual upgrade on Norton Products always ends up free -- at least it has since the turn of the millenium . Inevitably if you wait long enough their rebates come out that make the upgrade to the new product absolutely cost free . This holds true even with their full suite which may retail at $ 70 , but I 've managed to get 5 copies for various computers I manage at a final cost to me of $ 0 . Actually , with Amazon.com because I get a discount because of the A9 search engine , I think I 've managed to earn a couple of bucks by installing Norton Internet Security . Next year , I 'll use the rebates to do the same.With Internet Security , the concerns of many people who are against Norton and Symantec -LRB- especially firewall -RRB- with the exception of the resource hog issue -LRB- Symantec really needs to address this issue -RRB- are handled.Symantec needs to fix their technical service side of things by offering free help of at least some sort . They need to tone down the issues of resource hogging . But as long as they offer me free upgrades every year and consistently maintain virus-free computers -LRB- 6 years virus free on all on the computers I 've managed
 Although the Game Boy Color version of this game is really something , with great graphics , nice music and overall a fun play , there 's no comparison whatsoever to the PC version of that masterpiece . Even though this game is directed to girls , I must admit that I absolutely adore it , mainly because it 's Playmobil and I have been a fan of Playmobil since I was born ! The music on this beautifully crafted PC game is top-notch , too bad there is n't a soundtrack available , I could listen to these beautiful and breath-taking melodies forever , over and over again.The story line of the game is simple , a yound girl by the name of Laura finds a diamond which in reality is a lucky charm , but for it to work she must light it up by making the people around her happy and bringing happiness to the people in her little town.The game graphics are excellent , UbiSoft has done a wonderful job bringing the Playmobil Victorian Dollhouse to life . Game play is simple , anyone can play it , there 's little or no reading required so you do n't have to worry about your young ones not been able to play properly . The only problem is , however that this game is pretty old , so if your computer is too advanced , the game will play poorly or not at all . This game will not work with anything past Windows ME , so if you happen to have Windows XP or above , do n't bother buying because it will not work.Overall , a game that will bring several hours of fun to boys and girls of all ages , playing it over and over is a delight . Also , make sure to check out the real Playmobil adventure on ` Hype - The Time Quest . ' Be quick though ! These timeless , digital masterpieces are rapidly disappearing and becoming very hard to find .
 The program is great once you learn to use it . It comes with no guides . The online instructions are a little hard to find and lacking in detail . All of the third party books -LRB- `` For Dummies '' -RRB- do n't come out for months . Does anyone else remember when programs used to come with a `` How To '' Guide ????
 Sharepoint Designer is a very useful tool for those looking into Sharepoint design . It is intimidating and will take some time to understand , but it does allow for a very wide range of customization once you know its ins-and-outs . Microsoft has released Sharepoint Designer free of charge now . So you can save your money and spend it on the much-needed reference guides !
 do n't buy this . microsoft has released this for free now . just google it . the software pretty good for a free product ! i use it for all sorts of websites , not just for sharepoint . i love the fact that you can do `` split mode '' where you can see the code , and the WYSIWYG .
 Microsoft distributes SharePoint Designer for free . As mentioned by others , save your money for some books so you can figure out how to use it ! This software is not user friendly.SPD has a steep learning curve , but once mastered , is a powerful tool for manipulating SharePoint . If you 've never used custom workflows , read more about it - they can automate a lot of data movement between lists -LRB- among other things -RRB- .
 This has made working with certain parts of Sharepoint development very straight forward . This is a great product if your into web development .
 I cut my HTML teeth on the predecessor product called FrontPage and was at first disappointed when it was replaced with SharePoint Designer . The main reason was I used the built-in ability for FrontPage to display the final view of the website without having to launch the browser . This was a minor issue and certainly not enough to outweigh some of the newer functionality that SharePoint Designer includes . There are many newer products that provide similar website design capability such as Dream Weaver but I still use this tool for most of my website design .
 I use Sharepoint Designer 2007 at work and thank goodness they put me through a beginner 's class first . I highly recommend it if possible . Sometimes this program has a mind of its own and it can be a real pain to work with but I really enjoy using it . You get used to the craziness.By the way , using only manuals do n't cut it . They gave us one in the beginner 's class and if I had just been given that with no hands on training I would n't know what I 'm doing .
 I was desperate for MS Publisher to complete a Classic Car project.Amazon had the MS Office for Small Business at very reasonable price . The saver method of transportation was free . The product arrived in 5 days . What more could someone ask for . Great job Amazon !
 Excellent software . Can make my own professional-looking business cards , greeting cards , newsletters , and even my own web site , and so much more .
 It is was it says it is and it does what it says it will do .
 The MS Small Business 2007 is fantastic . I like the appearance and the MANY tools and applications that can be used to create professional presentations , work on spread sheets or just send an E-mail which also has great features.I give it 5 stars and recommend it for small business users , students and individuals .
 This is exactly what we were looking for . It has helped me get our small business off to a great start . Thank you much !
 Ordered product and received in New Condition as expected . Rec 'd in approximately 1 week .
 I have had my own business for the last 11 years , and have always used Quickbooks . this version provides more functions than I use , and I will be interested in learning how to use them to help cut costs from my payroll company , and book keeper .
 I know it 's fashionable to put down new products from Microsoft but this is worth the the learning curve for the nuances .
 I 'm starting a business , and chose to buy the full version rather than upgrade because of the price . I 've been using Office XP and Office 2003 for years ... Office 2007 is significantly different , and I 'm still fairly low on the learning curve . There are some things I 'm sure I could do , if I just knew how ... and some things I just wish were done differently . That being said , the programs clearly have far more capabilities than I will ever use , but I felt this was a good time to bring my software up-to-date . I use a Palm PDA , but I decided to switch my calendar and contacts over to Outlook ... partly for some additional features , but also because Palm seems to be abandoning it 's Palm Desktop application .
 I like most of the updates to office . Not thrilled with the `` tabs '' but got used to them .
 Took me several calendar days and a couple of phone calls to India to get this puppy installed . Seems my MS Vista Ultimate 45 bit felt this package 's installer was of suspect origin . Got that ? Security is so tight that despite multiple edits of the registry no go . But we were getting closer so . . One morning before my scheduled call to India , home of all secrets Microsoft , I attempted to install ... the bar kept filling up ... looking good ... Oh noeees ! Error code ... Now when you get the error code you also get three buttons to push to select what to try . They are ... AbortRetryIgnoreI sat there for a minute and then the great techie in the sky spoke : ` Retry , Retry , Ignore ' Thus I did and ... the install completed itself and shows no problems to date.What 's it all mean ? I really do n't know but if you Google this issue you will find that I am , as Napoleon said , Lucky!Not smart .
 This software is required for school work and future employment . Since I 'm already familiar with earier versions , this one is easy to use . I like the consistency of the command ribbon , tabs , and options between the parts of the suite .
 It is what it is ... not Office Professional , but then it did n't cost what Professional costs , either . The most needed/wanted programs are there . They work the same way they would in the higher priced version , so what 's not to like ? As for performance , Office is a much less difficult program than Vista . Buying that was the worst mistake of my life . But that 's another story for another time .
 The computer I bought had Home and Student free trial installed on it . I think it caused some problems because I did n't uninstall the trial version first . It should warn you when you 're installing , but if you have a different version of office on your computer , make sure you uninstall it first .
 Microsoft Office Small Business has all the basics and works great . Relatively easy to learn and once mastered is huge time saver .
 Once you get use to the new layout of the tool bars , they are okay . I really like the word and powerpoint tool bar . First time I installed the package , I failed to include the clip art . Needed to re-install package.The main issue is the new file extension -LRB- ie. , docx -RRB- which will prevent older versions from accessing your document . You need to saved your documents using the older version extension if others need to access the document . That is a BIG PAIN . I do n't understand why MS created a new extension for Word , powerpoint , Publisher and Excel .
 I have used Office products throughout my career . Now that I am undertaking the responsibility of my own business I wanted a software program that would do it all . I tried out trial first and poked around alot to make sure it would be worth the investment . I have been pretty happy with it over all . The only reason I would n't give it five stars is because I have n't yet used the accounting program yet .
 Book arrived in stated condition and prior to est. arrival date . Does what was expected .
 This software pack is excellent for small business owners
 i have found there is a leaarning curve when upgrading from a previous addition of Office . The biggst difference is the grouping of functions , and the use of toolbars instead of drop down menus . But once you learn where funtions are located it is very intuative.The program also backwards compatable , in my case i updated from `` Office 97 '' with no problem .
 bought it for my son 's sixth grade project for the powerpoint software . -LRB- he loves a pc for gaming -RRB- he was rapidly able to negotiate the program once given a basic overview how to . interestingly , it could n't handle quicktime files that i created in final cut pro . had to convert to avi format then no problem . The final presentation was really nice . great transitions . no major problems . however , I still think that keynote / apple presentations are the best .
 I am not a professional reviewer or a tech guru , but based on my experience with this product I am very satisfied . I love the new interface and how easy it is to work with documents and apply formatting with such ease . I have only used it for a month now and I still have to use some of the applications yet . If you have the money and will love to have a new Office Suite that can give you some happiness working with documents every day , go for it .
 I love the MS office products , although upgrading to the 2007 version was easy , I am finding the learning curve for the newer versions a bit more cumbersome than I 'd expected . So be ready to do things a little different and keep your owners manual or your help button at the ready . I found it easier to just look for help than to try to figure it out on my own .
 The product works fine so far . The only thing you should know is that this is not the version you 're probably used to seeing on the shelf . This is in fact an OEM product which seems to include all the features as far as I can tell . I need to explore it a little more ... You wo n't receive the cds in that pretty white/yellow box as shown , so if you plan to get this product . Know It wo n't come with manuals or support . It 's recommended to more technical users . I would just say that you will end up buying books and watching tutorials with the retail version any ways . There 's so much to this software than you can learn from a little manual . I would advise you to think about it and get more info see if this is right for you . I would n't pay more than $ 250 for this sort of version . That 's how I see it.More info can be found here ; -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have a client who uses a product which needs to integrate into outlook . Outlook 2010 did not preserve the prior integration interface and is n't backward compatible with this product . ARGH ! So we have to use outlook 2007 . Unfortunately it looks unlikely a new version of the product is going to happen any time soon , even this long after outlook 2010 came out.So much for maintaining some backward compatibility for add-in 's across versions . In this instance Outlook 2007 has been a `` hero '' for this client , but Office 2010 has been a `` Zero '' .
 Microsoft Office Small Business 2007 is a great product . Easy to install over older versions of Microsoft Office and the navigation upgrades make Excel and Word faster and easier to process spreadsheets and documents .
 What can you say about Microsoft software ? It is well developed and works well . This version has everything I need for my applications . As usual ... it is somewhat bloated -LRB- but what is n't ? -RRB- and my only real complaints are in having to re-learn the interface for V2007 . There was n't really anything wrong with the way it worked before . The changes were OK , but not really necessary . Now I have to dig to find out where some of the more unused commands are . -LRB- Like protecting sheets and cells ... etc. . -RRB-
 Microsoft Office 2007 is a nice upgrade to Office 2003 . There is a learning curve , which is to be expected . It takes a while to learn all of the procedures and processes in 2007 , but once you are familiar with them it is a good product .
 The order came in a timely manner and in excellent condition . Thank you Amazon for always giving great service and providing quality products . NW
 Bought it for the contact database feature . Still trying to get used to it . Looks effective at first glance .
 All the haters are just a bunch of weirdo computer geeks who complain about software , but could never write anything better themselves . They should focus on getting a date and leave Microsoft alone . This is a well thought out product and you should be happy that you purchased it . I sure am !
 Have used this version of Microsoft Office Small Business since 2009 and really like using it . Just bought a new copy to load on my fourth computer .
 Item was as described and arrived in the estimated time . I was happy to be able to still purchase the 2007 version with all that was included .
 I bought the Office Small Business 07 because I need the Publisher and felt that the 07 would work fine for us and NOT spend the extra money to get Publisher on 2010 .
 The product arrived on time and in good condition . The only problem I had was uninstalling the old Microsoft Office 2003 system I had on my unit . The new install routine did not uninstall the old program and I had to uninstall the 2007 program then manually uninstall the 2003 program . Once I got the old program out the new one installed without a hitch and has been working without no problems so far -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . Good service from the retailer and I am very please with this purchase .
 It appeared to be a second-party partner which I did not recognize and I was originally skeptical , but optimistic given that all my other varied purchases on Amazon had turned out great.The product arrived on-time and was everything as advertised - NIB MS Small Business Office 2007 . All hologrphic labels , S/N , etc. and installation was quick and flawless.I 'm still running MS XP Pro SP3 and it performs great on my PC , but since Office 2007 all the layout/navigation as moved toward the ` ribbon ' and I needed to get familiar with that format . The additions to PowerPoint and Outlook were what drove me to make the upgrade . PowerPoint has added many layout/format/graphic additions -LRB- Themes -RRB- that are really attractive , and this version of Outlook includes Business Contact Manager , which provides many extended features to Outlook .
 Office 2007 is the best way to do business . I create everything except videos using these tools . Get it while you can . 2010 comes soon and all the new software issues start again .
 I can not transfer Outlook calendar from Outlook 03 to Outlook 10 . It 's a pain .
 I have always been a Microsoft Office user . This product is very robust and offers great resources for creating and to easily use the options .
 I am glad I purchased this product through Amazon . I did not only receive my shipment within 24 hrs , but I was able to save over 100 dollars from the retail price advertised even directly from Microsoft.The software was easy to install and the user guide is very simple to follow .
 I am in love so far with small office 2007 . No problems at all . I recommend this product .
 I had been looking for Microsoft Office 2007 , small business edition for a couple of weeks . The local stores I went to , did not have it available -LRB- only the upgrade -RRB- . The download was available , but I preferred getting the disks and was still comparing prices when I found the one on Amazon . It was exactly what I was looking for and I saved a lot of money . Thank you .
 The instructions were easy to follow and the programs are just what we need to continue working from home .
 After spending days reviewing everything I could find about Small Business 2007 ... from the videos at the Microsoft site , to reviews from the private sector , chatting with Microsoft pre-sales to ask all my questions , 1-800-426-9400 , -LRB- about 7 times over 3 days -RRB- and the reviews on Amazon , I decided to take the plunge.While reviews from some folks left me concerned about leaving Office 2003 behind after 3 years of heavy daily use , I pressed on.I was glad for the tip about cutting through the clear tape -LRB- it 's hard to see its there -RRB- around the hard plastic package in order for the red tape/tab to be pulled to open the box.The install went great . Tip - if you have a previous version of Office on your machine , remove it from your system using the control panel - > add/remove programs . After the removal is complete , re-start your machine before installing 2007 . -LRB- Some of the pre-sales folks at Microsoft told me 2007 would install over 2003 ... . wrongo ! -RRB- Initiating Outlook was easy . 2007 remembered all my settings from 2003 and all my folders , sub-folders , signature files and settings and installed them intact . Very nice . -LRB- I did make a . pst back-up from 2003 and did n't need to use it . I do think however , it 's a good idea to have a back-up . -RRB- I 've already created some very cool graphics and training forms that I could n't do in 2003 . Probably a ` user deficit ' ! So I guess this bears witness to how intuitive the interface really is for me.A lot of folks are bashing the new ` ribbon ' interface and talking about it functioning slowly and it being difficult to use . This is not my experience at all.I have only 512 MB of RAM on the XP OS and 2007 runs no differently than 2003 . . no lag time or hour-glass waiting ... even with changing between word - power point - and excel docs all open at one time . I guess it depends on what other programs you have running in the background - drawing off your RAM resources . I do n't let anything run in the background except for my anti-virus program and printers . Everything else I open as I need it from my start menu . This is all in how you 've configured your start up options as your computer boots.The ribbon menus are very straight forward , and with mouse over tells you exactly what everything does . Also , if you 're in word and want to do something you used to do in 2003 and ca n't figure out how , you can type this phrase into the search field inside word - > `` Office 2003 Interactive '' -LRB- without the quotes -RRB- . This will open a window in your internet browser that will have a view of 2003 . You click on the menu selection or item you used to use in 2003 , -LRB- right on your screen , this is why its called ` interactive ' -RRB- and it will show you what you need to do in 2007 to achieve the same task . That 's pretty handy.All in all I 'm pleasantly surprised . I feel I made a good buying choice after doing my research.My recommendation is to do your own research , and look at the videos Microsoft has available which demonstrates how 2007 is different . At least this gives you a visual.http : / / www.microsoft.com/office/newday/default.mspx?WT.srch=1&WT.mc;_id=DF7DDF87-E82B-4DFF-B637-7A7198470DCE -LRB- If this link gets chopped up in the post , be sure to copy and paste the whole link into your browser . -RRB- And : http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/products/FX101635841033.aspxChat with the pre sales folks . If you have a question that is technical in nature and they ca n't answer it , they get you in touch with a technical expert specific to the program in office your inquiry is about , at no charge to you . Also you can always download a free trial , and if you do n't like it at the end of the trial do n't buy it.I really felt a social obligation to write about my experience to help those who are on a ` due diligence journey ' as I was . Hope this has been helpful . ; - >
 I 've been using the beta for a while now , so I know that I like Office 2007 . PowerPoint 2007 is especially exciting and new ; Word and Excel do n't seem that different to me.However , I just bought the full version and I COULD N'T OPEN IT ! I felt stupid until I found out that I was n't alone . Even with instructions that I found on the Web , I had to call Microsoft . There 's a transparent label over the top that you need to remove before you can pull the red tab to open the box , but you ca n't remove the label without tearing the Certificate of Authenticity on top -LRB- which I might want if I ever sold it -RRB- . In the end , I had to take the point of a scissors and squeeze it between the cracks on either side to slit the sides open.Next , I put the CD in the drive and nothing happened . I 've never knowingly turned off autorun -LRB- this is a Vista machine -RRB- . I had to go into Windows Explorer and double-click setup.exe.Finally , there are two disks , but no clue anywhere that I can find what the second one is for or what it contains . The installation instructions only mention one disk.It was a frustrating beginning .
 Excellent product and improvements . I particularly like the way Microsoft has positioned the navigation/utility buttons at the top - very intuitive . Everything is in one place - no guessing where to find it!However , you must remember that when `` sharing '' your documents with people who do not have Office 2007 , you must save it as Office 97-2003 or they wo n't be able to open it.As usual , Microsoft has made this task easy .
 I 've used various versions of Word and Excel for more than 15 years . This version looks quite a bit different , especially in the menu bar . But after a brief learning curve , the functionality is improved and I use fewer mouse clicks and keystrokes to get a menu item accomplished.Several months ago I bought a Fujitsu ScanSnap S510 which is a great product . I mention it here because Word and Excel both have specific menu functions related to Adobe Acrobat -LRB- a fully functional version comes with the ScanSnap -RRB- . The ability to create a pdf document from within Word or Excel with two mouse clicks is probably the feature I like best about this version of Microsoft Office .
 I buy ENCARTA every year , and BRITANNICA from time to time . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I know that most folks `` outgrow '' encyclopedias around high school . While encyclopedias are great for little kids writing reports , they 're just not useful enough , detailed enough , or comprehensive enough for adults . That said , Encarta 2003 is still a great all-around reference source for all ages.To me , the World Atlas is worth the price of the suite alone . It 's insanely detailed with 1.8 million places . You can get anywhere by just spinning the globe around with your mouse , then using your mouse wheel to zoom in and out . Speaking of which , you can zoom in insanely close -LRB- to the point where small villages listed start appearing on the map -RRB- . That makes it incredibly fun just to pick a country at random to explore in detail.The encyclopedia section of the suite is also very well done , plus it 's updated on a weekly basis . Once again , it 's just fun to browse subjects at random and then click on related links to just keep the adventure going . There are tons of multimedia extras such as tens of thousands of photos , graphs , charts ... you name it.The only real weakness is the Encarta Dictionary , which wo n't be mistaken for the Oxford English Dictionary anytime soon . Encarta is the most basic of dictionaries . Definitions are not as comprehensive as they should be ; words that should have several definitions only have one in Encarta . So if all you 're looking for in a dictionary is correct spelling , I suppose Encarta does the job . But if you 're looking for something to use for serious etymology , or if you want a heavyweight dictionary in general , Encarta Dictionary is not up to snuff and it is not even close to being in the same class as the OED.Okay , that nitpick aside , I 've saved the best part of Encarta 2003 for last ... You can save the entire program to your hard drive -LRB- provided you have 3 GB to spare -RRB- . That means you no longer need to insert the DVD disc into your computer . To me , the biggest hassle of using Encarta in the past was having to dig up the DVD disk and then swapping it with the disk currently in my computer . And if all I was looking for was just one article , it was frankly easier just to open up a web browser and search the Internet . Now , I do n't need to sweat it , because all of Encarta is stored locally on my hard drive . That means browsing just got a ton easier since I can launch the program anytime , even when I 'm listening to a music CD in my DVD drive.So yeah , you may have outgrown encyclopedias years ago , but Encarta is still a great reference tool to have on your system .
 My test run with Encarta was a search for information about Mary , Queen of Scots . The subject is on the obscure side , so I was delighted and surprised to find information enough to support a college-level essay , bibliography included.Encarta 's library includes a `` talking '' dictionary of English , which is quite good enough for ordinary purposes . Pronunciations are typically American . I run it minimized , while writing , for easy reference . English-Foreign Language translation dictionaries are included , too . The languages available are French , German , Spanish and Italian , but the vocabularies are not comprehensive and there are no pronunciation guides . A Thesaurus and a Book of Quotations are tacked on , also , but neither is first rate.Much is made of the World Atlas , and I agree that it is very good for large land masses . For local maps , it falls short of other programs that the Internet makes available at no cost . A redeeming feature is that the world 's large cities are shown in considerable detail.A feature called `` Researcher '' is designed to let a student collect , organize and compose term papers and the like . It should be a godsend to any undergraduate who seeks to maximize literary production while minimizing literary effort.In sum , I intend to keep and use the program . For most purposes it is sufficient and it is an excellent starting point for scholarly research at any level.It can be installed directly on a hard drive , if there are three gigabytes of space to spare . I did that and have been rewarded by quicker access to information and liberation from CD manipulation . If you choose to follow in my footsteps , be sure to defragment your hard drive afterwards . The installation wizard really leaves a mess!Wugo
 I 've been a user of Microsoft Encarta Encyclopedias since 1997 , and I think that the Microsoft Encarta Reference Library 2003 DVD is a dream come true product ! The 97 edition of Encarta was impressive however very limited by the small amount of storage space the regular CD provided . In their 2000 edition they committed the horrid mistake of expanding the encyclopedia into two CDs . Articles are stored on both CDs so you did n't have to switch them if you 're just reading text , however if you wanted to open a multimedia attachment most probably you would 've had to switch CDs . That was very frustrating and I hated the Encarta and stopped using it . The updates were a bit worthless as well because they were n't integrated into the encyclopedia 's articles , but instead were provided as a separate section called updates ! Very useless!But in 2003 , all those mistakes were overcome with intelligence and style ! The DVD provides a vast amount of storage space that you rarely find an article of significant importance without a couple of multimedia attachments . Only now I realize how the need to switch CDs did impact the appeal of the previous encyclopedia , for now whenever I 'm bored I just slip the DVD in and browse.The updates are just wonderful ! Almost every week you have about 500K of new updates available for download , and they integrate seamlessly with your existing articles . This is a REAL up-to-date encyclopedia . For example , only one week after the Columbia shuttle disaster , I opened the Space Shuttle article in my encyclopedia and found a whole section about the Columbia disaster and its possible effects on space exploration programs ! That 's what I call an updating encyclopedia ! And for those interested to know what updates they have downloaded so far there is still that section where it will provide you links to updated and newly added articles.I 'm an average user who has an interest in almost every science on earth . I read a lot and I 'm not usually satisfied with short essays or fragments of information . This encyclopedia provides me everything I 'm looking for ! The essays are comprehensive and the search tools are very efficient and helpful . However if you 're a NASA scientist and is looking for an integrity assessment of the ecncylopedia 's quantum physics articles then I ca n't really help you with that ! You might want to read what your colleagues wrote about this product.And if you 're among those who claim that multimedia content is for children only then you probably have n't used this encyclopedia and you 're still reading from your old fashion 200000000 pages dust-collecting books ! You probably have n't used the 3-D virtual tour of Abu-Simbel shrine in Ancient Egypt where you can observe the scripts on every wall in complete detail . You probably have n't enjoyed the beauty of the 2-D pictures of Pompeii where you can even lie to your friends and tell them that you were actually there . I can also bet that you have n't tried the time-line feature which is nothing less than a spectacular tool for history buffs like me.Another feature that I discovered recently is the World Atlas . In previous encyclopedias , this used to be a boring feature that merely provided limited geographical information . This however is a treasure of information ! It will provide you visual maps or charts of all statistical studies and known facts you can dream of ! Everything you wanted to know about global climate , population , economic , political , or religious data is available in detail and up to date!In short , I received this DVD a month ago and until now I keep discovering new features that make me appreciate it even more and feel better and better about the money I spent on this invaluable software . I wholeheartedly recommend buying it ! Enjoy !
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I have had it for 6 months , used it a lot , and feel that I have n't gotten through 5 % of what it has to offer . The articles are evidently not - and could n't be - the last word in comprehensiveness , but there are links for further reference etc. . Beautiful software , great reference , fun , informative , resourceful . I wished I had had it as a teenager . Totally happy with it .
 I guess better late than never , right ? Well this was cool back in the day , but most of the content is still relevant . I mean I 've seen people have encyclopedias from the 60 's on the shelves .
 For that time before Wikipedia :--RRB- While not as complete or up to date , the articles and features are still richer .
 This product is simply amazing . From the 3D Tours , to an incredible Atlas , to the dictionary and foreign language translator , you ca n't beat it !
 I was looking for good encylopedia and i found it . The content is very good and it is very easy to use . A MUST HAVE !!
 Excellent product ... . offers hours & hours of fun exploration -LRB- Encarta Games & Quizzes -RRB- and learning . Yet to go through the Africana section . Overall , a must buy !
 If you go to the Microsoft news group and look under Pictureit you will find that `` Picture It ! Publishing Platinum 2002 Anniversary Edition '' is nothing more than `` Picture It ! Publishing Platinum 2002 '' renamed & packaged . I have `` Picture It ! Publishing Platinum 2002 '' and the programs has many bugs in its templates section which put little red squares where graphics are supposed to be on lots of cards . Other than that it 's not a bad program and does offer some neat picture editing tools an effects with lots of publishing project templates for many projects including web pages . It also can use almost any clipart graphic format you find on the web pulse Microsoft offers a large clip art library on the web for downloading from . It also has quick links to Microsoft Photo site for posting your pictures on their web site . Printing is a snap because of the many paper manufacture templates it supports . Just a few simple steps like picking print to special or regular paper , set you printer special settings then what brand of paper and pick form there listed templates which then gives you the option to print one project for the page or many different ones . Making animated email with sounds of one or multiple panels could not be easier even if using your own pictures . To have objects move around takes nothing more than picking one of the preset paths or make your own . There are also many enter & exit effects and these can be set to any length of time you chose . You can pick to have a sound play for the page and/or for each object and the duration it plays . It 's not Adobe PhotoShop or Elements but not bad for simple picture editing and making animated email cards . If you want a simple to use program to make Cards , Labels of any kind , animated email . . ect and play with your pictures specially if your buying it for the kids it 's a very easy program to use but if your really into digital pictures then go for something more powerful like Adobe PhotoShop line of picture software .
 I love Paint Shop pro and use it for nearly everything , but I also run Picture It Publishing for several reasons . First off , the lettering is superior to PRP . I get a sharper titling with this program , especially on small titles where PSP tends to look fuzzy . It is very easy to control . PSP make you know what size you wish things when working in layers . With Picture You , you just add the image or titles and then you can make adjusts of all layers at any point . Save it in Picture It format , and you can come back later and made changes and adjustments as needed.Also , many people complain PSP is too complicated for them to learn . This program is very simple and provides you many of the features and effects you get with PSP.So if you wish to improve your photos or create projects with them , but do n't want the hassle of learning a complex program , this simply to use photo/paint shop is very nifty indeed !!
 My daughter wanted to purchase publishing software for a Girl Scout project . I checked in our local stores for the best buy ... number of graphics for the money and types of projects it could create ... and I decided on this version of Picture It ! So far , I 'm pleased ... we both find it VERY easy to use . Love all the graphics and it 's easy to change existing projects ... pictures , texts or effects . Especially like the ability to remove `` red eye '' from photos .
 I 've used this on a previous job I had and loved it . That 's why I wanted it for my computer at home . It 's great for practically anything you want to create with your computer . Especially if you homeschool your children or work from home .
 I really use this program for anything and everything . It is very versatile . I use it to scan pictures into , for plain storage or to modify . You can of course do all of the regular `` photo fixers '' you can imagine . Sharpen the focus of the picture , change the brightness , get rid of red-eye , crop it , paint something , cut something out or off , add a border or text , and I could go on and on . You can even make it into a black and white picture or a painting . You can also use your scanned photos for all kinds of things . You can crop out a person and place him/her in another scene or backdrop behind with added objects on top -LRB- for them to hold or wear -RRB- . You can take the face off of a person and put it on another body . The sky 's the limit . I also use it for clip-art . It has a huge selection of pictures to use for any and everything . You can also make anything with this program , such as birthday cards , invitations , etc. . I also use it when I need to print out text for display on my children 's science fair projects or when I have to teach a lesson . Plus , I can add a cute picture or two relevant to the topic . It 's great . I really use it often .
 Purchased Picture It after reading about it on Cnet.com , which gives it the highest score as well as an editor 's choice for photo editing suites . The program is easy to use yet packed with a seemingly unlimited number of features . Most of the time you wo n't be lost because the user interface is pretty straightforward for novice and experts alike . It 's also well integrated with MSN and as an MSN 8 subscriber , I find the synergy very helpful , but you really do n't need MSN to take full advantage of Picture It . The promotional ads come up from time to time , and that 's one thing that Microsoft should ditch to make the software even more friendly . If you need more unbiased info , read CNet 's review .
 I love this program ! I use it constantly . I 've not had the `` slow response '' and `` locking up '' problems that others have had . We have a powerful computer with lots of RAM , maybe that 's why . You 'll need lots of memory if you store your picture on your hard drive , they just take up a lot of room . I find this program easy to use and easy to navigate . I make my own picture post cards for every holiday -LRB- Easter , Valentines , Birthdays , St. Patricks , Fourth of July , etc. -RRB- and my family just loves them ! In fact , they look forward to them . I also make my own invitations for family birthdays , dinners , etc. . You can add all kinds of things to pictures -LRB- dogs , flowers , hats , props -RRB- and you can really dress them up . I took and old military picture of my Dad and put the American flag in the background using it as a border/frame ... it 's a very powerful picture . Then I just clicked `` order prints '' to have them printed on-line and my 5 X 7 photo prints of my dad were delivered to my house . How easy is that ?? I 've sold two members of my family on this program and they love it , too ! You can make brochures , flyers , greeting cards , postcards , photo album pages , picture frames , calendars , photo web pages , invitations , business cards , banners , newsletters , stickers and much , much more ! Try it !
 I love this program and have not found another that can do everything as easily . It creates beautiful borderless cards implementing my photographs as well as some good graphics of its own . I also use it for creating my own graphics for websites . You can save your work as a jpg easily . I do have a problem once in a while with slowness .
 I am very impressed by this product . Althou not very obvious , you may do a lot of picture editing like with other much more expensive packages . It takes a bit of getting used to , like with other packages . Tons of quick and fun projects at hand - very impressive !!!! Basic install in from 2 CDs , but if you get into it very seriusly , you may want to opt to install all 5 CDs with the projects so that you do n't need to serch for them when needed.It comes with Black/White book with pictures of projects/graphics on CDs for easy reference - wish it was in color .
 I buy Encarta every year , and Britannica from time to time . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 It is n't perfect , I 'd like to see a few things made easier for make web page designs , and some of the new features do n't work as good as they say , but I LOVE this program . It has tons of templates and you can download more for free . It 's really easy to make cards , newsletters , pages for books , web sites , invitations ... you name it . I can insert full resolution photos and it will reduce the resolution for web pages as needed . It lets me add my own html code easily and the new navigation bar design features are excellent . It prints beautifully on all my 5 different types of printer . I made an alphabet book for my grandson and it printed the pages , front and back , perfectly . I took them out of the printer and stapled them , did n't have to sort anything . The print quality is excellent . The file sizes are much smaller than previous version and you even have the option to optimize all you photos and clip art to reduce file size even more . I think this is a great took for the computer at any price , no matter if you 're a novice or expert .
 If you have a computer with any newer version of Microsoft , i.e. `` Home and Student '' or etc. you can use this upgrade item . It sure beats buying the costly `` All In One '' Microsoft Office . I like it very much !
 I have used MS Publisher for many years . It has been a very useful , creative tool and is my default application for all text/object layout requirements . It facilitates much easier , more flexible positioning , orientation and manipulation of text , tables , graphics and photo elements than Word.I have been using Version 2000 successfully with satisfactory results , but I felt it was time to update/upgrade to Version 2007 to obtain enhanced features . One of these is the ability to open more than one document at a time , just as you can with Word . Another nice feature is that the program shows small icon views of previously opened documents as a way to quickly locate and open a recent document . And , the program will convert documents created in previous versions.Why not 5 stars ? The `` improvements '' are far from dramatic . And , because it 's Microsoft , it does have a typical complement of nuisance aspects . For example , if you set custom margin/grid line settings for a document and switch between views , the program reverts back to its default margin/grid line settings . Annoying , but not a killer . A previous reviewer nailed it by observing that it seems the people at Microsoft who do its applications revising and `` upgrading '' ca n't possibly be heavy users of those applications . They are programmers who think that fiddling with a program and change for the sake of change is desireable . For once , they should actually consult with end users before designing/revising their products . But , when you 're nearly the only game in town , why bother , right?Heavy duty graphics professionals will probably still stick with Quark or equivalent programs . But , for most other users with a need/desire to create layout documents such as signs , forms , business cards , brochures or newsletters , MS Publisher 2007 is a powerful and relatively convenient tool .
 This is just what I needed . It was nice to be able to buy the upgrade only . Amazon had the best price .
 I like the changes to the Publisher 2007 ; the drag and drop feature for clip art is great . That saves so much time ! The ease of changing direction of text or graphics is always something I have liked about Publisher . Keep up the good work ! I use this program for just about everything so I want something that will accommodate all the steps I need .
 I have been using Publisher for several years , and I use it more than any of my other programs . I normally print my photographs from publisher , after working on them in Photoshop . I do corparate brochures that I have printed for the customers in a comerical print shop . It works well and they also have Publisher so any last minute changes can be made before printing . I also do two newsletters and I do all the layout here and then print them as a PDF file to be E-Mailed or make paper print for mailing .
 The product was shipped on a timely basis and it worked beautifully . We were able to incoroporate the new version without any problems .
 Microsoft Publisher 2007 Version UpgradeThis was excellent software and performed exactly as I needed it . I had an older version of Publisher that had a lot of problems and was n't satisfactory for my need .
 Publisher is still a great work horse for creative publications -- new version is just a tad cumbersome -- and , at the same time , somewhat easier . Go figure . In addition to the church newsletter and various graphic projects , I actually design many of my quilts with Publisher ! It 's so easy to manipulate graphic images and text selections .
 Microsoft Publisher '07 is wonderful . I am using it without too much tutorial use and am finding that it is easy to maneuver through the newsletter I am publishing . I think this product will be a very good tool to use for many purposes .
 Changes are so great and good that they are hard to imagine . We love the new product and wish we had made the upgrade earlier .
 I 've been using Publisher for a long time and it 's worth it to keep up with the updates . Does n't have the `` ribbon '' though . That 's a mistake - I think .
 Microsoft has come out with an excellent follow-up to the 2003 Publisher . However , -LRB- ! -RRB- Amazon sources charge less for the exact same product than does Microsoft . Hurrah for Amazon !
 I am glad I have this as it helped with some HP scanner problems with Vista . I still am waiting for a better book to explain all the new functions of this office program .
 So far so good . I mainly use it for our church bulletin . Now I 'm making a pictorial directory with it .
 I wanted Microsoft Publisher . I by mistake ordered 2007 version upgrade . So I returned it and received my money back . I will try to order again the correct product .
 Not much can be said for Microsoft Outlook that has n't already been said.No problems and the software does it 's job as expected .
 This version of MS Outlook works well . I can incorporate more than one e-mail account . The calendar works well and helps to keep me organize . The contacts works well , I can organize my contacts write notes . Overall MS Outlook 2007 is wonderful.YMBennett
 Love it ! Would find it difficult to stay so organized and on top of bills , appointments , family member birthdays , etc. without it . Well worth the money spent !
 A few bugs but what would you expect from Microsoft ! A pretty good and powerful piece of software .
 I have been using Outlook for a very long time and I have to say that the interface of this version is extremely appealing , the security of it is very good , and it has a lot of amenities that make it fun to use . The only thing that I have been having problems with is with the feature of the stationery ... I ca n't seem to find how to change it or disable it . I do n't like the stationary that was imported from my old Outlook and I ca n't seem to be able to alter it . Other than that ... I give it an A !
 I absolutely LOVE this software . I am still in the process of learning it , but love it so far and can tell I will love it more as I learn more about it .
 The new Outlook is what I remember the old Outlook to be . I bought it to do mass mailing of my monthly flyer , but it will not work with the other software I have to successfully send individual emails through a mail merge . So I 'm back to square one on that front . Otherwise , it provides the same basic functions it did before , with some of them a bit more user friendly now .
 I have had mixed feelings about Amazon.com at first , because I do not really trust or do online shopping , however , I tried it , and I was very much content . Packaging was neat , labels were right , products were originals without a nick on them . I love it , I am happy I got the best deal of all offers on internet . I will deffinitely be back . THANK YOU Amazon.com : -RRB- MuffinAdded on Sept. 23 , 2008I have tried Microsoft Office pack for one year now and I have to say I am very pleased . One note is a great way to keep all of your notes in one place . You can consider it one big notebook with tabs customized to your needs . You can easily find all of your notes . The program is interlinked through Microsoft Outlook , Word , and Excell . Synchronization feature enables easy sharing between other One Note notebooks your friends / colleagues have . What I like the most is the idea of keeping everything organized , unlike storing your Word/Excell documents in a folder/subfolder etc. . . I love the video/microphone feature allowing me to record short movies , or sounds . Clipping feature will easily clip/paste a part of any image on your display whether it is Internet Explorer , Picture , Document or even a Desktop . Just clip and paste . There are all the basic features Word program does as well , so you can change your fonts , colors , settings , tables , you can change the stationery , colors of the tabs , etc. . Absolutely fabulous . So far I have never seen anything like this with so many easy-to-handle features . A great advantage is the fact you do not have to read any manuals , you can easily explore on your own . The program is so easy to handle . `` Ordinary People '' friendly :-RRB- ...
 Microsoft Outlook 2007The product was delivered in a timely fashion ! I would order from Amazon.com again !
 this was such a lifesaver.I bought a black berry storm to replace my treo and I unfortunately have windows vista . so I ca n't hotsync my treo with the computer . I have over 1000 contacts and 500 memos . I was able to manually type them into the computer rather than the black berry by hand . I am so happy I bought this .
 I wanted to buy this software and Amazon had the best price . I love Outlook 2007 .
 Before installing Outlook on my Sony laptop with Vista , I had problems getting my calendar to transfer from my desktop to my laptop and my iPod . I learned that Outlook -LRB- not Outlook Express , which I now use on my desktop -RRB- is the Gold Standard for E-Mail , appointment calendar and contact functions . So , I put it on my Sony VAIO , which has Microsoft Office 7 -LRB- but not one that has Outlook included -RRB- installed . It was easy to install Outlook and easy to use . I still have to pretty much enter my Palm contacts manually -LRB- where I have about 400 detailed entries -RRB- . This is because you can only transfer one at a time and it only picks up the Business contact info . I do like the functionality of the E-Mail , Contacts and Calendar and it is very user friendly . Also Outlook can transfer data to my iPod Touch , with reminders included . So , although not perfect , it seems to be the best option for me to update my calendar . I probably will also install it on my older desktop . I believe it will work well with an older version of Office -LRB- 2000 -RRB- but may loose a little efficiency , which probably wo n't be a problem for me .
 Keeps me organized . I have used it for years -LRB- in previous editions -RRB- and it keeps gettintg bettr and better .
 This item -LRB- Outlook 2007 -RRB- was purchased for use in a company environment . We already are using this product and it works very well for us . The purchase was smooth and quick and the price was good .
 I have been using Outlook for almost ten years now . The program just getsbetter with each issue
 This was the first Outlook version for which I took the time to explore the full functionality . Makes sending/receiving email from all your accounts easier .
 I just bought my 2nd copy of Outlook 2007 . I really like the many more email color categories , and you can assign your own name tags to them too . Much easier to use , runs faster , better features . On the downside no documentation and MS online documentation is incomprehensible . I wound up spending an hour on the phone with MS support . If you are already running an earlier version of Office with Outlook , you must first go to add/remove programs and change office to make Outlook un-available . Then and only then put in the disk and install . Do it any other way and you will be very sorry , all kinds of error msgs . and even your previous version of Outlook will no longer work . And yes it does import your msgs . and settings from your previous version . I run XP
 I loaded Outlook 2007 over my Outlook 2003 and it coexists just fine with the rest of my Office 2003 applications . I have not had any problems with the programs or sharing information between them.While I do not see the advantage to upgrading the entire Office 2003 suite Outlook 2007 has given me a better view of my appointments and makes it easier to track my to-do list.I recommend the change to people that use Outlook consistently but do not want to change their entire Office Suite .
 I have tried it on windows vista where it was slow , I did a clean install of it on my windows xp system -LRB- meaning I did not import my old files into it -RRB- and it is swift and excellent . I then imported my most important folders like contacts , my mail folders with the most important information . I really love the new outlook it has a lot of nice new features . I did n't have to remove any features to make it work well as suggested on microsoft sites . I believe this is either a vista problem or a problem with people who import a large . pst file to start out with .
 Hi program is really great but so is Outlook 2003 . The graphics have been changed and modernized like the other Office 2007 products . Compared to the 2003 release the graphics are sexier . I bought it only because of the Calendar function which is useful to a team we have at work . You can create multiple calendars and share them online with your team members and they are perpetually updated every time you `` send and receive '' . The calendars also have the function of being overlayed over each other to see who is where ; or free on any given day . This is the sole reason for the purchase ; but if you do n't need this function then do n't spend your money .
 I do n't care for the MSN Live stuff that is being pushed out there . Windows Mail , Calendar , & Contacts are not worth your valuable time in my opinion -LRB- more clicks = increased wasted time -RRB- . Outlook puts all of it together into one convenient program -LRB- fewer clicks = reduced wasted time -RRB- and THAT 's what I need and like . Every Office Suite ought to include Outlook . If yours does n't , then the investment in this extra is required . In other words , Microsoft has found a way to bilk us for extra dollars and increase shareholder value ; confound them.Buy Microsoft Outlook if you must .
 Too many conflicts between 2003 and Vista Home Premium . Bought MS Home and Student 2007 . Discovered too late that it did not include Outlook . Amazon conveniently had a special on 2007 . I bought it and am very pleased with Amazon and Outlook 2007 .
 I moved from Outlook Express to Microsoft Outlook 2007 and have been very pleased with all the upgraded activities that I now enjoy . The Search Desktop is a tremendous way to quickly search my voluminous documents and find immediately the file I need . The calendar is also an effective tool . Thanks Amazon for the best price on the market for this product .
 I have Outlook at work and found it so user-friendly and helpful that I ordered it for use on my PC at home . Too bad I did n't know that you need to have Office -LRB- which I do not own -RRB- installed before you can install Outlook . So , now I 'm saving up for Office and feeling really stupid because I already opened the packaging and ca n't just buy the bundle now . Hopefully this review has been helpful for some and entertaining for the rest !
 I have tried them all and keep coming back to Outlook.Microsoft got it right with this product.The spell checker is even better now , recognizing such things by context as form when it should be from.It also does a much better job of checking only the newly added text instead of trying to check the entire thing including previous included text.The Office 2007 Ribbon interface is a bit of a learning experience but is well worth the effort.You are allowed to activate 2 copies , one for the laptop and one for the desktop is my setup . I would not have bought it if not for that and suspect many others feel the same way .
 I bought Outlook 2007 after a trial installation . It works and it works well . As part of my work I send and receive a ton of email . I use the task manager and calendar features a lot . My wife and I synchronize appointments weekly and Outlook 2007 manages it all well.The look has changed slightly from previous versions . Microsoft seems to favor what I 'd call a little more `` cartoonish '' look , probably more familiar to a Mac user than Windows . Setting up Outlook is straightforward - once you figured out how to open the box . I still have to marvel at the complexity of this task . I suppose the warning label `` if you ca n't open this box you probably should n't be using this software '' should have told me -LRB- that was a poor a joke - but the box is a pain to open -RRB- . Outlook allows you to presents an `` all you need to know '' view with mail , tasks and upcoming appointments conveniently displayed on one screen . You can color tasks and appointments to reflect priorities or individuals which makes it convenient for people who like to `` glance '' . For email , I use the traditional folder view on the left with the contents at the top and the preview pane at the bottom . Processing rules are simple . Right-click a message and `` create rule '' . You can also flag junk mail , a convenient addition to any anti-spam software you may have , though you 'll probably end up with two different `` junk '' folders.Like previous versions , Outlook gets very processor-intensive when sending/receiving or archiving . I use a fairly high-end four-processor system stuff with RAM and I still feel Windows hesitate when I see the little `` flying envelope '' in the task bar . I archive manually because the system becomes almost unusable when Outlook archives.I love the new calendar . It feels more `` friendly '' and arranges multiple appointments side-by-side . Add a color for each type of appointment and it 's very easy to manage . Ditto the tasks . As with other MS products , there 's a lot of customization available , tool bars and buttons to add and little bells and whistles that you 've come to expect from them.There 's an `` instant search '' feature which can be enabled . It speeds up searches through vast numbers of folders and archives . However , I find it easier to use the search without it . I do n't do that much searching and I think the indexing process slows me down.Adding and managing email accounts is much nicer than previous versions . Signature management is also very nicely implemented and I like the fact that while signatures are tied to email accounts , you can mix and match them on the fly as needed.Okay - here 's the reason for `` just '' four stars and the cons . Outlook 2007 is almost right , but it would n't be a Microsoft product without some drawbacks ... When saving attachments to the computer / network , Outlook feels it necessary to recreate its browsing index , usually at the most inconvenient time and it can take several minutes to run.There are periodic crashes . Outlook shuts down , you get the `` did you want to let Microsoft know '' message and then it restarts and runs along okay for a few weeks . Never been able to figure out the crashes . Nothing seems to be damaged or disabled as a result.It should have been part of Office - especially at the price.So , if you 're a heavy email user , this is a product worth trying . The 90-day download gives you all the features and enough time to get a good feel for it . Despite the couple of annoying features , I would n't switch back to a previous version . It 's the best version to date.Dave
 Amazon has best software prices . Warning
 I bought this to work with my Mororola Q in order to keep my appointments and other information syn . with my computer . That way I can add something to either and not miss something on either . Has worked better than I could beleive . Would definetely recemond .
 Very happy with old version 2007 . Just what I was looking for because I was used to it . Although I 'm not afraid of change with any of the computer versions , it 's just easier to work with what I was accustomed . I am very happy with product and with seller . Would buy again .
 Product was just as advertised , brand new and sealed in original Microsoft plastic case . It was just what I needed as the computer it was installed on had Microsoft Office 2007 Home & Student Addition and I wanted the same release of Outlook to go along with it . It installed easily and is working great .
 I just bought a new PC and I did not like the Trial Version.Outlook 2007 is just what I needed , and I love , love , love it .
 I wanted Outlook without having to pay a premium price . Buying the most current version by itself was very expensive , and I did n't really need it . This 2007 version is perfect , and the price was right . It even came with Business Contact Manager , an added feature I have n't used yet . It fits perfectly with my 2007 version of Microsoft Office .
 Before I chose this product , I read some of the reviews . Some said that they had trouble upgrading from 2003 to 2007 . I had no problems what so ever upgrading on my Windows Vista . 2007 looks better and acts better that 03 . VERY happy with the purchase !
 Bought this for my mother . She 's running Windows 7 and has Office 2003 . The local cable company would no longer support Outlook 2003 because Microsoft no longer updates it and the cable company could not guarantee security . Without Outlook , and getting her mail through the cable company server only , she was getting all this spam that she was n't used to . Outlook Express was not an option , Windows 7 does not support that . Backed up her Outlook 2003 , installed Outlook 2007 , and all of her mail , folders , and address book went right into the new Outlook . No major problems , it did what it was supposed to do and Mom is ecstatic . It has things she will probably never use , but also has some new features that she 's come to like .
 Outlook is a great program if you want clean downloads for your email program . Better than any other program that I have used . Would recomend for anyone . Seller ships quick and great communication.Thanks P. Woods
 Sale was easy , product arrived quickly . Item was as described . I have installed the product on our PC and have been using it successfully . Thanks .
 Since I 've used Office XP 's Outlook a bit , I sort of knew what I was getting . I liked Outlook Express as it worked for me as a e-mail app and had a small footprint . When MS decided to drop Outlook Express in Win Vista and Win 7 . I really missed it . I had some working knowledge with Outlook and knew that I would have things in there I would n't use , but the e-mail client would work for me . The two e-mail apps provided in Win Vista and Win 7 just did n't suit me so I decided I 'd get Outlook 2007 as I had Home & Student 2007 . I had no problem installing it on my system -LRB- 2.8 gig P-4 , 2-gigs RAM -RRB- . I took the full install including the contact manager which I more than likely wo n't use . I was careful to try and take a conversative course in the installation . That is , I tried to stay away of sitting everything up at once . I 've got it installed as the default e-mail app on Vista and Win 7 and it works great . I like the preview pane on top and it was no problem setting it up that way . I imported my address book into the contacts with not to much trouble . -LRB- I do n't use a web based e-mail if I can help it . -RRB- Overall , the whole installation process went really well . I 'm really happy with this purchase .
 Very happy with the older version of Outlook -- great price/value for what I need . Very easy install and I have found none of the problems some reviewers noted .
 Although it took a couple of weeks to learn , Office Outlook is superior to Outlook Express in every way ... It has a lot more features once you learn them ...
 love it . i really only use it for the calendar but it 's exactly what I expected & am happy with it . my palm pilot wouldnt work on IE7 , but this does . fyi - old programs do n't work on IE7 even tho they tell you they will , they dont .
 Microsoft Office Outlook 2007 provides you with a comprehensive time and information manager . Using new features such as Instant Search and the To-Do Bar , you can organize and instantly locate the information that you need . New calendar sharing capabilities , Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 technology , and improved access to Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 information enable you to safely share data that is stored in Office Outlook 2007 with coworkers , friends , and family , no matter where those people are located . Office Outlook 2007 makes it easier for you to prioritize and control your time , allowing you to focus on the things that matter most . This article provides an overview of Office Outlook 2007 , with an emphasis on new and improved features .
 I knew what I was getting having had Outlook on another computer so it was the quick service that made this deal work for me ... Thanks
 Because the other MS Office applications were quite different from their 2003 version , I was surprised with the relative few changes with Outlook . If 'd realized it , I would n't have made the upgrade until later
 Product came as expected , It works fine and I have enjoyed using this Product . Amazon is a super place to buy from . I have been a customer for quite awhile now . Thanks Amazon !
 My husband and I both have blackberrys , so we use Outlook to sync our schedules . There are some new features to the updated version , but it is easy to pick up .
 PACKED SAFELY ... WORKS EASILY FOR MY CALENDER ... IT DID RECOVER ONCE WHEN I THOUGHT WIPED IT OUT .
 The product is what I expected , although somewhat difficult to use . Outlook has so many features you really need to read up on them , I believe anyone without much computer experience will find it difficult to master . I am very pleased with my purchase and intend to learn all I can about the features .
 I was n't sure what to expect when installing the MS 2007 Office Upgrade software . I have had some really challenging upgrade software installations and was expecting this to be just as difficult . To my surprise the installation was smooth and did not require much time , though there was a significant amount of time required to update the software once it was loaded , but that just comes with the territory.Amazon provided a great product , at a great price , and recieved it earlier then expected . I would recommend Amazon and Microsoft Office 2007 Upgrade to anyone.A satisfied customer .
 Microsoft Outlook does everything it 's supposed to do . It merges information and helped me sync my PDA phone .
 I live and die by the contacts in my Plam-based cell phone . Since Palm really has n't updated their operating system to operate properly with MS Vista Ultimate and Office 2007 , it does take a little tinkering to get these to sink properly . But there are work-arounds - including an Outlook 2007 patch.As usual , Amazon delivered quickly - as promised .
 I really enjoy this update . It has some new features such as a voice to let you know if something `` fishy '' is trying to come through .
 We purchased this as it was needed for my wifes blackberry and while Outlook seemed to work fine the interface between the phone and the desktop version never really worked as well as we would have liked
 The software worked perfect and it was what i wanted.So is to see your email . Doesnt put to much garbarage on the desk top.Thank you again
 I have been hemming and hawing for awhile about upgrading to Office 2007 . I was particularly cranky about having to purchase Outlook as a separate product to avoid paying $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for the most commonly used Office applications . Thankfully I waited just long enough for the price to drop to a reasonable level . I am also happy that my purchase will include a free upgrade to the soon-to-be-released Office 2010 .
 This is and excellent product . I received the item in only a few days and FREE SHIPPING .
 This has worked well except when sending attachments to fellow scientists who have n't upgraded . They can not open the attachments.P.S . Am I eligible for the free 2010 download ?
 I purchased this program after attending a class on how to use it correctly . I had n't known what I was missing , by using `` Outlook Express '' and `` Windows Mail '' up 'til now !
 A great value for the price . I looked for a while and found that Amazon definitely had the best price ! Very easy to install .
 Microsoft Outlook 2007 allows me to check my email and manage my appointments easily . The only caveat I have is that if you use Microsoft 's Hotmail , you will have to download the Outlook Connector from Microsoft as they are trying to steer their Hotmail users onto web-based-only email . If you use any other email service , it 's seamless and your email account can be setup to work with Outlook quickly . Overall , I would highly recommend this product .
 I have always used Outlook too bad it does n't still come with Office software . I guess it is a sign of the times
 MS Outlook 2007 is a great email plus program . However , I am still having issues with using it for all my email accounts -LRB- i.e. Live Mail , GMail , Yahoo -RRB- . I have set up the ports as instructed , but still it wo n't connect to pick up mail . Had to put that on a back burner , too frustrating to deal with right now amidst other more important matters . Maybe someday I will get back to it .
 Outlook works with Vista . I will be trying it out with Windows 7 as soon as i get the time . It appears to be more then I had hoped for when I bought it . I had no problems in dealing with the company . The orginal ship date could not be met but they contacted me by email explaining they were out of stock . I received it before the second estimated date . I would buy from the same company again . I do n't mind a delay when I am informed . Stuff happens as they say .
 Since buying Office Home and Student 2007 a couple of years ago I tried to live without Office Outlook . Unfortunately Outlook was not included in this program anymore . The `` replacement '' ONE NOTE is , in my opinion , not very satisfactory . So finally I bought the Outlook 2007 and am very happy with it . However , I am still disappointed that it was not included in the Office Home and Student 2007 program . I think that was a mistake and I came very close to buy something else . Next time , in a similar situation , I probably will.PeterMicrosoft Outlook 2007
 Despite other folks ' comments , I had no problems installing my Outlook 2007 on top of Office 2003 . The interface is nicer and it does n't have a problem I used to have with 2003 . I wonder why I did n't get this sooner .
 I have found MS Outlook 2007 to be a very good tool in working with my Palm 700wx . I am able to keep up with calendar events and contacts at my desk and away . I would recommend it to anyone using a compatable smart phone or PDA .
 While it has it 's quirks , for my purposes , Outlook 2007 takes care of my scheduling needs and syncs well to my phone . I do n't use it for mail because it seems to `` disappear '' an occasional email . Other than that , I find no problems at all .
 Delivered on time , works great and now i can even tie it into my moto-Q cell phone
 Great product . Just wish that Microsoft would include this in ALL of their Office bundles , rather than making us buy it extra .
 It is just exactly what I ordered , however , the packaging left a lot to be desired . The it was packaged in a plain uncushioned envelope and arrived with the plastic case surrounding the discs totally destroyede . Fortunately the discs were still useable .
 The installation of this product was very wasy with the current MS office 2007 . Have not had any problems so far .
 I previously had Outlook 2007 , but my computer crashed . Once it was fixed , I tried installing Outlook , but a DLL file was missing . That 's why I purchased another copy of Outlook 2007 . I do n't know what I would do without Outlook . It 's a part of my daily routine and I would be lost if I could not keep in touch with other people and friends .
 The new outlook is very easy to use and has helped me get organized with tracking tasks and filing . Amazon beat the delivery date by several days and I am very happy with the service .
 Fast shipping was needed and that 's what I got . There 's nothing I can say more about this super Microsoft product . Love it , Use it daily , ca n't live without it !
 Product arrived quickly w / it 's product key . Priced at a comfortable price compared to retail stores . Got ta love Amazon !
 ... you better have enough memory on your PC for it to work properly . If you only have 2 GB or less , do n't bother . U need 4 or more for it to work great . I 'm also running on Windows v. 7
 Amazon shipped this item a few days before it was due . The software was new , unopened and worked exactly as advertised . It was also quite a bit cheaper than retail .
 I received exactly what I ordered , and exactly when they said I would receive it .
 Excellent - Microsoft finally created an Outlook Backup file that can identified , located , and used . That was the main reason I upgraded to 2007 .
 Great program . Combined with Office Home and Student this has given me all the programs of Office Standard plus OneNote for over $ 200 less than Office Standard .
 I purchased this stand alone version of Outlok 2007 due to the fact that I initially ordered Home & student Office suite 07 without realizing that Outlook is not included in the suite . . doh ! Regardless , the amount i spent is still less than the Pro Office suite . I had no issues as some of the other reviewers here . Install - no problem , integrates with home and student suite - no problem . Shiping was fast - no problem !
 I 'm not a business user but I was looking for a balanced , stable , powerful email/calendar client . It just works , and I am mostly pleased with it . I 'll list my pro/cons . Pros : - Nice email client - quick to sync with my Gmail -LRB- I use POP because my Gmail 's IMAP refuses to function correctly with any client I have used , but that 's another story -RRB- . - Interface is mostly good . Easy to switch around , and I 'm glad they did n't switch to the ribbon bar ... drop downs fit Outlook well.-Very secure - never loads images or actually anything by default . File previewer works well.-Runs in the background quite well . When minimized in the system tray , Task Manager says it 's using 49k-RSS is satisfactory . I might switch back to using the built-in RSS of my Opera browser , but that 's just personal preference.-Calendar is well integrated with both Windows and Mac filetypes . Organization and task tools are simple but still highly customizable.-I love the integration with OneNote . The way it links appointments to notes is just great ! - Contact management is just great . These guys have made it a fine science.Cons : - Takes far too long to start up the first time ; as much as 45 seconds by my count.-Price is not competitive . Needs to be 50 dollars or less to really be a good value -LRB- I got it for free hehe -RRB- . - Typical redundant Microsoft interfaces are in full force.-Slight learning curve to the interface , as is typical with Microsoft interfaces ... they sacrifice intuitiveness for speed . I think it 's a good idea but some people might not .
 It 's got everything the up-to-date Outlook should have . However , be carefull that the product key works ; mine did n't and I had to call and get a new one .
 Outlook 2007 will sync with Ipods and PDA 's enabling one to utilize calandar and contact information , while you are on the move . It also enables you to keep track of daily events . This program works smoothly , no lock ups or problems.I highly recommend this product.Richard
 After switching to a new computer running Windows 7 , I decided to upgrade some of my software since it had `` issues '' with Windows 7 . After reading the reviews for Outlook 2010 on Amazon and finding most of them negative , I decided to look in other departments when I came across a few reviews mentioning Outlook 2007 . The reviews stated that Outlook 2007 was `` the last of the great upgrades for Outlook '' while the newer upgrades had bad ratings . So , I set out looking for a copy of Outlook 2007 , not expecting to find a copy 5 years out of date , when I lucked out ! It was listed as `` Microsoft Outlook 2007 -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- . I was hesitant to get it , what with it being 5 years old , but since I did find it on Amazon , I knew I would not have any problems returning it if there was a problem with it . It was bought through Amazon and shipped from another Seller and actually arrived a day earlier than expected . I got it loaded , setup , and running in no time and I have never looked back ! I am glad I got it and it is working flawlessly ! Yes , I would reccommend Microsoft Outlook 2007 and Amazon.com .
 A great upgrade from Outlook 2002 . It takes a while to index everything , but after that the search feature is awesome . Love it and it was a good price . Very happy
 I had Outlook PST files from my last job that I could n't view on my home computer . After googling to see if installing Outlook 2007 on my home PC would allow me open my files and not finding the answer in `` black & white '' , I decided to go ahead and order MS Outlook 2007 due to my confidence in Amazon and the low price that I was able to obtain this product.Not only did it install easily -LRB- Windows 7 Home Premium 32 bit -RRB- , work with and interface with my personal email provider , but I was able to open my PST files with ease and now have the access I needed to emails from as far back as 2003 ! If you are in the same situation or just need an easy interface to your emails , you can buy this product from Amazon with full confidence it will work for you .
 Installed without a hitch and automatically synchronized with my hand held both contacts and calendar . I was ecstatic .
 Loaded Outlook on my Vista OS laptop with no problems . Love the program . Even better , all I read on the internet said I would not be able to sync my smartphone -LRB- mobile 6.1 OS -RRB- with Outlook - even 2007 . But not the case - syncs great , no problems .
 Great email client , ca n't complain ... Except that I find it annoying that you ca n't have the quick search functions without installing windows indexing ... Other than that , outlook 2007 is similar to previous generations , still very good .
 Improved look and feel . Much easier to set-up email accounts . Easier to organize and manage high volume of messages .
 It 's great to have the same functionality at home as I do at the office . For years I 've been `` making due '' with outlook express . What was I thinking ! Well worth the small investment & when combined with MICROSOFT HOME & STUDENT 2007 ... WHAT A WINNING TEAM .
 I loaded Outlook 2007 and contrary to some of the reports I 'd read I had no issues and its use is just as intuitive as the last version .
 I updated from Outlook XP , and it has made my life easier . It is very user friendly and has many extras that XP did n't have . Also , I have no problems while sync my blackberry and Windows Mobile divice .
 easy to install and a very smooth transition from outlook 02 . F. SerajRedondo beach
 excellent product it took care of all my e-mail and information storage needs easily.NUFF SAID
 To begin
 I upgraded to Outlook 2007 when it was released because I needed some of the features that it provided . In my experience , Office 2003 and Outlook 2007 co-existed without any noticeable problems . I have since upgraded to Office 2010 Professional ... and the beat goes on .
 I needed Outlook not the whole office system . I had already Office 2007 and do n't see any need to upgrade to 2010 . Outlook 2007 is to sync to my Blackberry and manage my contacts . This product is very solid in calendaring , and contacts . Do n't waste money buying more Office than you need .
 Needed a later release of Microsoft Outlook then I had in my 2002 Office suite running on XP-SP3 . Upgraded with this Amazon purchase with no problems found .
 Product arrived safely packaged , a couple days earlier than the tracking had stated , easily downloaded , and was in original packaging as noted . As stated on Amazon all commemts were true . Was a good bargain .
 The item was as advertised . I would use this company again . They have been good to work with on questions .
 Received the product in a timely manner and had no problems loading it onto my computer and start receiving emails on Outlook .
 As advertised . Received it in just a couple of days and in excellent condition -LRB- used software -RRB- . No problems with it !
 We have been using the new Outlook for a couple months with no problem - except reestablishing the mail lists was a pain . Other than that , it is fine .
 Easy to load . good promps when used with Vista operating system.Be sure to check -LRB- leave on server -RRB- if you have other email recieving addresses such as Yahoo , google , etc.If you want to retrieve emails from other sites .
 Helps me to stay organized , syncs my smartphone with my computer . It was delivered as promised . I 'm happy
 I bought Microsoft Outlook 2007 for home use because I had used it while at work . Now retired , I found myself missing the power of this program . Some of the online email sites were very slow at downloading my email and I found that frustrating . I can now connect with three different email sites and download them at the touch of one button and in less than a minute . I can also set it up to do auto downloads at set intervals if I want to . The calendar is very good to use as well . I can download other internet calendars , which I do , for my favorite pro team game schedules as well . Installation and setup was a breeze . I do n't see any cons after this purchase .
 Product was easy to install and I was up and running in no time . Had used the 2003 version previously and bought the 2007 version when I got a new PC . Not that much different then the older version . Everything transfered seemlessly . If the price would have been lower , I 'd have given it 5 stars .
 I 've used outlook at several locations & love what it does.Thanks Amazon for the great price .
 Like the whole new 2007 Office Suite it takes a bit of getting used to . However from the get go things are so much more intuitive with Outlook.Scheduling meetings is easier.The look and feel of the mail , calendar and contacts are by far easier to navigateFlagging for follow up is easier and the ability to set and personalize flags is quiet easyI love how much easier it is to set the out of office notification.It is just easier to navigate and meets my needs so much better.So far this is the second best update in the Office Suite -LRB- Power Point being the # 1 best upgrade -RRB-
 The purchase price on Amazon was lower than any store in my area . Install was easy and product works perfectly .
 outlook is great ! my wife 's email was web based until i brought her outlook 2007 . she ca n't imagnine being without it now . she uses task manager her email is easier attaching photo instead of uploading them is so much better.our young boys can check email by just opening up outlook . we love it
 I was using Outlook 2000 and was very happy with it until I couldnt sync my new Blackberry . The Outlook 2007 solved my problem of syncing but will take me a little time to get comfortable with the updated Outlook . It looks like a great product .
 The product is as it says , a formal office environment - there are no social networking features that have taken over many of the web mail programs . I think that Outlook is far easier to use than many of the other products and there are no annoying advertizements cluttering up my email . I love it .
 It took me a little while to get used to Outlook 2007 . I was used to using an older version . This software has some nice features , but it also has some features that I will probably never use .
 I have been using Outlook 2007 since it 's beta version . It is such a huge improvement over earlier versions . I would recommend it to anyone ! I have used it with XP and Vista - I have had NO problems with either operating system .
 We use Outlook at work exclusively and only makes sense for home . It 's easy to sync my cell phone with the my home computer . I also have it on my hom laptop . I would recommened Outlook to everyone .
 I was leery of buying this as some of the reviews were less than stellar . I wanted/needed the Outlook mail and calendar functions I 've grown to love while working in the corporate environment . I 've tried a number of email clients , some with calendar features , and none of them ` floated my boat ' . When I found that MS made a personal Outlook client that was well within my budget I gave it a go , even after reading the reviews at Amazon.What I DID N'T DO was install the extra Instant Search features -LRB- and other junk -RRB- and Outlook works quickly and does exactly what I need it to do ; operate as an email client and work as a calender reminder ! I currently have 6 different email clients and have n't had any issues -LRB- except when I forget to shut it down during the day and ca n't receive personal emails at work . LOL !! -RRB- I highly recommend this package as it also allows up to three clients in you home so it 's a real bargain IMHO !
 I 've used Outlook for years . It may take a while for me to get used to this new version , but I intend to hang in there till I do .
 Microsoft Outlook 2007 is an awesome piece of software . The application is user friendly and it looks so much better than Internet E-Mail .
 Wonderful . Use this at work and wanted it for home . Works great with Vista . Would purchase again .
 I 've used Microsoft Outlook at work for several years . This year , I decided to use it at home . Microsoft Outlook has helped me organize my life and it can also help you .
 I have been using Microsoft Outlook for recordkeeping , contacts and scheduling for numerous years . It 's a terrific program !
 We purchased this for the home end of my husband 's business . This allows us to keep track of where he needs to be and I can finally help him keep track from day/day and week/week . A tremendous help to keep everything tracked from one place !
 It does just everything I need a personal info manager to do . Deal with e-mails , keep a calendar , a journal -LRB- captain 's log ? -RRB- , Post It style comments , and a contacts list . The e-mail portion -LRB- most important piece -RRB- can delay messages sent and create HTML letters . What it ca n't seem to do is `` on the fly '' autospelling.The next biggest drawback is the price . At $ 100 it 's way overpriced for a standalone portion of Microsoft Office . In fact , if Microsoft priced it at $ 50 - $ 60 more people would have it installed on their PCs . I thought selling the product was the point of this capitalism thing .
 The second Cranford DVD is a great continuation of the first - just not long enough !
 To-Do Bar , inline attachment preview , search -- what else do you need to upgrade from 2003 ? I upgraded and never looked back .
 Finally Microsoft has done it . Outlook 2007 , Office Home and Student 2007 , Vista Home Premium FULL VERSION , and throw in Money 2007 . You wont go wrong . Everything has finally taken shape . Excellent from ease of use , better performance and security .
 Better interface than Outlook 2003 . Cleaner with a nicer calendar . I installed Outlook 2007 and OneNote 2007 as stand-alone Office Upgrades alongside an Office 2003 install . No problems . I had seen reviews where other users say a reinstall screen pops up everytime they switch between 2003 and 2007 products . That has not happened with my install .
 This was the only Outlook 2007 version listed for sale on Amazon , so I ordered it . Found that it does not have Customer Relationship Management -LRB- which MS refers to in Outlook as Business Contact Management -RRB- . I have since found that BCM probably would have been a useful tool in managing my 1500 + contacts . So if that is important to you , order `` Outlook 2007 with BCM '' from a vendor that offers that version . Amazon should state somewhere in the product description that this version does NOT have BCM .
 I was using Outlook 2003 and was content to keep doing so , but it and Vista did not completely get along . It would not remember my password and forced me to log on every time . Not a huge deal but annoying . The final straw was that I upgraded to Publisher 2007 and the email creation program required me to use Outlook 2007 as the mail program . This kind of thing irritates me - forcing me to purchase new products when the older one works fine . There is a lot of talk about this on every product web site . My take is that I understand inter-operability but when you make your own software obsolete , the marketing and PR problems you create eliminate all good will you have created with the new product offering . If Microsoft would offer truly updated and `` must have '' new programs , people would buy them without being forced too . Instead they offer warmed over `` upgrades '' that , for the average user offer nothing different except a few new colors and interfaces . I am strongly considering purchasing all new Apple equipment and leaving the PC world behind . Yeah , the initial buy in is expensive -LRB- $ 1200 for a laptop instead of $ 600 -RRB- but after all the upgrades and other changes you need to make with Vista , what 's the difference?The outlook 2007 program is fine . It has all the features I need and some bright new colors to boot . No complaint except that I did n't need it until I was forced to buy it .
 Outlook 2007 did not carry all the fancy visual changes that other applications from the 2007 suite did -LRB- e.g. Word , Excel ... -RRB- , but the changes were quite awesome.First , it now has a sidebar with your tasks , a calendar and TO DOs ... When you are on the calendar tab , you will notice a beter organization and , on the bottom , there will be the tasks due each day.Integration with other calendar tools and online schedules is much better.Also , it is much better integrated with Windows Mobile.If you buy Office 2007 Home and Student , do n't forget to buy at least one copy of this Outlook because it is not in there and it is necessary for synching your Windows Mobile device .
 Great product!I have used MS Outlook since it 's 1st version.The only thing I dislike , so far , is that it loads emails alot slower thatn Outlook 2003 .
 Not much to say about this MS product which is not already known . I know some would disagree but I enjoy OL and have used it for years . The only reason I had to purchase it is I upgraded to Vista-64 and OL was not part of the OS . But when I told OL where to find my original XP OL data file within 10 minutes all my emails and PST 's were restored back to normal . Always make a copy of your OL data file .
 I purchased this program for my new Vista PC and I was quite pleased with the new and improved features , which integrates quite well on a Vista PC . As a previous owner of Outlook 2000 and Outlook 2002 , I have become reliant on the program for both work and home . I elected to buy Outlook and Office Student and Home to maximize my dollar towards my Office purchase and I have no regrets . The Office Standard edition does not include One Note , which is one of those programs that integrates well with the new Outlook . In the end , I spent less and got more.I would not recommend -LRB- nor do I intend -RRB- to upgrade my Office 2003 for my XP notebook . Likewise , I would not recommend purchasing Outlook without a complementary Office edition . If you have a new PC with Vista , it 's a good idea to use Office 2007 in whatever fashion is most economical for your needs . If you do n't use Office , there are tons of great e-mail programs that are available at no charge and an Outlook stand-alone purchase makes little sense . I think Thunderbird/Firefox is a sound choice for the non-Office user .
 After a four year hiatus of not having MS Outlook available it was great to have the program available for my use again . This product does what it is supposed to do and does it very well . The installation is very easy with the program taking care of itself . I am using Windows 7 and there have been no problems . As my needs are constantly changing I find MS Outlook a sutable solution to scheduling and keeping track of appointments . I have found the Outlook 2007 to be a great improvement over previous versions and very user friendly . I recommend this product to anyone needing an email and calander management system .
 Not much to say , Outlook is a good program and it works with Windows 7 . Seems to be the way to go if you used to use Outlook Express since Windows 7 does not support OE .
 We had the Microsoft Student software which does n't include Outlook . It should ! Others had said we 'd like the set up of e-mail , calendar , contacts , etc. . Then we got an iPod Touch 2nd generation . We found that we could n't sync calendar , notes and other things without Outlook . So , after waiting some months we went ahead -LRB- wondering if the money would be worth it -RRB- & ordered it . We are so pleased with how it loaded and the set up . Really like seeing a calendar with so many features . I 'm sure we are n't making the full use we could of all Outlook offers ; if we would have a guide that shows how to use all the features . Maybe you can download one , I do n't know . That 's how everything comes now and miss the handheld booklets for reference . Anyway , we 're happy and Amazon price was the best , could n't believe the difference compared to in store prices . Get it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I really like using Outlook so when I upgraded my computer which has Vista 64 on it I had to purchase Outlook . It took so time to get use to the new version of Outlook but I really enjoy the features that were added . Recommend this upgrade to Outlook 2007 .
 For years I used Outlook Express with my XP computer . The free Windows Mail that came with my new Vista HP computer was a piece of junk and Microsoft should be ashamed of the product . I finally purchased Outlook and am fully satisfied .
 When purchasing the home edition of Microsoft 2007 Office , it does not include Outlook . The importance of this information was discovered when the old Outlook Express -LRB- from Office 2000 -RRB- became corrupted when overloaded with e-mail . Another new program to learn , and if I had been aware that I needed it , it probably would have been wiser to purchase the Standard edition of 2007 Office , which includes Outlook . There have been many changes made in this program , but when you become accustomed to it , it works just fine .
 Received product in a timely fashion , package was securely prepared.Outlook 2007 performs well on my laptop using Vista . Purchased in order to sinc calendar and contacts to my Blackjack II . Worked perfectly for me !
 I 've liked the other versions of Outlook and decided that I needed the new one -LRB- since I have Vista -RRB- . It loaded easily and the look of it matches my Word program . Working with it for about a week , it is easy to use and add accounts and new schedules.My order reached me sooner than I thought.Overall , I am very pleased .
 It was a corporate computer guru who recommended it . I was hesitant , but now love it . Best thing i 've ever purchased . I only wish i was able to pull up an alternative email directory for a group of people , not wanting to email everyone on the list , but selected individuals . In my old Outlook Express , when i opened the directory , it gave me three lists I had set up , and I could click that directory and select individuals . I am unable to do this , but you may know a way . Again , this is not the general directory which works fine.What i am doing is clicking the group and the group is put in the `` To '' line . Then i have to hit properties , and delete the names i do n't want to include . If there is a way to solve this , i 'd like to know.Other than that , i love Microsoft Outlook 2007 , Much faster and greater ease of use than what I was using.ray haeckel
 I choose to use Outlook because it is the only software to sync with my smartphone . But as far as upgrading other office products ... . do n't . Get OpenOffice for free and you will then have all the tools . -LSB- ... -RSB- for details and downloads !
 I 'm glad I spent the money to buy Outlook 2007 instead of trying to convert from Outlook 2003 to the email software that came with Vista on my new laptop . It was very easy to transfer my files from 2003 to 2007 and I like the security features in 2007 as well as how Outlook ties so well to Word and Excel .
 For what I use Outlook for , I guess the best change is the asthetics . I find this program easy to use to keep my life organized and it works beautifully with my HP iPAQ111 .
 Pretty much works same as previous version . Looks have changed via the ribbon ; which is the same for all Office 2007 products .
 Works well enough ... the calendar is much better and the task bar on the right is a nice touch ...
 The soft ware works well and was easy to install . I hate the childish look of the icons and the like . I hate little smiley face type stuff ; most of us using this product have grown out of that kind of thing or should have .
 I upgraded from Office 2003 to Office Home 7 Student 2007 to take advantage of newer PowerPoint features . I discovered that the new office did n't include Outlook . When I tried to install Office 2007 , it failed , as it could n't find a certain file . Checking with MS , it turns out that that file was in use by Outlook 2003 . So in order to do the upgrade , I had to upgrade to Outlook 2007 . Fortunately , I was able to buy both upgrade packages at below the Office Professional 2007 price.Having said all that , I installed both packages without a problem . I found Outlook 2007 to have the same functionality as 2003 , but presented on screen more efficiently and attractively . I now can see all items on one screen - messages with auto preview , calendar , to do list , etc. . The colors assigned to different items also make what 's on the monitor much more interesting.Bottom line on my expectations : Functionality is a meetsApprarance/format is an exceeds .
 Anyone familiar with Outlook should be happy with this product . Sometimes upgrading to a new version can be confusing , and this is no exception . I have yet to explore all the functionality of this software and I have had it for 2 months . Overall though , a solid and useful tool .
 was shipped really fast . I selected 3 day shipping , and received it on the 2nd day . The software itself is ... well . . Microsoft ; It has its ups and downs .
 I purchased outlook 2007 to upgrade a 2002 product and have been pleased with the ease of use . It is taking some getting used to , but so far I am happy .
 This version of Outlook has lots of ways to keep you organized and is designed to be user friendly . I love having Outlook as opposed to using web based mail because it allows me to keep all the important stuff together in one place . With the ability to see your email , to do list , future calendar events , and tasks all on one screen it is easy to keep on top of a busy life and multi task .
 I like the changes aesthetically and logically . Still learning where everything is at , though .
 My wife has this item and it is loaded on her computer and Outlook 2007 seems to do a very good job .
 After reading some reviews I was a bit hesitant how this would install with my Office Student/Home edition . Not only was the install flawless , it gave me the option to import all of my outlook express emails -LRB- with folders -RRB- and did it perfectly . It also imported my email settings and address book , all I had to do was enter my password once . I love Outlook 2007 and wish I had bought it sooner .
 I purchased a new computer with Windows 7 which has a replacement for Outlook Express and Outlook.It is called ` MAIL ' . For those who use the Computer for very basic things such as just sending e-mails , it is fine.However , if you want a true upgrade , you need Outlook -LSB- preferred over Outlook Express -RSB- . It can do so many more things than ` Mail ` This Outlook 2007 , has more to offer than Outlook 2003 which i had before .
 I love MS Outlook so I have nothing bad to say about it . The fact that the user interface has been improved makes it even better . It 's a great tool to sync with a Blackberry , Palm etc. and have all your meetings , personal events and birthdates at your fingertips no matter where you are . Great software !
 I bought a new iPhone . I found out that you needed Outlook to sync with the iPhone . after I installed it it synced easily . It is a fine product . If you do n't have an Apple computer this will do .
 You can not go wrong with Outlook . The feature set is so great , and the support so good , that all others pale in comparison . Mozilla Thunderbird is a close second , but lacks the simplicity of Microsoft support , and has no easily installed or configured backup solution that I can find.As usual , Amazon provided me with the best price and delivery options of online resellers .
 I was using Outlook 2003 and after regular update patchs the product became very unstable . I could not repair it because the 2003 installer was asking for a file that did not exist on the product CD or anywhere on Microsoft 's web site . After waisting time with 2003 I took the risk and moved to Outlook 2008 . It was hard to give Microsoft more money to fix a problem they created with their update patches , but I needed to use this program . Outlook 2008 installed very easly . It found and imported all my email and address data . It has been very solid and seems to be faster than 2003 . The user interface is cleaner . I have not ventured into the more advanced features , but will start to explore the program more completely after the holiday season .
 I used Outlook at work and missed its functionality on my home computer . THe only thing I do n't like is the constant news emails that I receive from MSNBC everyday . I have tried putting the MS address into Blocked Mail so they will stop but that did not work . This is very annoying . If anyone knows how to stop these , I would appreciate a line letting me know how to do it . Otherwise , Outlook is a good , solid , hardworking email program .
 Great program . I link my blackberry to my computer and I 'm always aware of what 's going on whether I 'm on my computer or away . Email was a little difficult to set up , mostly had troubles getting my contacts to show up but after that , it has been a breeze .
 I purchased this software as the first step in my upgrade to Windows 7 . Windows 7 does n't support Outlook express , which is what I was using , and I have no intention of using Windows Live Mail . I want my mail on MY machine ! Now it has long been my experience that no software installs well , certainly not on the first try out-of-the-box . Whether my impression that Microsoft is a tad bit worse on this score than other vendors may be just prejudice on my part , but when your system becomes unusable for a few days while some far distant `` expert '' does all the things you 've already done , well , it leaves a pretty bad taste in your mouth.So I was greatly and pleasantly surprised when I inserted the Outlook 2007 CD , and the install came up and ran to completion with no nasty error messages ! Then , when I opened it , it asked if I wanted to convert all my messages and address books from Outlook Express , and when I said yes , it did it ! Then , when I logged into a second user account on the same machine , it asked if I want to convert those messages and address books ; I was floored ! Neat , clean , works great.Pros
 there are a TON of options , almost too many . i 've had this for a couple of weeks and am still running into things i did n't know it would do ! being able to CATEGORIZE your emails is nice ; if you flag them they pop up when you start Outlook as reminders . there is so much to say about it i could go on an on . . suffice it to say this is a really nice upgrade from the old outlook . . this was a real treat for me . PLUS . . AMAZON HAD THE BEST PRICE AROUND . . even CHEAPER THAN WAL MART !!! Do n't think twice , just go ahead an buy it . . you wo n't regret it . Seriously .
 Bought it to synchronize with my new Ipod Touch . Wanted a computer backup of my Calendar and Contacts . Wish that `` categories '' in Outlook was also available on the Touch . Was disappointed Apple did not also sync with Outlook Tasks and Notes ... had to get separate apps via the web -LRB- Toodledo - it 's great -RRB- . Interface is cluttered , they need to take a lesson from Google 's simplicity , but has lots of features I do n't use .
 Maybe it 's because I was upgrading from an older version -- 2002 -- but I found the new features to be very good.For example ... the junk mail feature works better than any other I have used . It was catching junk from the very beginning , and has missed very few things . I have only had one thing put in the Junk folder that was not junk email.Also the security features are far superior to the 2002 version . And the Calendar is more flexible and easier to use.Installation was seemless . I think it might be a little overpriced , but considering how long I will keep it , it 's not too bad .
 Works better than the previous version it 's a shame that the previous version of Outlook will not work with Office 2007 . but they have improved the latest version , so it was worth the money . Amazon had the best price I found for other than a student copy .
 Still learning . The F1 key for help pulls me through when I ca n't remember the menus .
 The product arrived promptly as promised . My product was packed appropriately and safely . I was pleased with my choice of sellers .
 Outlook 2007 functions very similarly to the 2003 version I have at work -- it just does it 's job . Outlook from Microsoft is simily a great product .
 Outlook should be part of the the Operating system , as is Outlook Express . Of course it is a more full featured product with Calendar and scheduling modules.I need it because it `` syncs '' with my Blackberry for Contact information . Outlook Express does not . It is a good program , but like most Microsoft programs is overpriced . That 's why I only give it a 4 star rating .
 This is the best Microsoft Outlook ever . It is easy to use ... the ribbons are used the same way they are on the other Microsoft Office products . If you have never used Outlook , especially for emails , you must give this 2007 edition a try . You 'll be pleasantly surprised at your results .
 It is very useful and I was glad to find it for the price that it was available for .
 I saved more money on this item from Amazon than from any other market anyplace . Thanks Amazon , Bob Williams
 I fell in love with outlook a few years ago working on a project in church . We also just start using outlook 2003 at work and I knew I had to have outlook on my home computer . I am so glad I have purchased it . It will help me with a lot in planning my lessons for church .
 I upgraded the operating system software my T-Mobile Dash PDA / Cell Phone in order to obtain new features . To my surprise , the upgrade also required a newer version of Microsoft ActiveSync and Microsoft Outlook 2007 in order to successful synchronize my PDA 's contact database with my laptop 's Outlook contact database . Outlook 2007 installed easily enough and my contacts and calendar items I had been using in Outlook 2002 were transferred to Outlook 2007 without a problem . Outlook 2007 uses a SQL database , so I have had to become accustomed to a longer launch time of Outlook and to be more aware of the size and number of emails that I keep in my In Box and Sent Mail folders due to the synchronization time involved in syncing with the Exchange Email Server .
 I upgraded from Outlook 2002 and have enjoyed the easier to use ribbons that have replaced the pull down menus that are standard on the previous versions and most software . While the ribbons are not available on the main page , they are there for reading and composing email , contact etc. . The ribbon is the biggest improvement over previous versions I have used.Microsoft Outlook 2007
 I bought this product after I purchased a new laptop that I realized I did n't preorder it . I have used Outlook with my Treo phones for a few years and it is always perfect for that use . This new release is nothing less than great .
 Wow ! What a change in the interface -LRB- I 've been using 2000 -RRB- ! Same with the rest of Office . It 's taking some getting use to , but I 'm figuring out and liking the new features . I have it sync 'd with my IPAQ and it 's working well .
 This is not that different than Outlook 2003 , however it works with Windows 7 and Vista . But , it should have been included in Office 2007 Home Edition , which it is not . Vista had its own mail client -LRB- Windows Mail -RRB- , but Microsoft `` inconveniently '' left it out of Windows 7 - ugh . No email client comes with Windows 7 so I bought this . Make sure you get the Windows updates for this .
 I 've used Office 2003 for years and loved it and I must admit that I had some difficulty adapting to Office 2007 Word , the program I use most for my studies . However , I have to say that once I customized the Quick Access tool bar , I was able to accomplish most of my tasks more quickly than previously . While it took some time to feel even remotely comfortable with this program , it was definitely worth the effort . I would recommend that anyone currently using Office 2000 , XP or 2003 get familiar with the Quick Access Bar and customize it to suit individual needs and then minimize the `` ribbon '' which has nore features than the average person either needs or wants . Definitely a great product .
 I 've used Office 2003 for years and loved it and I must admit that I had some difficulty adapting to Office 2007 Word , the program I use most for my studies . However , I have to say that once I customized the Quick Access tool bar , I was able to accomplish most of my tasks more quickly than previously . While it took some time to feel even remotely comfortable with this program , it was definitely worth the effort . I would recommend that anyone currently using Office 2000 , XP or 2003 get familiar with the Quick Access Bar and customize it to suit individual needs and then minimize the `` ribbon '' which has nore features than the average person either needs or wants . Definitely a great product .
 I used outlook at work and after using the included mail programs from my computer this version is much easier to use . It has features -LRB- such as return receipt -RRB- that the others do n't have . The calendar feature is great !!! Looking forward to the 2010 version . I did a lot of research on the price and Amazon was the best .
 Very pleased with my recent purchase of Outlook 2007 from Amazon as delivery was fast and efficient with ability to trace shipping progress . Product was a cinch to install and it moved everything from my previous version of Outlook to the new version seamlessly . All my personal folders and settings were also migrated over from Outlook 2003 .
 I bought this for my father-in-law . I own Outlook 2003 and love it . but , that was n't available anymore . This is one of the best email clients -LRB- IMO -RRB- .
 Outlook greatly improves my productivity both at work and at home . Easy to use .
 Much better than the 2003 version , although I liked that one too . Very affordable and fast response to delivery after purchase . I 'm looking forward to the free upgrade to the 2010 version I was promised by Microsoft , which will be available by Q3 this year .
 I have used Microsoft Outlook for many years but this new version is really great . The features are really great and easy to use .
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I buy ENCARTA every year , and BRITANNICA from time to time . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I buy ENCARTA every year , and BRITANNICA from time to time . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I buy Encarta every year , and Britannica from time to time . This is my opinion : TEXT
 The encarda is the best reference that I have found . I have found information on types to dogs for my granddaughters as well as information on all of the Presedents . I strongly recommend Encarts
 I 'm sorry my english is very little , but I need buy the `` Enciclopedia encarta deluxe 2003 in spanish , a friend recomended thisproduct , I need send to Nicaragua but write in spanish.spanish
 I buy ENCARTA every year , and BRITANNICA from time to time . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 It 's kind of strange that Microsoft decided to launch a new version of Encarta so soon , but I think it 's really worth it . I previously wrote a review for version 2002 , complaining about the five disc included , I am not a fan of disc swapping and I do n't have a DVD-drive and I do n't plan on buying one . Anywayabout the software , truly `` amazing '' , Encarta 2003 deluxe is included it 's been revamped interms of providing users with current information about current day events , Encarta Encyclopedia Deluxe 2003 . This comprehensive multimediaencyclopedia makes gathering information trouble-free , through a superior mix of content , technology , educational tools and Web integration . It is really amazing how it provides you with up to date information about current world events . Although you would have to copy 2 GB -LRB- gigabytes of content to your hard disk to reduce disk swapping and connect to the Internet to update theinformation . But the thing is how the information is well articulated , informative and lets not forget `` current '' . Encarta Interactive World Atlas . An interactive globe , a variety of map styles and 1.8 million place listings with compelling multimedia content give fresh insight into the people , places and resources that shape our planet . The best interactive multimedia atlas , provides information about countries around and links flawlessly with Encarta to find information about the country whether popultion , climate `` your hearts desire '' . Encarta Dictionary and Thesaurus . Forget your Oxford and Webster dictionary , this informative tool allows users to extend their vocabulary tothe stars , allowing users to be more expressive in their writing and speech.Encarta Africana . For people who want to know more about black history , this award winning information resource is an excellent source of information , that provides the user with concise articulated information , not only in terms of African history but the descendants , who migrated all over the world in such places as the Caribbean as slaves , very amazing tool.Should you upgrade?If you recently spent money buying Encarta Reference Library 2002 , do n't worry to upgrade to it yet , wait six month 's to a year , their is really no reason to rush but if you are still using a previous version of Encarta prior to version 2002 it 's a worthy upgrade . For version 2002 users the reason why I do n'trecommend you upgrade is because of Microsoft 's unpredictable upgrade cycle just as you might purchase this version of Encarta , news about Encarta 2004 start 's circulating , I do n't want you to make any mistakes wasting your money , here .
 I buy Encarta every year , and Britannica from time to time . This is my opinion : TEXT
 the World Atlas is magnificent!You can spend countless hours browsing through the entire world and learning a lot about every place on earth.The atlas database is impressive . It contains even minuscule towns all over the world . The statistical maps are also very informative and very interesting .
 Encarta 2003 is the best encyclopedia yet ! There are so many different features that allow you to see the world at the comfort of your own home . No matter what you want to look up , Encarta has it . There is even Dictionary Tools that comes with it . You can access a Thesaurus , Dictionary , and foreign language translations . There is also a book of quotations , a World Atlas , and Research and Learning Tools . The pictures of the various places makes you feel like your actually there . I feel really priveledged to have received an advanced copy of this amazing encyclopedia . I love this encyclopedia and will continue to use it to look up all the information I will need .
 I just got this and so far its been great . I have been using an older version of WordPerfect but needed to go to Word for work . In a review for the professional version , the reviewer stated that it probably is easier to learn this program if your new to Microsoft Word and it has been easy for me so far . I installed this version on both my home computer and work computer . My work computer had Office Works 2003 with Word and this had to be removed before Word 2007 could be installed . I did n't realize this and called Microsoft when it would n't install . I was amazed how quickly I got through and how helpful customer support was .
 The program is great ! They seemed to have been a bit more influenced by Apple and their software with the new 2007 Word . The toolbar is now about an inch thick and instead of scrolling down on `` file '' it 's already up and it goes across the screen instead of down , which is smart because it does n't block your view of your document . New features include
 It was sent fast , in excellent shape , for an amazing price . Overall a great experience ! Great doing bussiness with this seller ! =o-RRB- I 've had it for a lont time now and use it daily for many projects !
 I was unhappy with the site selection process . After selecting the first item on the list , I determined that despite the lower cost , the delivery time I required was ' t there regardless of shipping method selected . I ended up paying a slightly higher cost to get the next day delivery I required .
 This product does what I expected from it , a little difficult to figure out at first .
 New version will be out soon but still a good time to buy if you do n't have to have the latest just the functionality .
 Replaced Word 97 with Word 2007 and it was quite a stretch . All I wanted was a word processing program for basic wp -- what I really wanted was Word 97 all over again but could n't find it . The new version is like going back to a familiar forest after 10 years and finding it overgrown and difficult to navigate . A lot of the stuff I used constantly in 97 has been buried with what for me is a lot of useless features -- like replacing simple autotext with building blocks . And some other features are n't supported any more , such as opening multiple dox from the desktop . But I persevered , discoved how to use the Quick Access Toolbar to simplify the main toolbar to a usable minimum . I could wish for more backwards compatibility -LRB- a phrase that MS probably uses as a curse -RRB- with W97 dox , but this is okay , considering it was 10 years ago . Surprisingly usable once you get used to it . A recommendation -- if you have PATIENCE !!
 I received the item in a timely manner . I installed in on my computer and had everything going within 10 minutes and I got this for a great price !!
 I absolutely love the ease of use of this product . With all the programs I have to know , it 's nice that all you need to do is target an item at the top of the page and it gives you details as to what it 's used for . Sometimes I forget , so it 's great if I need to just target and read . Takes the guess work out of your tasks . This product is excellent for first-time users .
 I picked up this Home and Student version yesterday and played with it all day . It 's not a bad program really . I have been using Open Office Writer because I got it free in a class awhile back and I hate it . The Word 2007 is far superior . I 've heard a lot of complaints about the new ribbon menu , but it seems very simple to me . It has tabs across the top that you click and presto all the tools are right there in graphic format . You can also customize the quick launch toolbar with your favorite tools . I can see how some people might not like it if they have been using an older version for a long time , but that does n't mean it 's a bad program .
 Pretty good , but needs to be a little better in it 's icons and easier to use for us `` older '' students .
 I like Macs but I had to get this particular software to run on Windows . It 's cheaper than the business edition . It does okay .
 I was a little hesitant due to the cost along with so many different releases being put out all the time . I kept thinking as soon as I buy this Microsoft will put out yet another version therefore making this one out dated . But with all the papers I have due and a lot of the professors using Word 2007 my older version would n't read or accept some of the downloads.I went ahead and purchased this and am glad I did ! With all the download templates available -LRB- MLA , APA , Research papers etc. -RRB- it was well worth the money . Anyone that has tried to set up an APA or MLA paper on their old copies would understand my enthusiasm for the ease which Word 2007 Student allows me to just do my paper without the hassle of constantly fighting the format!I would recommend purchasing this version just for the time saved alone . It does take a bit to get used to as the basic toolbar has changed . But after awhile you will have it down and be turning in those papers with ease .
 I am a new student to the program so still am learning . I hope to write a book using it
 I dig this CD I always use it for when I make dance tunes it has drums from drum machines , the 70 's and the 80 's and disco drums and techno drums and hip hop drums and Rock Drums you can do a lot with this CD .
 Absolutely the best laptop based map and route program ever made.The GPS makes it that much better.I can ` import ' as many customer addresses as I want and select a starting point , and a stopping point . Select ` optimize route ' and the software will route you to each stop in the most efficient way possible . A HUGE help when gas is over $ 3.50 a gallon . And then you turn the GPS on and it tells you when to turn , and if you have strayed . Amazing!Absolutely the best thing ever.Makes those little dash gizmo 's look like toys.A satisfied customer.Jeff
 Very cost-effective , easy-to-use method to get where you need to go . Plug it into the USB port of your laptop and you 're ready to be rescued . First time I used it was on a very dark , dreary night and I was lost in the city . Even if I wanted to ask directions there was n't any place that looked safe to stop . The GPS locator easily and quickly located me on the map . I put in my destination and the program safely guided me through the city streets directly to an entrance ramp on the freeway and then to home . Great product !! Never thought I 'd say `` Thanks , Microsoft '' but , here you have it ! Very good product .
 I used it to find locations as map . It needs improvement for navigation.When I drive off the planned route , the program just keep saying `` off route '' without re-routing or providing further instructions .
 If you 've never used S&T ... get ; it . If you have an older version , upgrade now ! The new features that are added from the previous versions are worth the upgrade . Talking instructions are great . Especially if you 're traveling alone , you can close u ' r laptop and just listen for your next turn to come up . The night mode is much easier on the eyes and does n't brighten up your cockpit making it hard to see for the driver . Accurate directions and very easy to use . The GPS works much better than my last one . It 's more acurate -LRB- always shows me on the road i 'm on , not several meters off -RRB- . And it always syncs up . I had problems with my old GPS time after time trying to sync up or recognize it . If you travel much , do n't have in car navigation or just do n't want to read a map -LRB- seriously , who still uses those -RRB- , this program is sweet!Experience - used it from Alaska to Ohio , Ohio to Florida , Ohio to Virginia , Virginia to Michigan , on vaction in the pan handle , and from New Orleans to VA. . Did n't get lost once !
 Took a couple of attempts to load this program on my laptop but once installed , it 's more than I expected . This is my first experience with GPS and I 'm impressed with how quickly and accurately the GPS system locates my position and tracks my movement . Full featured mapping software and plenty of GPS options make this an excellent value for my needs !
 I am 100 % satified with the product and the price . We have used the program and GPS to guide us to a destination point and it works great .
 I 'm a dispatcher for a large trucking company that sends drivers all over the US . With this program I can give detailed directions to the drivers anywhere they go . I 've used other mapping software but this one is the best I 've found for mapping out step by step directions , zooming in quickly and finding highway/freeway offramps . Downside is that I could never get the GPS locator to work . I was going to purchase this software anyway and I thought the locator would be great to install on my laptop . If the GPS would work this software would be perfect !
 We use Microsoft Streets and Trips along with DeLorme Street Atlas USA for storm chasing . Street Atlas actually has slightly better road detail but the Streets and Trips mapping shows city names when the other wo n't . This software also tends to show minor paved roads better . Street Atlas sometimes shows minor paved roads as unpaved.The GPS reciever has always worked well and is our standard hardware.Our team of storm chasers needs reliability , especially when there 's a tornado on the ground . This is a good system.Martin LisiusTempest Tours Storm Chasing Expeditions
 I bought it for my road trip.Pros
 The only important issue is that you need another person in the car to keep an an occasional eye on what 's happening on the laptop if you 're in a new area and arent familiar with at least some of the roads.I would plan the route the night before and mapping that out was a breeze . When first learning the software , it takes a good hour of one 's time to figure out all of the different things the sofwtare can do but the basics can be learned in 30 minutes.It was VERY handy if we went offroute to simply press one button to give us directions to get back on route . In our over 1000 miles of driving this software only goofed once when creating driving directions and it was an obvious goof that was easy to see and fix.Faults ? The GPS hardware is excellent though very occasionly it would update position with a 4 second delay and that could make one miss a turn . That happened about 5 times in 1000 miles of driving so that 's not a big deal . The software knows streets of course but it doesnt understand street addresses like 28 Main Street . It will only get you to Main Street . So you need to know the cross street of whereever you want to go . You can learn that info simply using any on-line maps -LRB- which do understand street addresses -RRB- . Overall , we never had to look at a paper driving map ONCE . As long as I planned my waypoints the might before , there was no problem getting to where we wanted to go.If you are somewhat patient with yourself learning how to use new software , and you 'll be traveling with someone , you really should check out Autoroute . If you 're traveling by yourself you might want to look at one of the more expensive driving GPS devices made by Garmin .
 I have been a long time user of Delorme Products but decided to get a combination of Microsoft products both for the US and Europe -LRB- Autotrip -RRB- . The program loaded very smoothly , but do make sure you load the program before plugging in the GPS Locator . There are multiple warnings about this as well as what to do if you do n't follow directions . I loaded all the data on my laptop so I would not have to carry the DVD.The setup was also quite simple . There are warnings about usage in an automobile that pop up in use -LRB- as well as the cautions during setup -RRB- . One needs to keep this in mind and not be distracted when driving . I set the mapping program and forget it . But it works best with two people in the car with one to navigate.The GPS locator has a great chipset . Very , very sensitive and quickly finds the coordinates within seconds , even as I sit in my house . It rarely loses a lock on the satellite.The route finding works well , so far . You can save your track as well as the route , but unlike the Delorme products you ca n't playback your track -LRB- or if you can , I have not found it -RRB- . The screen is pleasing and you go fullscreen.I have n't tried voice recognition but the spoken commands are about average . The ability ot overlay satellite photographs when planning routes with an internet connection is a plus . Plus you can routinely update road construction sites . So far , no opinion on how good that feature is.The Microsoft location finder internet leaves something to be desired though I 've only tried it at home . It routinely thinks I 'm in China -LRB- which is interesting because so many ads are quite able to figure out where I am -RRB- . The GPS also works with other programs by selecting a generic NEMA GPS . There are other optional equipment to go with the GPS.If you 've never used a GPS mapping program with a laptop , Microsoft S&T ; is a good choice . Just do n't be surprised if the GPS lcates you accurately and the Microsoft locator product puts you on the other side of the planet .
 This sure is going to come in handy while traveling ! My husband is our GPS , but sometimes even he can use some help !
 Had to reinstall to get the GPS locator to work , but seems ok now . Have n't been out on the road , so do n't know how that will work , but so far so good .
 Excellent software , it could use more user help or be a bit more frendly . Instalation is somewhat confusing but once is up and running works fine . I would sugest more in detail maps for regions outside the US and options for more zooming , this would make it a better software even if it cost more or to give the option if needed to get a more detailed map for the region the user lives at .
 Very useful software and maps but the GPS receiver is the real star ! Its small size and quick lock on satellites make this a powerful tool for both the casual traveler and the hardcore tracker . Highly recommended .
 This product is great . It allowed me to not only to find my way to about 30 locations but also allowed me to make a print out of directions that others , -LRB- that filled in for me -RRB- could follow .
 We purchased Streets and Trips about 3 months ago and went to 2-3 long distance trips with it . It 's a huge difference traveling with a GPS . Moreover , it 's sensetiviti is so high . We compared it with one of our friends GPS who purchased it for 340 $ and ours was much more accurate . The only problem with it is that the voice is not good at all and it almost sound like a robot . They could also let the speech system read the street names to make driving even easier in case you could n't have a co-pilot . Over all this is a very good GPS for the price .
 Nice handy program when you do n't want to have a $ 400 GPS unit . For low cost you get a GPS , that works well .
 Streets is mostly very good , but there are limits to database of local addresses and pins , especially in smaller cities and towns . The Trips portion is a pretty good guide , and has become increasingly accurate . I was looking forward to the GPS component which I bought for the first time along with my yearly purchase of the program . But I note it does not seem to receive a signal from my various locations . I 'll need to see what happens when I get on the road this spring , and use the attachment to affix the receiver to a window - which strikes me as a bit of a bother , when it 's already a hassle to run my laptop from the slanted shotgun seat .
 I have used this product on my business trips and it works great . I have yet to find a place where i ca n't find the location where im traveling . Highly Recommend .
 I was on a recent 2 week road trip for business where I had to make stops in several cities across the southeast and gulf coast . I do n't know how I would have made it without this this product ! I mounted my laptop in my car and it became my best friend on the road . The verbal turn by turn instructions as well as the visual distance till the next turn was very helpful . I also liked the ability to find a location around me -LRB- hotel , restaurant , gas station , etc. -RRB- I must say Microsoft did an EXCELLENT job with this product.Downside , there we a few locations that the sofware did n't find but only a few . Other than that I really recommend this product !
 Purchased because antenna on 2006 went bad with little use . 07 has much improved # 500 antenna . I like the program a lot but volume should be louder so it can be heard over road noise . This is a problem as one of the vehicles I have is a Lexus that is very quiet but the program needs more volume . I n some screens it does n't display the location arrow . I do n't know if mine is defective or it is a software deficiency .
 MS Streets & Trips is a great product . I am puzzled why Microsoft did not provide better instructions for installation and use of this software . -LRB- Hey Microsoft ! I 'll write an instruction book for a price . -RRB- Using this moving map on a laptop screen is very easy and powerful . You can locate nearby restaurants and lodging , interesting places etc. . You can select a nightime screen that is visible yet not too bright to interfere with your `` night vision . '' Very cool .
 Performed almost identically as previous versions but provided GPS location information . Product would benefit from subscription capability to automatically update street database -LRB- was disappointed that my home address was not included -RRB- . Would not recommend updating from previous versions unless you want the GPS capability .
 I bought this for my Dad and he is having a blast with it . He has already planned 2 cross country trips for the next year . It has 1000 's of pre-programmed restaurants , hotels , gas stations , and other important sites you might want to visit on your trip . The GPS is very accuarate and turned his laptop into a Big GPS . I would recommed this to anyone that travels alot . I will be buying this product for myself very soon . Well worth the money .
 This item works great , easy to use and setup . would n't leave home without it now . It 's an Alternative to expensive GPS systems if you already own a Laptop , if you do n't than you may want a Portable Handheld one.For the price it 's a great value , love mine . Used it for a trip from Miami , FL to Lancaster , PA , worked great
 First heard about it from a fellow driver . Since I already had a laptop I saw no need to get a stand-alone GPS System and this fits the bill `` to a T '' . The ability to use the full screen as a moving map is great when I 'm alone . The price -LRB- with the GPS Tracker -RRB- was just a bit more than the Tracker alone . Well worth it .
 I prefer 2007 Streets and Trips because you do n't need a key code to install this software . The newer versions require the key code and only allow you to install the software on 2 computers . If you have a laptop and desktop and one of them crashes you have to call Microsoft to get them to ok another install . The new receiver unit is more sensitive than past units . I can even acquire satellites in my home ! My order was delivered three days after my order . I am very satisfied .
 The streets and trips merchandise was delivered on time and in great condition . We already had the software and it was damaged so this was a perfect replacement .
 I have used S&T since 2005 , purchasing each new version . I use it mainly while traveling . After purchasing a new laptop with Vista I discovered that my old moble GPS receiver did not have a driver for Vista . I was using S&T 2007 already and did n't want to buy 2008 because it will only allow use on one PC -LRB- requires MS registration -RRB- . By purchasing this slightly used 2007 version with a new GPS receiver I avoided buying 2008 . In general the 2007 version is pretty accurate and the new GPS Locator is much faster than my old version . I would love to own the 2009 version but I need to be able to plan a trip on my home PC and then move it to a laptop for travel . Apparently the 2009 version requires you to purchase two copies in order to use the transfer feature . I may eventually buy 2009 , install it on my laptop and then use the old version on my home pc to create the trip and let the 2009 version upgrade the trip on the laptop .
 First off , this is a good prduct and works though I had to use the cable to get the GPS to work , just plugging into the USB did not work inside 2 different cars . The problem I have with this program is that they have not done what is totally obvious in my mind
 I purchased this software to help travel into industrial areas that are not well marked and often have street signs that do not existent . This software worked very well with the following limitations : * Do not attempt to use this while driving ! You still need a co-pilot to watch the display . * If you are going to use this system solo , a louder than standard laptop speaker in the car to hear the directions would be helpful . Keep that laptop lid shut to reduce the desire to look at the display and just listen to the turn by turn directions . * The `` I 'm here '' locator on the map always seems to be a little behind on the map , this can be confusing for the co-pilot when you are in some areas . Use the turn by turn directions at the bottom of the map -LRB- these always seem to be up to date -RRB- .
 We used this program on a recent trip from Oregon to Wyoming including a trip to Denver . The maps were excellent , even for very small towns , and this makes the first time I 've been to Denver without getting lost and wasting a hour or two trying to get found again ! The voice prompts were decent , but it really helped a lot to have my 12-year old son navigating . As mentioned in some of the other reviews , once you get off route , you do n't get any new verbal directions to get back on route . The map with the route trace makes it easy to do that , though.I really liked the flexibility in making my routes , too . We could add in stops , find a large variety of points of interest , gas stations , etc , and change the route to alternate roads easily . Many gas stations and stores were NOT in the data base , but most of the big name companies were.The route planner included estimated time of travel which proved to be quite accurate once I set the options for my driving style . We could also measure driving distances easily on the go.The biggest thing I 'd like to see added is some sort of terrain or topographic feature . I wanted to try some alternate routes that looked shorter than the Interstate selected by the program , but I did n't want to get into 30 miles of 20 mph curves !
 Would highly recommend . We attend dog show that are in the middle of no were ... This product got us to EVERY SHOW we have been to since we started using it in March 2007 . We especially in enjoyed the feature of being able to find what kind of business were in the area were.We hate getting lost especially with a truck loaded down with dogs and conformation equiptment , this product has stopped that from happening . It would be nice if the 2008 version
 Just completed a 1600 mile trip from Ohio to Virginia Beach and the Microsoft Streets and Trips with GPS worked better than expected . Only lost the GPS in extremely hilly areas . No loss in towns . This thing is very precise for the low price paid . If you pull into a place such as a Gas Station , you have the address immediately . It can route you back to your mapped routing if you make a wrong turn . Pressing the space bar will get you the next turn in case you missed hearing the last prompt . This is a powerful program and should be an asset to any traveler . A co-pilot is good to have but not totally necessary . As mentioned above , it will route you back to your road if needed . A great buy . Would be nice if the prompt would name the street or route .
 This product is all I expect it to be . Minor issues have been : o Sometimes it takes a little longer to get the GPS to start tracking . When you plug in the GPS it should start tracking automatically instead of making the user click the clicking the gps navigation button.o I wish the talking would include streets for eyes off use . I heard the competition has this feature.o I think this is a great teaching tool for my children who now pay attention to where they are and how to get to places instead of daydreaming .
 The user interface is not intuitive . Plan on spending a lot of time in help.The GPS tracking , however , really works great . Even tells you when to enter and exit express lanes on the highway -LRB- except for Chicago when the express lanes change direction depending on the time of day ! -RRB- .
 I find that Microsoft 's streets and trips very easy to use . Setup is a snap configuring the GPS is a no brainer . I particularly like the voice commands , it keeps you apprised of upcoming turns . Being able to display your map on a large screen is a lot better than a small two to four inch display . I do suggest a DC converter for your power supply , you really become dependent on the mapping system . I have the 2006 version , and purchased 2007 DVD for my son and also suggested to a friend of mine buy one for her husband , everyone is happy .
 My husband and I used this product on a six-hour trip . I must say it is very accurate and pinpoints locations easily . The one major problem we had was when we had to take two exits very close together . There is about a 3-4 second delay with the satellite/instructions and we missed our second exit . However , we easily got back on track again . With instances like this you should go with your instincts and highway signs as your guide instead of the GPS . Other than that we had a very good experience with the product and recommend it .
 This is a very useful tool when traveling . It is also great for finding places and addresses in your own community . It is a little cumbersome getting around in it until you play with it for a while . A better `` how to use '' manual would be helpful .
 I have never been in an area that it has n't worked and I do a lot of work in mountain areas .
 this programm is wonderful for both using with the gps locater or using at home to print directions . my husband and i have used it in a few day trips and the gps is very accurate and the fact that you can change the preferences to avoid major highways and explore backroads is wonderfully adventurous .
 This is a great tool for travel . You do n't have to be on line so you can use it in the car for the entire trip . We got a converter that plugs into the cigarette lighter so we could save the laptop battery . Planned our trip ahead of time and kept track of where we were with the GPS . When we wanted lunch , the program showed us what was available , how to get there , and how to get back to the highway . It can give you driving time based on your driving habits , calculate expenses , and show you what is along the way to enhance your travel experience .
 Purchased this to help navigate a trip from Northern Michigan to South-west Florida and back again . We took a fair amount of side trips and having this on our laptop made it easy to get to where we wanted to go . There were a couple of times that we went `` off route '' but were back on route in very little time . It helped us decide where to stop for fuel , eat and sleep . Up-to-date information is available with an internet connection and the larger map-viewing area was greatly appreciated . Well worth the price . Highly recommended to others .
 I do a lot of work out of town and in other states , so I am constantly in unfamiliar or different places . This GPS has saved me tons of time and within the next two months will probably have paid for its ' self in saved mileage that I used to spend looking for places . I have recommended it to everyone that I have talked to . It 's great , I will never have to Mapquest or ask for directions again . Another Great Microsoft Product !
 This little invention is truly amazing . I am a police officer who recently got assigned a new area of the city to patrol , an area I am not familiar with at all . Working at night makes it even harder to find my way around . I installed the software in my laptop in my patrol car and plugged it into the USB hub and I was set . It gets you to where you want to go and a whole lot more . I did notice , however , my own neighborhood is not on the map yet and it 's been in existance since Spring of 2006 . It beats spending $ 500 or more on other GPS systems .
 We sold our Garmin and bought this . What a welcome surprise . We bought it for traveling now that we are retired . We installed it in an inexpensive Gateway laptop . After a bit of practice we had it doing exactly what we wanted . It is not hard to use and the receiver works . The only thing we would like to see improved is the voice volume . The software is very intuitive and you do n't have to unlock maps and go through a lot of changes to make it work . It costs less than a Garmin and works a lot better . If you buy one , spend a little time learning the software and reading the manual before taking a long trip . You will be very pleased with all that it does . We will never buy anything Garmin , but we will certainly upgrade this software .
 I have tried several other GPS programs - and this is by far the best out there in my opinion ! Perfect directions , fast to redirect you , lets you know about construction ... it has saved me time quite a few times ! I tried a handheld GPS and the main difference is that the Microsoft Locator is just much more powerful than the handhelds I have tried . I do n't have to stop the car to locate a satelite if I turn it on while I am driving . The Microsoft GPS Locator can find a satelite as I 'm driving down the road ! Obviously the fact that you need it connected to a PC is not as convenient as carrying a smaller handheld device but I usually have my laptop in the car anyway . On long trips we watch DVD 's on the laptop and the GPS simply runs in the background . I would definitely recommend this for long trips . For running around a city , having to open up my laptop is not quite as convenient ... but you ca n't beat the price for a GPS !
 This is the poor man 's GPS system ... very comprehensive and updateable -LRB- traffic & roadwork conditions -RRB- . A must-have for we who are directionally challenged !!
 My husband and I used this on our road trip . My tech-gadget-crazed husband thought it was the coolest thing since sliced bread since it told us our speed , elevation and time left on our travel . We had no problems getting around . One small glitch in one of the directions it gave us - it told us to take exit 12B instead of 12A - but we figured it out immediately when it told us we were off route . This was just one bad direction among many good ones . We chalked it up to recent construction .
 If you can deal with the amount of light that hits your laptop screen , this works as well as any travel help . ie , turn by turn directions GPS . For the price it 's hard to beat . The update feature hopefully will be as good . I used it using an inexpensive Xantrex converter in the car for longer trips.Beware of car rental agencies disabling the cigarette lighter plug in.I highly recommend this product .
 I 've found this product to be very useful in locating the homes of clients that I 'm calling on . It 's been especially helpful since I 'm in a new area I 'm not familiar with . The GPS device has accurately given my position in relation to addresses I 'm searching for in rural areas even when they are on dirt roads and well off the main highways and streets .
 I am giving the product 5 stars , although I have never used anything to compare it to , because it does everything I want and then more . I recently used it on a trip to Colonial Williamsburg Virgina . The only problem I had was losing the GPS signal in the mountains , and it sometimes showed me off route on the west bound lanes of an interstate when going east . Again I think because of the mountains . But I think this is a problem with any land based GPS navigation product.Because a laptop can be difficult to manage in a car I would like to see upcoming streets , routes , etc announced vocally , opposed to just showing on the screen with an announcement that a turn is forthcoming at a certain distance . Not good having to look at something in the car for the turn street name , route , etc while driving.Otherwise I think it 's great . I used the reroute feature once , that got me back on track while looking for a destination in Norfolk Virgina.I recommend it .
 This remains an outstanding trip planning and GPS program . But by far the greatest improvement is in the chipset hardware included . The new GPS locater is MUCH smaller than the previous versions and includes the SIRFstarIII chipset . Now your asking what the heck is that ?! Well , it is the most sensitive and accurate chipset out there and it acquires the satellites nearly instantaneously and holds on for dear life under nearly all conditions . It is a VAST improvement over the old 360 locater MS used in the past versions . My only minor complaint
 I upgraded from 2006 mostly because I wanted a driving time estimate . It actually sometimes works . My wife and I just completed a 2,500 mile road trip from San Jose , CA through Las Vegas , down to Tucson , AZ and explored the area south of Tucson to Mexico , then back home through Phoenix and the Mojave Desert . This was a good test of the software 's use on a long trip with both remote and urban driving.S & T ; has long been strong for urban driving and the 2007 version works fine . However , it remains weak for rural driving . My old complaint from several versions ago remains
 I got Streets and Trips 2007 w/GPS to help me find my way around when I 'm on business trips in unfamiliar territory . I have used the more expensive $ 500 sort of standalone device and there 's no doubt they are better , but I find the Streets and trips generally adequate . It 's a great deal for the price.As I drive , it talks to me , warning me about a minute before each turn I need to make . Once I 've made a turn , it tells me what the next turn will be -LRB- though it might be 30 miles away -RRB- . It keeps my position shown on a moving map . I would n't dare look at this while driving , but it 's still a great feature . If I ever get off route it informs me quickly `` Off Route ! '' . I can pull over , look at the map and see what happened . If I hit the F3 button , it recalculates the route from wherever I am.The GPS unit is delightfully small and lightweight and conveniently suctions onto the front windshield . It seems to be a remarkably good GPS unit , getting its bearings very quickly and hardly ever losing them.There are some glaring opportunities to improve this software that would bring it on par with the more expensive devices :1 -RRB- It tells me I need to turn right `` zero point three miles '' -LRB- the 60 second warning -RRB- but doe n't reiterate it when I get there by saying `` Turn right now '' . This would be very useful since there are often two right turns close to each other either of which could be the designated one .2 -RRB- It does n't tell me the name of the street I 'm turning onto . If it said `` Turn right in 0.3 miles onto Fair Oaks Drive . '' I 'd have fair warning to watch the road signs . It does do this for you on the freeway by naming the exit as in `` Turn right in 0.3 miles at exit 105A onto the on-ramp '' , but wo n't do it on named streets or minor highways .3 -RRB- You have to push a button to recalculate the route . You ought to be able to set an option that would have it automatically recalculate if you get off course .4 -RRB- Whenever you start a new route it just says `` Proceed to Route '' . I can understand that it has no idea what direction the car is pointed in until you start moving , but then it souhould very quickly issue an instraction like `` Turn right onto Maple street in 50 yards '' .
 The interface is a bit clunky , I echo the complaint about the voice prompts not giving enough detail about the street name you are to turn onto and the inability to automatically tell you how to get back on route if you miss a turn.The actual GPS unit is amazingly small and was able to pick up a signal when I was inside my house -LRB- probably thru the skylight and high windows . It gave good directions for the routes I planned on it and overall worked very well . It only lost the signal while driving when I passed thru a tunnel . I 'd recommend a longer USB extension cable and a better means of securing it than the useless suction cup that came with the unit.It 's not a replacement for an integrated car unit , it really takes a person separate from the driver to operate it well but the kids really loved it , no more questions about how long till we get to Grandma 's house!For $ 89 it is n't going to compete with a $ 300-600 unit and it is n't ideal for the solo driver as perching a laptop on the seat next to you and glancing over is n't ideal . However , for the price it is a great unit and I 'd recommend it to anyone looking for a low cost introduction to GPS in the car .
 product gets good reception , but the streets highways are not up to date . Trip to West Yellowstone took me through 2 cities downtown areas , not the freeway . Coustom abilities are its saving grace . For a few dollors more you could get a Tom-Tom or similar product . Having top hook up to your laptop in a vehicle and not having a copilot is a pain and alot of wires .
 THIS PRODUCT IS ONE OF THE BETTER IN IT CLASS . THE ONLY ONE BETTER IS GARMINS . I KEEP MY COMPUTER WITH ME SO TO HAVE IT IN THE CAR IS NATURAL FOR ME , SOME PEOPLE WOULD SAY IT IS NOT NORMAL OR TOO LARGE BUT THE SCREEN IN MY COMPUTER AND THE STREETS ARE LARGE SO I CAN SEE THEM . YOU WOULD DO VERY WELL IN PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT . I ALSO OWN 2005 EDITION AND THIS ONE MICROSOFT MADE SO MANY INPROVMENTS , TOO MANY TO MENTION . IT 'S GREAT
 love this - the gps works well , easy to set up - only minor complaints about software - needs to let you individualize your trip a little more but overall this is super !
 I never got lost , its very useful . The only thing is that you have to carry your laptod in every stop .
 If you have a Laptop then this is the way to go.Just the size of the screen is reason enoughThe cost @ amazon was the reason I went with it.And it works .
 This system is very good for road trips . I just went on a road trip for spring break and it worked . I had a similar system from back in 1999 from Co-Pilot . The Co-pilot system was not a accurate but had some features that should have been in Streets and Trips . For instance Co-pilot had a voice recognition and could verbalize the turn by turn directions . It could also answer select question such a ` how far ' ` next turn ' ... Over all I am giving Streets and Trips 4 stars because is does have a great receiver and an incredible number of points of interest . I would buy it again but just expected more from a product 8 years newer than my last system . I mean think about how far laptops have come .
 The new sensor acquires satellites more quickly , and the software provides more accurate solutions , compared to previous versions.My big problem is the extent of the database of locations . My family is interested in National Parks , National Forests , etc -LRB- a good deal for the taxpayers , in my eyes -RRB- , but these are not available . When I wanted directions to the Manassas battlefield , I could only get directions to the town . The map shows something north of the town , but it is not well identified.A solution would be to provide the ability for me to add a category -LRB- Lebanese restaurants , anyone ? -RRB- , and to add records . Push pins are n't quite up to the task.Otherwise , I found the product really helpful , with a good interface .
 Extremely satisfied with this product . It is very easy to use . The new receiver is extremely sinsitive and have had no problems at all .
 First , this is not a kid review , but written by a 50 something . To whoever complaining the Streets & Trips should have their heads tested before using this product . I have use it for my trip from Toronto Pearson Intl ' airport to Toronto , Niagara Falls , back to Toronto and Ottawa , Montreal then Quebec City without a single error . The GPS works the moment I plug it in to my laptop which has only 512MB of ram & a 1.6 Ghz processor , and shows exactly where I was located with a big red circle , it moves around as I continue driving , my son was my co-pilot of course , so I do n't need to look at the screen while I am driving . All in all , this is a great product , the mapping software is the best I have seen , oh yes I forgot to mention I was using the Streets & Trips 2006 version , and now plan to upgrade to this 2007 version . Rest assured ... I do n't work for Microsoft , Have fun driving.Tony
 Previously used 2006 as navigation in my work van and when the gps receiver broke , I decided to upgrade to 2008 Streets & Trips despite the poor reviews here . The 2008 did not work properly and needed to be restarted continually , so I replaced it with 2007 , which works great . No problems or complaints since .
 I have since upgraded to the 2008 version . This was good enough that upgrading was a no brainer .
 I 'm a long-time user of Streets and 2007 has some subtle improvements , including a full-screen view when using the GPS . The full-screen view has a large button to re-route if you miss a turn -LRB- not like anyone tries to use the laptop while driving -RRB- and an estimated arrive time . I purchased 2007 since it sounds like the 2008 product activiation can be a nightmare .
 I have used the older version and were happy to have that one . This is better in every way.The best thing to have if you travel .
 I use this program to track my prospects and clients . I am able to download the data into Microsoft Streets and Trips and plot each of my prospects and clients on the map . The GPS works well . Since it 's not a true GPS unit , I do n't mind that it does not read out street names .
 Handy little tool when traveling . It would be nice if it also came with a CD so I could print directions out from my desktop instead of having to hook the laptop to the printer . The only complaint I have is that the directions take one through towns instead of by-passing them , even when using major highways . Be aware that the GPS may take you through backroads and even onto dirt roads even though the options are set to freeways and highways . The only way to check if there is road construction is online .
 Have tried Delorme and others , and the MS Streets and Trips 2007 is still the best . Biggest problem I have find is in the `` finding near by '' mode , when searching landmarks , every car dealership , plus some other businesss , in the search area are listed . These should be move into another catagory .
 Bought this just before a road trip . It is great to use in the car with another person checking the map . The GPS locator is very accurate . It took a few seconds to get the signal and then it will not lose it .
 I 'm a State Trooper and have an in-car laptop . The GPS is extremely accurate to within a few meters , and gives you great directions . If you are n't good at multi-tasking and need a servant to tell you what to do all the time then spend 3x as much and get a Garmin . They 're great but have horribly small screens . It 's also great in my personal vehicle as my laptop sits in between both seats nicely.Again if you are n't very competent or very good at multitasking then like with most things you probably are going to have to pay much more to compensate for your lack of abilities.It 's annoying to read reviews of whiners who ca n't cope with simple things . The software is n't complicated , but -LRB- as with all things highly functional -RRB- it actually requires that you take time to learrrrnnnn . So again if your lazy , pay more and go back to watching TV and eating Cheetos.The laptop screen is huge -LRB- comparably speaking -RRB- and much easier to read the maps . If you do n't have a laptop go with a Garmin as they 're the best on the market . But again unless you throw away money go with the S&T ; -LRB- assuming you have a laptop -RRB- . This is my personal experience in Washington State , I am not aware of this products performance in other places . I mainly use it for work in responding to calls for service in strange areas I 'm not acquainted with .
 All I can say is , the product works pretty well for my recent trip to Rochester , NY , Buffalo and Niagara Falls . The receiver worked flawlessly , the direction I was given is fairly simple and clear . Of course nothing is perfect as in this case the MST could not accurately determine whether the street does n't allow left turns or not . Overall for the price and what you get in the package , it 's a deal and you 'll like it . It is great for highway and expressway traveling , the voice helped too .
 It 's my first GPS device so I have no comparison . It 's user-friendly and the GPS locator has no difficulty locate me . So far the street info and routes are correct . The voice guidance works well too . The price and the quality is good for GPS starters like me .
 The possitive side
 It is very easy to use . I set up the trip and also the return before leaving home . Be sure to get updated road construction by connecting to internet . It also has a place to enter fuel mileage and stops , to estimate time and cost . I like the gps screen because I can watch my husbands speed . The only thing that it is short on is the recorded voice says when you are approaching a turn a little late but you veiw the directions on the screen and they are acurate . Used it four times and love it . I put laptop on vehicle stand that attaches to the bolt of the seat , no holes to drill and it is awesome . Very comfortable , see laptop computer stand for car/truck on ebay well worth the money . Vehicle stand keeps laptop cooler . Laptop is better than windshield mounted gps because you have a bigger screen .
 I bought this product to use on a trip in the Colorado Mountains . I had a laptop computer mounted in my Suburban , and it served as my navigator . The only thing that I did n't like about it , is that if you have it set on the `` shortest route there '' option , it will take you on a journey , that is the SHORTEST DISTANCE THERE . If it means taking you off a 70 mph interstate , and taking you in a downtown maze of a metropolis during rush hour - IT WILL DO SO . A great product , but by all means , study your maps and know where you are going , before you leave ! LOL !
 I read everyone 's reviews and I have to agree.It 's not intuitive.The instructions are totally inadequate . I actually learned about the F3 function from one of the reviews.The assembly -LRB- figuring out what plugs into what -RRB- was a guess , although I guessed right.Soooo - Why is it a 5 ? Well - the cheapest no frills , no name dash mounted GPS is about $ 175 if You take the time to hunt for the best deal . A Garmin or other reputable brand with the features this package has will probably run about $ 400 . This package can be found for about $ 90 , and does an accurate and adequate job of Getting You around in unfamiliar places . And as far as the complaint that it does n't recalculate your route when you go off course , all I can say is if You ca n't figure out how to zoom , and look at the displayed streets , and get back on course , the best GPS unit made is probably beyond your ability to use.On a recent trip , I positioned the GPS sensor on the windshield and on the door posts , and even plugged directly into the laptop . I averaged having 11 satelites the entire trip , and never had less than 8 satellites showing - even during a heavy downpour . As for accuracy , we got detoured about 75 feet off a road that was being repaired and the program was sensitive enough to tell us that we were off course , - a little annoying but it was correct.My biggest issue is with my laptop . When the sun is shining into the car , it can be difficult to see the screen . My wife has a smaller laptop with a trubrite screen that we will be using on future trips .
 It may not be as convenient as a standalone GPS but you get all the same features and more . Works great with google earth too . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 I purchased this because a friend had one and I was impressed with the program . I have loaded it onto my laptop and downloaded the 3D options . Most impressive . I would highly recommend this to anyone wishing to have a GPS option . Better than those expensive , small screen products out there .
 A nice set
 I found this easy to use without a big learning curve and would suggest this product to others . The GPS setup and use was pretty cool .
 Genuine boxed disk arrive on time . Cost much less than those at other sites . Software loaded without problems . Great product for finding your way in unfamiliar areas and for locating most types of businesses . You can even locate stores , gas stations , and points of interest . It supplies the business phone numbers too!It is a bit much for non techies . It has a lot of features , which my wife found annoying , but I found useful . It gives verbal as well as visual driving directions .
 Great GPS for the money . Works great ! Prompt delivery from seller and condition as advertised .
 I bought Streets and trips before my long drive from Ohio to Colorado . I am very impressed with its functionality . You can calculate directions based on your preference of roads , that is , toll roads , Interstates etc. . You can also base your search on shortest or quickest route . The most impressive function was finding restaurants in the area you are in . There is still more room for development in the voice guided instructions . The instructions are not complete . That probably would make this software the best available . I have used this software on a HP laptop so I do n't know if its going to compatible on a windows based PDA !
 I have used MS S&T for several years and still find it to be one of the best . The GPS module works great and is very accurate for those long trips .
 I always use this sample CD the horns on here were really played from real horns so it gives your samples a realistic sound . When you sample these in a motif xs it sounds real good this CD is the bomb I 'm making hits with this CD .
 I 've never been keen on screen savers , probably because the one at work drives me crazy , but a friend had this one on her computer , and it was love at first sight . I 've been an aquarium enthusiast for years , having spent fortunes on the critters only to move and decide to give them up ! Now I can have my aquarium with a whole lot less expense and work ! Finally a screen savor I really love .
 ITS NICE YOU GET TO SELECT 7 FISH NO BELL AND WHISLESNO YOU CANT FEED THE FISH ITS NICE FOR WHAT IT IS AND IT DOES HAVE BUBBLES YOU CAN CONTROL SOME THINGS IN THIS PROGRAMYOU CAN CHOOSE 7 FISH YOU LIKE WOW !!!! EASY TO SET UP
 If you want a nice screensaver without the risk involved with the free ones this is it .
 Cosmic Blobs is a really fun game ! You can pick differnet 3-D object and push , sull , squeze , bend , color and make it walk around on a course you design ! You can make people , animals , alians or anything you can imagine ! It is a really a great game for kids if they want to make up their own creatures and play around with it . The only tool you need is your imagination !!
 My dad purchased Cosmic Blobs for my birthday . My parents do not let me spend too much time with computer games , plus there are not too many games out there for a young female.I love to draw and create pictures using pencil and ink . Cosmic Blobs now let 's me create and animate images using my computer . The software is very easy to use and within minutes you are creating cartoon characters . I would recommend Cosmic Blobs to any kid that enjoys creating objects using the computer .
 I bought this for my grandkids . They range in age form 6 to 15 and I must say they all really have gotten into it . They have created some really great characters and I really am happy I found this program .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my two nieces -LRB- ages 8 and 11 -RRB- . They are both pretty creative and artistic to begin with , but this gave them a completely new outlet for their creativity . They both love it and can not get enough of it ! They enjoy bringing their creations to life -LRB- everything from unicorns to pink poodles to butterflies -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product to any parent/aunt/uncle / etc. who wants to give the child in their life a new twist on expressing their creativity .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 9-year old daughter and she has played with it constantly . It includes some pretty sophisticated 3D modelling and animation tools in a very simple kid-friendly interface . She was able to learn the basics very quickly and let her imagination run wild with all sorts of wacky creations.There are also some additional add-ons available on their web site , most for free .
 Cosmic Blobs is sophisticated computer aided design for kids . We bought it for our 9 year old grandson and it proved to be too sophisticated for him to handle . We recommend this game for 12 to 13 year olds or brilliant younger kids .
 My nephews got this as a holiday gift and it was hit ! Lots of fun for the whole family !
 The game was fun for my 3 yr old and 6 yr old for about 2 months and it did teach them about 3-D graphics so I would still recommend this product . It 's pricy but after your kids are done w/the software you can always send it to their cousins ! It arrived on time and as pictured so I 'd buy from this seller again !
 First , do n't fall for the rebate thing . When I tried to peel the rebate sticker off the box , it pulled blue ink off the box with it , which ruined the side of the sticker that had all the vital info . on it . Also , do n't expect to get an exact version of what you use online if you 've been using their website . The look and feel of this software is entrely different , and some of the options automatically log you on to their internet website where you use the online stuff anyway -LRB- which is okay unless you bought the CD thinking it would be a good way to avoid the random crashes of EB 's website , when it keeps saying `` This page is unavailable . '' -RRB- Anyway , the other frustrating thing is that the `` standard '' version that the `` install '' disk loads does n't have everything on it . Once you try to look up a word -LRB- which is after you 've figured out how to use the new look and feel '' -RRB- , you keep getting messages to `` insert CD # 1 '' or `` insert CD # 2 . '' I had to UNINSTALL the installed version and then reinstall with the `` custom '' option so that I could tell it to load the info . on the other disks . However , I did n't have enough room on my hard drive for all the info . on the other disks , so I still have to keep switching out the CDs while I 'm trying to look things up . One other thing , this software also loads Microsoft Internet Explorer onto your system , which is how it accesses the Internet to get info . for you . It takes you to some kind of EB home page where they want you to make a home page and set up e-mail and so on . WHY IS THIS SO COMPLICATED ? I just wanted my own , reliable copy of the on-line encyclopedia so I could look up a word whenever I wanted without worrying about the site being down . I got a whole lot of other headaches along with what I wanted . I 'll use it , but I wish it was simpler and less sly about coercing me BACK onto their website .
 Britannica worked flawlessly on my computer and helped me write many reports with the help of the Research Assistant . The articles were in depth and interesting . Compass and Analyst helped with visual aids as did the timelines . Overall , Britannica was very easy to use .
 I found it ingredibly useful especially for reports and general information . I had no problems with my machine and this is the second Britannica ive bough in 3 years and each year it gets better .
 Everyone knows that Brent Mason is one of the greats in country guitar . I did not know how much material he had to teach . Guitar Star is easier to learn from than just the typical video of the guitarist playing things slower than usual . His videos do walk you through the material at a slower pace , but there are other learning modes . It is very effective to see the fret and string position light up as a progress marker shows you the tabs that apply . Using the video you can see his right hand technique , and left hand fingering . I play the leads at speed while learning them and work my way up to full speed . While playing at full speed with the backing track , the computer can not keep perfect timing , but without the backing track the timing is right . I wish the product were more like guitar pro - so I could download more artists materials , but this product does not do that . All said it is a great learning experience that should not be missed .
 I 'm a dual platformer by trade . I teach PCs but just bought my Powerbook G4 after a brief trip to the dark side -LRB- 6 years since my last Mac -RRB- . A born-again Mac Addict . I use CDwave for PC to track out live concert discs . It is simple and made solely made to record . split and export audio files . That left me searching for something comparable for Mac without buying a $ 500 software package that does more than I 'm ready for now.I just bought Peak LE after trying out the trialware . I saw it in the Apple Store and decided to try it . The saleslady actually recommended Sound Studio which is $ 50 instead of the $ 99 retail fpr Peak LE . And they do n't even carry it . I tried Sound Studio first but it crashes anytime you try to do something ... and I have 1Ghz Powerbook -LRB- fixed permissions and all -RRB- . I read that Sound Studio is prone to this and has done little to fix the problem . Prior to finding either program , I tried the free audio software , Audacity , but it is too complex for what I need . It is difficult to understand and manipulate . It also has little support and documentation.So I tried Peak LE and found it to be just the right amount of power I need for my means . I record live concerts -LRB- by permission of the bands -RRB- onto DAT , transfer to CD and track in a non-linear editor -LRB- i.e. Peak LE -RRB- . The most I need to do is fade-in and - out and other simple operations . In addition , you can even burn discs straight from Peak LE . DAO is the default settings with 0.00 s gaps between tracks ! The online documentation is excellent and it helped teach me to use the software before i even bought it!There are only a few criticisms of the software/packaging . A printed version of the 80-page manual and 50-page tutorials with the retail version of the software . I know I 'm a slave to paper . I also wish I could edit the markers and regions in a list format . Other than that , it 's perfect !
 I 'm not sure about the previous reviewer , but he/she obviously did n't know much about this product . Sonar 3 does , indeed , support Creative Labs soundcards . I use it with an Audigy 2 and there are many who I know who are even using it happily with a Soundblaster Live ! . A Live ! may not be the ideal solution for a professional production product like this , but it will work despite what the previous reviewer said . As for the latency issues , it would appear to me that the previous reviewer was unaware of how to set the latency settings . As far as I know , Sonar 3 comes configured to a default latency of 100ms . That can be easily and successfuly changed in an options menu down to single digits.Don ' t listen to the previous reviewer , it would appear they were misinformed and came to hasty conclusions . I can certainly recommend this product , and to my knowledge , it is by far the best sequencer available anywhere near the price range . I 've heard good things about Reason -LRB- by Propellerhead -RRB- too , but it does n't seem to be flexible and interoperable as Sonar 3 is .
 To `` armtuk '' : I had experience simularly before even with SONAR 2.2 ! But I did n't considered giving that software up so easily like that . Why not buy MAudio Audiophile 24/96 sound card . It works so well on mine ! Set it up to the lowest latency as you want and it will do very well . Mines is MAudio USB Quartro , yours is USB Duo . Both external audio/MIDI interface units are very good with other software programs like Steinberg Cubase , but does not work well with Cakewalk software at all . Even with the ASIO setup ! You can also try Delta 66 , Delta 1010 , or Omni Studio audio interface unit . I think they can do well with SONAR . If you have a laptop , then you could try a firewire audio/MIDI interface other than USB Duo for Cakewalk . Even though I do n't have SONAR 3 , but I like to get the newest SONAR 4 in the future . So far , I have a collection of Cakewalk software including the latest Home Studio Version Two .
 I had no problems at all . Worked jus the way we needed it to .
 This VPN client was very easy to set up and works great ! I connect to 9 different locations with this client and it was easy to duplicate the same setup at each location .
 If you have previous experience in setting up VPN between two FVS318 , this VPN software setup is piece of cake . It works fine for me espsecially for small office like mine , I can control all my servers when I am on a business trip even using dial up . It is awesome.To prevent dropping of VPN connection , you need to adjust the MTU size to 1492 or other numbers . This is the information I got from Netgear technical support and it worked.The only 2 complaints are :1 . I need to purchase it and does n't come with the router .2 . The other guy was right , it does n't work with Cisco VPN client
 I 've use previous version of the software for XP but needed to upgrade for Windows Vista . Note this will not work on Windows 7
 Called net gear for some fast help . The quick setup guide they sent me was great . I set up my utm , and then a remote workstation and it works very well and more importantly , very fast . Product works very well , and price point is acceptable . I definitely recommend .
 About the only thing bad I can say about Toast Titanium is that the update process from Mac OS 9 to Mac OS X was organized somewhat poorly -- a number of different updates , with unclear information about what was included in what update . But witha little work , it was easy enough to update , and now everything works pretty much as advertised . It makes the superdrive more accesible than it would be otherwise , and enhances the value of my computer by more than the purchase price of the software . A good purchase for anyone who wants to get more out of the superdrive .
 I 've been an avid user of Adaptec 's disc burning software Toast for a little over a year . So I was a bit disappointed when Adaptec decided to let Roxio handle the production of the software . However , when upgrade season came around I still went out and bought myself a full copy of Toast 5 . The program received a MAJOR overhaul and it was all for the best . New features include a shiny new interface and background burning . This means that now you can set your CD-RW to burn a CD and then use other software without fear that your machine will lock up or screw up your CD . It also boasts the ability to burn VCDs . There 's only one con to the software ... Background burning means that now my petty excuses to stop working during burning time are history ... It 's a superlative addition to your Mac burning needs .
 Earlier this year I purchased my first ever CD-RW . I had been planning this purchase for several years , but had not found a CD-RW model I really liked . The other problem was that I have a Mac G3-300 , the old top of the line Graphics machine . Having found an iomega CD-RW for a good price I tried to use Virual PC and the enclosed software to ceate CD 's . This did not work.Later that day I surfed worldwide for a solution to my problem . Roxio had a Titanium Toaster available and some good looking claims.It seemed like ages until the Toaster arrived in Sydney . It was the correct voltage and did n't explode as the 110v version might have . It has survived systems 8.x and 9.x with ease . Only the ATA 33 buses on my IDE drives slow it down . But the System and software are on the native SCSI drive.The GUI is easy to learn ; the manual is extensive , but somehow compact ; the toaster 's functionality is top class , allowing a wide variety of formats and uses ; inbuilt test and saftey features abound . Overall its a worthwhile product to own , very fexible and above all easy to learn.Make sure you always have at least two CD-RW 's available for live system testing , building up potential CD-R 's and other such tasks . CD-RW 's can prove invaluable as a source of joy when CD-R 's would otherwise have caused grief.Don ' t expect miracles from your computer processor and busses , the cleanest recordings happen when internt connections , and preferrably LAN connections are not active . However , the LAN can sometimes ba a source of disk based information . -LRB- Do n't use the Internet as a live source when burning toast , the Vegemite sticks to the keyboard . -RRB- Disk based information transfers much more cleanly than CD-ROM based information - even with the two CD-drives on two different busses.And get a copy of iTunes 2 -LRB- free from Apple -RRB- as this will help organise your '' . mp3 '' files over time , it also allows file refernces to be used in the toaster when making CD 's , saving disk space . The frisbee is alsways well burned or is that toasted ?
 LOVE IT Wish I only did n't wait so long to buy a copy . Been using Toast since my first 2x WORM drive . Over the years I 've burnt 100 's of CDR 's and only made a few coasters , mostly because of underburn ... -LRB- i thik that is what its called ; not geting enough info to the burner in time -RRB- . anyways I ca n't wait for the X version then I 'm going to go X like 50 % or more of my time with my Mac . I 'm waiting on a few more pesky programs to go Carbon -LRB- Hurry Up Adobe -RRB-
 I used the software that came with my burner and it was so poor . It would only let me burn at low speeds even though mine is a really fast burner . It would freeze every time I tried to burn a data CD . It would only let me burn 50 min on a 80min CD . So I finnaly broke down and bought the upgrade ... . I ` ts wonderfull !!!!! It does n't have any of the old bugs . It does n't freeze , and I can use CDs to their full potential . Best of all it looks so neat ! My best freind , who has a Window based computer , saw how the program looks and was asounded . I 'm glad I bought it .
 Two words
 it 's the best , all i 'm waiting4is2get my cd/dvd recorder ! have explored it , very good
 Great overall for Macs . I got this software mainly due to the fact that iPhoto does not allow for multisession burning . Using this software allows me to achieve this although it not as easy as I originally thought -LRB- nothing is as easy as using Mac software - oh well -RRB- . Also , I had some problems making cross-platform -LRB- Mac/PC -RRB- discs.Additionally , the included Discus software is pretty good for making labels .
 Toast has long been a staple for Mac users , and this version did n't disappoint . Even though OSX has it 's own CD/DVD burning software built in , it does n't compare in features and usability to Toast . I 've burned audio and data CDs and video and data DVDs , all with perfection and simplicity . It just does n't get any easier than Toast .
 Roxio Toast Titanium edition is a very complete program that any amateur `` ripper '' should be happy with . The program 's limitless audio burning features and data/video/photo choices make it one of the best programs for customizing CDs and burning Video CDs -LRB- VCDs -RRB- . One of the best features as far as I 'm concerned is the MP3 burning ability , which lots of earlier programs did not come with . If you have a MP # - compatible CD player or computer , you can store hundreds of more songs on a MP3 disk than on a regular CD . One of the only features I was disapointed with was the CD labeling software . The software included was only a demo , which was a surprise to me because from the retailer review -LRB- which is really just an advertisement -RRB- it sounded like I was going to be getting a much better program . I think the PR team at Roxio did a little creative number to get around the fact that it was a demo . The program also did not allow designing of many popular CD inserts ... OVERVIEWPros : - Lots of Features-MP3 Abilities-Video/Photo Choices-Combatibility with many CD-DrivesCons : - Bad CD Labeling Software-iMovie VCD Extension did not Work
 yes Toast deserves all the superlatives . But anyone who burns VCDs will hope another small upgrade is on the way . While Toast will burn VCDs perfectly , there is NO option to create a menu to navigate your VCD tracks . Poor . Wintel version can do it - are Mac users chopped liver ? It is a minor quibble 95 % of users may not care about - but I do ! So I hope roxio reads this !
 Toast is great ... it does everything I want to do with my recorder and it does contain an awesome label maker .
 Apple 's iTunes does fine by burning CD 's , but Toast is handier for burning and copying non-musical files and documents . In fact , Toast 5 , with the bundled Spin Doctor , is the only way to go if you 're converting analog to digital and editing out `` dead space '' and other objectionable noise on the wave forms . Toast 6 , on the other hand , includes an `` improved '' Spin Doctor -LRB- v. 2 -RRB- that makes the aforesaid editing a laborious , imprecise , and impractical exercise . If you 're planning to do manual editing of extended audio tracks -- a radio broadcast , for example -- forget about Toast 6 . But now you have another messy problem
 Good product the newest versions are even better . Far and away better than the PC program from the same company . Fast and mostly bug free . Easy to use out of the box .
 I have been using toast for three years now and this version is the best yet . Recently , I burned a cd copied tracks from another cd , Aiff and mp3 files from my hard drive . Toast did n't miss a beat and all played great in my car stereo . I was able to do this in the background while surfing the Web . I ca n't think of another program I own that I am so pleased with .
 Toast was one of the first programs I bought for my OS X iMac , and I 've certainly not regretted handing over the money in the slightest . It works perfectly with an Iomega external USB drive on my iBook and G3 iMac , and also with the Superdrive on my G4 flat-screen iMac.Why get Toast when OS X will already burn CDs and DVDs ? I wanted it mostly for its VideoCD features - before I was lucky enough to have an iMac had a Superdrive , I wanted to make discs that could be played in home DVD players . Thanks to iMovie and Toast , that 's exactly what I did
 I 'm taking back some previous bad words about this program . The problem was that I had just mastered iTunes which , at the time , I thought could not be improved upon for burning CD 's . Moreover , using a freeware download , I was able to digitize analog signals from vinyl LP 's and cassettes , so why had I purchased Toast?Since then , I 've had a chance to give Toast a fuller audition . To overuse those worn-out words by Amazonian enthusiasts
 Toast is a really nice software package , although quirky at times . All the blame ca n't be placed on Toast . It , like so many other software titles , adds extensions to your Mac which can conflict with so many other extensions . Still , if your Mac is reasonably conflict free , you should be able to burn CDs or DVDs with fervor . The interface is clean , although not intuitive enough . -LRB- Click-and-hold a button for options is not an obvious method . -RRB- Toast does a very good job of burning Mac data , PC data and hybrid data CDs . Audio burning has also been improved in this version and , Toast can now recognize an audio image file to find track breaks . Previously only Jam was smart enough to recognize individual tracks in an audio image.Some tips
 Toast just keeps getting better and better with each version that 's released.You really do n't have to read any instructions ... just dragging and dropping files , disk images or mounted disk drives/partitions onto the Toast interface makes everything intuitive.Burning a CD could n't really be much easier with the level of control -LRB- naming your CD , changing how it will appear when opened , etc. -RRB- you get in this application.Creating a CD image on your desktop goes by FAST so if you 're on a slow network , you can make an image on your desktop , then burn from that without worrying about user loads on your network.Naturally , this software will also burn/copy PC-only and PC/Mac hybrid discs in addition to Mac-only CDs . This is a professional industry-grade package . For CD burning software , you ca n't get much better than this product .
 This software is compatible with virtually any kind of burner , including burners meant only for PC 's . It replaces Apple 's burning extensions with Roxio 's superior version , which allows programs like iTunes to burn CD 's on burners that it was n't supposed to support . You can master DVD 's , VCD 's , Hybrid PC-Mac discs , HFS + hybrid , audio cd 's , MP3 cd 's , CD-i , ISO 9660 , multi-track CD-ROM XA , device copy , disk images , enhanced music CD , mac os extended , the list goes on . Converts iMovies into VCDs to watch on your DVD player . Allow 's the creation of disk images for those with only a burner that wish to duplicate disks . It allows amazing cross-platform compatibilty . Overall the greatest burning software ever made .
 I used my new iMac with superdrive for almost four months before I discovered this program . It took a bit of research for me to learn why I needed this program when OS X comes with its own built in CD/DVD burn software . If all you need to do is burn discs for backup and make music CDs and DVDs - you do n't need Toast . However , if you want to make PC-compatible DVDs or CDs or want to burn DVD-R 's that will play in a DVD player without using the iDVD application , then you need Toast.Basically anything I have wanted to do with a CD/DVD burner , this sofware supported it . I had no problems with install and it has worked flawlessly since I installed it . The user interface is highly intutive and I have not had to crack open the help more than once . Highly recommended .
 I just bought a Mac G4 and it came with a burner , but the only way to burn things is through itunes , which is OK , but toast towers the competion with it 's old style jukebox graphics and it user friendly file formatting . It also comes with a cd labeler for your discs . I like the fact too that you can burn stuff in the background while other programs are open . Shhhhhhh , do n't tell anyone this when you get it , especially for work . This would ruin the chance for a break . Titanium Toast is the best and most diverse program I 've seen . I highly recommend it . ...
 I am very impressed with all this software has to offer . It is also very easy to use.I am transferring all my old records , cassetes , and open reel tapes using the Spin Doctor program.It provides me with filters to clean up noise as well as enhancing filters that make great sound improvementsto my old analogue stuff.It also is very easy to burn CD 's and make cool labels for them . I got a good price from Amazon and a rebate which makes it an even better deal but if you pay full price it is still a bargain.Some of the software included I have n't used yet so I wo n't comment .
 I absolutely love Toast 5.0 It allows me to make iMovies on my Mac , transfer them to QuickTime , and burn cross platform disks . This is especially great in education , where I use Mac , but three fourths of my students use Windows based platforms . We can do multi-media projects and they are accesible to almost anyone . I was worried that the Apple ` disc burner ' software would put Toast out of business , but for anything but the most basic burn , Toast is still the best .
 I read all the reviews for this product on Amazon and whatever I could find on other sites , including PC Magazine , C-net etc. and from them I concluded I should make the purchase . Originally I was going to try Frontpage , but this at half the price seemed a better buy . In other reviews I have read about ftp problems , my experience is no problems . I used the downloaded version before my Amazon purchase came and I played with the product with no instructions for about two hours making tons of mistakes trying to get it to work -LRB- believe me having a manual makes things much easier -RRB- . I must have uploaded different versions of a test website 100 times and never experienced a failure . The software comes with a little `` get started '' book along with a more in depth manual and the little book is really nice because they walk you through a simple website . I am a programmer , but if you are willing to do some fiddling around like me this product is not really difficult to learn for anyone who can at least use a web browser . The only possible complaint I have is the lack of a more comprehensive clip art and theme collection . The way I look at it though you can get the clip art anywhere and the limited themes are a good start , other than this MINOR annoyance I am extremely happy with this purchase . You can download and print a pdf instruction manual with the 30 day downloaded software version if you wish , I did not because I chose to see how intuitive the GUI interface was and I knew the manual was coming with the software from Amazon .
 Wow ! I have been using the trial version of Namo WebEditor 5.5 for about a week , and I am astounded by the amount of functionality this program has , including code-cleanup , CSS , layers , PHP/JSP/ASP database access , and a vector graphics editor to name some of the more interesting features . The only big feature missing is templates . Almost as good as Dreamweaver & Fireworks together . This is an excellent low-cost solution to web development -LRB- even for someone like myself who usually likes to do it by hand -RRB- . If you need an inexpensive web creation tool , download the trial version of this software . I think you 'll be very pleased .
 I originally wrote this review Namo WebEditor 5.0 , which also applies to Namo WebEditor 5.5 : I have been using Namo Web Editor for two years now and it is great . The site management features and easy-to-use interface has allowed me to create personal and business sites with little effort . I also use Front Page , but Namo has more features and you do n't need those Front Page extensions to use ALL of the features in Namo . Before you buy Front Page try Namo , it is worth the price.As for Namo WebEditor 5.5 ... The biggest benefit to Namo 5.5 is the Web Canvas application that is included . Web Canvas allows you to create quick , good looking , graphics for your site and can be used as a stand alone draw package . Since it is integrated with the editor , you can easily create roll over graphics with three states -LRB- Normal , Mouseover , Highlight -RRB- without much effort . I was using Paint Shop Pro to create graphics for my site , but Web Canvas is easier and quicker to use . I still use PSP , but mainly for editing existing graphics on my drive.As far as some of the negative , or less than perfect , ratings for this product , the reviewers , in my opinion , have not taken the time to learn how to use the product , which does n't take long . Although Namo allows for quick page and site building , some of the advanced features take a little time to understand and apply . Once you have read the easy to understand documentation , all of the features can be easily applied , including site css implementation , cross platform scripts , custom themes , and other advanced features.You get a lot more than you pay for with this product . There is a forty dollar upgrade rebate on the box -LRB- not showing in Amazon 's price -RRB- , which is good if you own any other editor , or a twenty dollar rebate just for buying it . With or without the rebates , I would pay twice as much as I have paid for all of versions I own , including this one .
 I want to make it clear that Namo WebEditor is not for people who are `` wet behind the ears '' and barely understand the concept of Copy and Paste . Namo WebEditor is easy to use for those who feel like they have at least grown past the dazed and confused , clueless newbie stage.It is possible to find dummied-down web editors out there that are even easier to use than Namo WebEditor , but you 'll usually have to give up a lot and put up with a lot . You 'll probably get bloated , slow-loading code that may not be cross-browser compatible , and if the program allows you to access to the HTML , it will probably be limited and the program might mangle any code you insert . It 's usually a pain to add or delete text and images with those programs since the pages will not adjust automatically like they will when using Tables with Namo WebEditor . After a while , you 'll start to feel the invisible shackles of those babyfied web editors and you 'll ache for something better . Namo WebEditor is that something better . It gives us the freedom and power we desire without sacrificing user-friendliness . It does n't assume you are a rocket scientist , but it does n't treat you like you 're in diapers either.If you require a boat load of generic templates to choose from so your web site looks exactly like 10,000 other web sites out there , Namo WebEditor may not be for you since it does n't come with that many templates at this time . But , if you hate the cookie-cutter look and want to create your own pages , Namo 's WYSIWYG drag and drop editor makes it easy . I created my own pages with Namo WebEditor from scratch and it was fun , not frustrating . I designed a page that I was satisfied with -LRB- I call it my sourdough page -RRB- and used that page to make all of the others . You only have to create one page from scratch and then use that page as a template . Some newbies try to create every page from scratch which is silly and I can see why they would be frustrated.I do n't have room here to mention all of the things I have written on my Web Design Deodorizer page about why I love Namo Web Editor , but I 'll try to hit the highlights . One really cool feature that could be overlooked is the Document Information dialog box . It shows the total file size of the page -LRB- including the file sizes of images -RRB- , it gives you a word count , and it tells you approximately how fast the page will load using different connection speeds . Even a chronically negative person would have to admit that is a very useful feature.If you 've used other web editors , the copy and paste abilities of Namo 's WYSIWYG editor might shock you . Many other web editors only copy plain text -LRB- stripped of all attributes -RRB- , but Namo WebEditor allows you to copy the style , font , color , links , paragraph style , background color , table properties , cell properties , and so on . After you copy and paste using Namo WebEditor a few times , your old web editor may seem awkward and outdated.Namo WebEditor also has a built-in spell checker , multiple undo/redo , case changer -LRB- upper case , lower case , sentence case , and more -RRB- , HTML verification , and it will also clean up the HTML for you if you want . Namo WebEditor not only has find and replace , but it also has global find and replace which is great for doing things such as updating the copyright date on every page . If you have a lot of pages , you can change in seconds what it would normally take days to change by hand.On top of everything else , Namo WebEditor has an instant access , color coded HTML editor . Of course , you never have to use it , but for people who know at least a little HTML or those who just need to add special code to a page -LRB- such as code for an advertisement -RRB- , it 's such a nice thing to have.I 've only had a few questions since owning Namo WebEditor and I got fast answers at their forum every time . The whole Namo experience has been enjoyable so far and I do n't think things are going to change any time soon since I 've had Namo WebEditor for over a year now . It 's a great product for creating and maintaining a web site and unlike some other web editors , it does n't require a monster computer to run . Namo WebEditor worked as smoothly on my old 233MHz computer as it did on the 2.60 GHz computer that followed . That 's impressive on it 's own , but add in all of the other things along with the affordable price and you 're looking at a must-have web design product that almost anyone with a PC can enjoy .
 Hello , First let me state this
 This title is what they mentioned in their website and I could not believe at first what this WebEditor could do for me . ... I can definitely say that this has it all in one at lower price than any product . ... THIS IS JUST A GREAT PRODUCT !
 This is the only one you should go for if you are looking for an affordable , yet good quality program . Forget Frontpage from M$ corp. . And dont even mention Dreamweaver that costs 400 bucks . Get Namo . Try before buy it . And , be sure to sign up for product updates so that you get discount code with which you can get 50 % off from namo.com
 Namo Web Editor blows every other web utility program out of the water . It is very easy to use . I knew nothing about html before I started and I was making beautiful websites without any html knowledge . Since using Namo , I have taught myself html , how to make beautiful graphics , banners , animation and everything you can think of . I learned a lot of different things just by reading their help section . Namo puts Microsoft FrontPage to shame . There is no comparison . Namo is awesome , top of the line , and the best program out there . I love my Namo and recommend it to everyone .
 As many had praised this one - This software is really a good one . I tried Dreamweaver MX 2004 and FrontPage 2003 . As I am not into HTML -LRB- I used to write some when it was in version 3 or something in the pre-DHTML days -RRB- and am more into graphic designing my sites - I decided that Drewamweaver is not my tool and definitely not in my budget limits . FP2003 however is closer in feel and cost but NAMO WE5 .5 has all the features I was looking for in such a tool and in a much more convenient way of doing it . Just a small example of GUI design
 1 -RRB- Download a trial version of the program from namo.com or download.com 2 -RRB- During the installation process , enter your email address and opt in to receive product updates .3 -RRB- You will get $ 40.00 discount coupon that can be used at any time .
 After using this product for a while , I thought I would comeback and give it another update . As with most things , thewarts start to show after a while . There are two types ofnits , things that could be done better , but are not ; andbugs . I expect a small amount of both , however , I alsoexpect some level of support and update for bugs.On the `` It could be better side '' Namo is still a very goodproduct . Yes , they are week for CSS editing , and a fewother things . However , overall it is still a good product.Now , for the bugs . Well , quite honestly about the onlything that separates a big dollar package like Adobe orDreamweaver MX from the little products is support . Thebig guys have it , the little guys do n't . One big issueis lack of good support for Netscape . Namo seems to haveforgeten that Netscape use is still almost as large as IE.However , several items which are advertised , do not workat all on Netscape . -------- Original Rating ----------------- Wow ! What more can I say ? Few products live up to their billing , but Namo WebEditor 5.5 succeeds . On a feature for feature comparison , WE5 .5 matches up with the big boys , including Adobe GoLive 6.0 and DreamWeaver MX . To be honest , I hav n't actually used DreamWeaver , only read the reviews . I have however , used several web editors , including Adobe GoLive 6.0 . Namo v 5.5 is more intuitive than GoLive , and seems to have all the features as well . For simple quick starts , it ca n't be beat , and for advanced site editing and maintenance it is great as well . The site manager is very good -LRB- as good as GoLive 's -RRB- , and the smart menu 's , text and buttons are an incredible time saver.Too good to be true for $ ... ! ... However , do n't bother with Namo version 5.0 . It has several bugs , and several of the great features in 5.5 are missing . For virtually the same price , forget version 5.0 , get 5.5 .
 If you 're interested in NAMO WebEditor 5.5 , consider that Namo is offering a free upgrade to WebEditor 5.5 to those that have purchased 5.0 . The upgrade comes in the form of a downloadable patch available on the Namo web page . Go to
 I use this product over Dreamweaver for the reason that it is simple and quick and the upgrades are less than half the price of a upgrade of Dreamweavers . I am looking foward to the new release that is comming out in the beginning of next year ... : -RRB-
 I wanted to create some HTML docs and I wanted to cut and paste stuff off the web and also keep some links.I tried frontpage and coffeecup and got no traction . With this I had my html doc ready and cleaned with all cross links and refernces in place.Absolutely great A + + + + + + + +
 This title is what they mentioned in their website and I could not believe at first what this WebEditor could do for me . Having used Frontpage once ... and never get back to used it again , and being using Dreamweaver , I can definitely say that this has it all in one at lower price than any product . I provided with proof of purchase of Dreamweaver , and they GAVE ME BACK -LSB- money -RSB- as well ... THIS IS JUST A GREAT PRODUCT !
 This is the only one you should go for if you are looking for an affordable , yet good quality program . Forget Frontpage from M$ corp. . And dont even mention Dreamweaver that costs 400 bucks . Get Namo . Try before buy it . And , be sure to sign up for product updates so that you get discount code with which you can get 50 % off from namo.com
 To easy -LRB- and slow -RRB- for 5 year olds , but perfect for 2.5 to 4 year olds . This game would also work for kids who are first learning how to use the computer . At 3 they love the fact that Steve talks alot , and that the game moves at a much slower pace . The wonderful thing about the game is the complexity of the story , and how many levels there are . I think of all the games that my two boys have played this one still sits near the top .
 The previous reviewer mentioned that the 5-year-old playing the game found it too slow and very disappointing in terms of being interactive and engaging . I think that this is a reasonable point to make but I think the game should n't be sold out based on this point alone . I have a 3-year-old who is really into the game , and I think that the age level makes a huge difference . She is very much into reading and into pointing out specific details so even if the game slows a bit while traveling from point to point there is always something there for her to find and comment on . She in particular enjoys how much there is to click on with every screen . I think if she were a couple years older this would n't be the game for her . Perhaps the age suggestion on the game -LRB- 3-6 -RRB- should be changed to apply mainly to preschool children . Blue 's Clues could certainly offer -LRB- and probably does offer -RRB- games for the slightly more advanced school-age child .
 Fun game ! We actually had the first CD and the second CD got broken so I ordered it again . I love this game for my preschool age child . The only thing is that I thought it was suppose to come in a hard Jewel Case but it came in a paper white CD envelope . That was misleading .
 My kids are having fun . My 3 year old enjoys it , but he can not complete it on his own . My 7 year old had fun too even though it is easy for her and she played it only once . The only problem with these kind of games is once you played them you are done . It would of been nice if there was more one way to play like blue 's birthday , still it was fun .
 I 've played cracked versions of this game . Never tried the console versions ; from what I 've read on the web , they do n't seem to be much different from the PC version.To make it easier to play on my PC , I 've made an image of the game . Then , a disk image loader is used to load that file before playing the game . No need to take the CD out of the jewel case whenever I need to play or reinstall the game.It 's shorter than I remember it . If I were an insanely great coder , I 'd make a bot for this game , so I could just sit back and watch this game play itself . I 'd hook my laptop to the HDTV in the living room and enjoy it . That 's how great it is for me . I love Taz ! One of the best cartoon characters EVER .
 I have used all the Windows programs . I find Me to be much better than 98SE . I have yet to get the blue screen of death , which was a regular occurence in 98SE . The defragment program defragments my 20G disk in 1/10 of the time 98 took . This alone is a great feature.I have a Hebrew enabled verson and the help screen is now consistently in the language of my choice . This was n't the case with 98 . The only downside is installation of the enabled version was more complicated than previous versions . It took some time to tweek it so that it is running like I want it to.I have been using it for about a month and find it to be the best of the Windows editions .
 I have a laptop that is running Windows 98SE and I do n't think that it 's preforming like it is suppose to be so I have upgraded to Windows ME and oh my all my sluggish issues has went away . Now I can open up programs at the speed of light , surf the internet like i 'm the only one there this is the best OS by far . I do n't know why people are giving it low stars it 's great by far . I 'm never going back to Windows 98SE ever again look out internet here I come . Best OS ever built i 'm not even going to try the other OS 's 2000 , XP , Vista , and 7 . Windows ME works for me what 3.1 & 98 could not ever compete with . I highly recommend this OS than any other OS since it has no issues with it everything works perfect with this beast.Oh and My system spec for just the laptopCPU
 I recently bought a used laptop running Windows 2000 and it was really sluggish so I installed Windows ME and have n't looked back . My computer is so much faster.My System Specs64 MB RAM4 GB Hard DriveCD-Rom/FloppyI am running Windows ME with Internet Explorer 6 and Windows Media Player 9 , It 's Windows 98 improved with USB support and a greater range of compatability with other keyboards , flash drives , MP3 players ETC. . You will have to be patient with this operating system . This is by no means a Vista or XP but it still has plenty of Screensavers , Games , Themes , Wallpapers and other incentives . Windows ME is definitely for me .
 No one likes to have to upgrade an operating system . I went from Win 95 to Win 98 to take advantage of a larger hard drive without having to cut it into smaller 2 GB drives . And to utilize my cable modem via USB , I needed to upgrade to ME.There are a lot of horror stories out there about upgrades . These horror stories worried me -- so much so that I started with a blank drive when I went from 95 to 98 . But this time , I decided to do the upgrade on top of my system and it went without a hitch.As with any upgrade , clean-up your hard drive -LRB- uninstalling unwanted or unnecessary programs and fies -RRB- and back up everything . Archive your Outlook address book and emails -LRB- choose the archive option in email options and save the . pst file -RRB- . Worst case scenario is that you have to format your hard drive and start over again . But in this case , I was pleasantly surprised how easy and painless the upgrade went .
 I 'm really not sure why other reviews of Windows Me have n't been so favourable . Sure its an intermediate OS between windows 98 and XP but its worth having . The improvements over 98 are the media player , the picture preview function in windows explorer , some visual improvements , and my favorite - the automatic internet connection which means you can put a copy of your dial-up programme in the start-up menu and it will connect straight away when you turn your computer on . Overall its pretty good actually and a significant improvement from windows 98 for the home user . I havent had any problems with blue screens or crashes like other users seem to have . Windows 98 was three years ago -- step into the new millenium : -RRB-
 I , too , took the bait for the latest , greatest version of the home system OS . I have to agree with many here that it 's not worth it to just * upgrade * any of the win9x versions . In all my experience of making computers , the best install is always a clean install . Yeah , it takes extra time and , yeah , you actually have to think about things like backups , etc. but , in the end , you 'll save so much time and frustration.I really like the Home Networking and Internet Sharing wizards because we have two PCs and I do n't have to even mess with protocols , proxy software , etc. to get both machines linked .
 Out of all Windows OS 's I have used , i.e. windows 3.1 , windows 95 , and windows 98 , this is the best one out there . In my opinon , Windows is getting better and better . When I was set to go and buy Windows Me , many people told me that it was having a lot of problems , then they say it is the upgrade . That is what they said about Windows 98 upgrade . I have not had one problem . I has not frozen up , and it seems that it is running faster and more reliable that Windows 98 was . I just have to say that this is a very good OS . I can not say for the upgrade , I got the full version and started over . This is worth the price .
 Microsoft Windows Millennium Edition can be a great operating system program if you work with it ! Well ... I have a computer that came with Windows XP Home Edition , and I saw that I was more use to Windows Me , and put that on . Worked fine ! All you need to do is work with it ! I saw some other reviewers , and they came up with alot of problems . Here may be a solution , when you first start Windows Me , and have an internet connection , do n't do the all updates at onec , and you should n't install your software so quickly , That causes problems , because I use to do that . I only installed my most used programs the first week , then moved on . Still works without any errors ! Maybe , I have had one blue screen of death in the whole years that I have had Windows Me . Overall , it is great ! Or if you want to buy Windows XP , then it includes all the features of Me , and reliablity of Windows 2000 Professional . Good luck if you 're buying Windows Me !
 I have both Windows Millennium Edition and XP on my computer.However , I use M.E. more . It has most of the options XP has , likeMedia Player 7 , Internet Explorer 5.1 , and many others.I play LOTS of games , and some games are not compatible with XP.M.E . is based on Windows 98 , witch most games are desigend for . Not into games ? Think about this , most cameras , CD drives , and other hardware need an updated driver to work with XP.What kind of ... is that ! : -LRB- If you 're looking for an Operating System that wo n't have you spending hours searching for downloads , go with Millennium Edition : -RRB-
 Wow . Those guys with the angry 0/5 reviews are n't hotheads who do n't know how to use their computers , they 're right ! It 's amazing how a company that produces such buggy products already has me waiting for their next one ... how DO they do it ? To give a few more details , I experience one or two crashes a day , 90 % of which are from microsoft programs -LRB- Outlook Express , Internet Explorer , Word , PowerPoint -RRB- Oh , and the 5/5 rating was just to stand out from the crowd -- I hope I did n't raise the overall rating too much .
 Windows ME is awesome ! I was watching a demonstration on ZDTV about it . It is DOSless Windows . For those of you who do n't know what I mean , DOS is one of the main reasons Windows crashes and takes so long to load . Boot-up time is cut in half , and it is very stable.Also , there is an INCREDABLE system restore feature . Windows will automaticaly take snap shots of your computer , and if some how your computer got really messed up you can restore your computer to a previous snap shot . From there you can undo that restore , go back some more , or keep it how it is.This is really the way Windows was ment to be . Also , Microsoft announced that this is the last Home-user operating system . The next OS from Microsoft will be NT based . Personally I think that that Microsoft is going to keep on shooting those OUTSTANDING Home-user operating systems our way.I already Pre-ordered my copy . Should n't you?Thank You Microsoft !
 This is one of my besy and favorite Operating System yet to come ! Windows Millennium Edition is truly a consumer edtion of all Windows ! Well ... I bought a computer , that had Windows XP Home Edition on it already . But , I made a choice and put Millennium Edition on it . Windows Me not only comes with programs specially designed for Home Computing , it comes with faster start up times which I really like . I play all my music on Windows Me , and it never has a problem ! My Pictures is a great new Document Folder ! It comes with a program called `` Windows Picture Viewer '' . But , I heard that some people were having problems with software . And I might just know what it is ! If you have an internet connection , and first installed Windows Millennium Edition , and just did all the updates at onec , then there might be your problem ! Windows Me is n't Windows 2000 code , it is still Win . 9x code ! Which in Win .9 x it is not a s stable . I waited at least a few days , then did them . Also , see if your hardware on what kind it is . Some hardware , such as some cameras might not work . Just always be sure to check with your Hardware Vendor and see if it 's compadible . And , one more solution , just like I said with the updates , do n't install you programs so fastly at one time ! You Operating System could do better ! So ... conlusions are , Windows Me is great and recommend this Operating system for consumers ! Just work with it , and have fun with it !
 Windows ME is an awesome product . Much easier to use , and many long and complex messages have been simplified.FAST startup time and allot more stable than previous operating systems . Ca n't wait for another great Microsoft product ! -LRB- Windows XP -RRB-
 You should buy this product right now . It makes Windows 98 even better , faster and friendlier , relinquishing the mostly redundant DOS support in the process . This is a thoroughbred of home computer operating systems , and at $ 50 for the upgrade version , anybody can afford it .
 Ok , look . I 'm sure that Gates knows that by releasing this hardly new version of Windows , he is going to get fat cash from every single one of his mindless customers , even if there is nothing new to offer . He 's changed icons , added otherwise free software , sped up the opening/closing process in its programs , etc. . In that respect , bad choice Gates ... you 're gon na lose respect for yourself -LRB- not like anyone respects you much as it is . -RRB- But what to do if you already have the operating system and are having problems ? Well , something that many people do n't know is that operating system UPGRADES are bad news . First of all , when installing programs onto your computer , certain files get placed in certain areas , and sometimes the places they are put are not in the best interest of your system as a whole . So if this happens for programs , imagine what happens with an operating system . Way worse . Answer ? Start over . If you can , format your hard drive -LRB- s -RRB- and install the FULL version of the new windows on a clean slate -LRB- more expensive/time consuming -RRB- . If you 're not willing to do this , forget about the new operating system . 98 works fine .
 I 've seen lots of negative reviews of this product on Amazon , and I 'm not sure why . This really is a better product than Windows 95 or 98 . It boots up and shuts down FAR faster than 95 and 98 . Other people claim that they have had to upgrade their software to work on ME -LRB- e.g. , WinFax 10 , Norton AntiVirus 2000 or 2001 , etc. -RRB- . This simply is n't true . I am running Office 97 , WinFax 9 , Norton AntiVirus 5 , and lots of other old programs . I have not had to purchase a single new piece of software since I purchased my new machine that came with Windows ME . In fact , many of these older programs work better and faster on ME than they did with 95 and 98 . We all know the crash problems that occurred often with 95 and 98 ; but , under ME my computer has not crashed a single time in 4 months of substantial use . Even some of my games run better under ME . Since I 've run some games on ME , I have noticed new sounds and new effects that were n't evident before . Overall , Windows ME is a solid product . Do n't let all the negative reviews dissuade you .
 My wife and I recently acquired a new PC laptop to replace our aged and decrepit tower . The decision to be made beforehand was what operating system to have the vendor install - Windows 2000 or ME . About the latter , my computer savvy brother said , `` It 's a cruel hoax by Microsoft '' . Moreover , a friend working in my employer 's Information Services Department cautioned , `` Do n't get ME under any circumstances . '' So , exercising the good sense that 's guided me for half a century , I got the laptop with ME anyway.Now , I got ta tell ya . I 'm a not computer nerd by inclination or training . I do n't set up networks like my brother does , or do software beta testing like my ISD bud . I need my wife to explain to me terms like `` USB '' , `` SCSI '' , `` firewall '' , and the difference between `` CD-RW '' and `` CD-ROM '' . Hey , I just want to be able to turn on the productivity tool and complete the task at hand , whether it 's in Word , Excel , PowerPoint or Outlook . So , from that eminently pragmatic vantage point , I can say that ME works JUST DANDY , thank you very much . And , wow , does it ever load fast without all that DOS gibberish!After reading the other opinionated reviews concerning ME , it 's evident one either loves or loathes the software . I sense , however , that those in the latter group likely upgraded to ME from a previous version , while those in the former camp started from a fresh install . Perhaps it 's because my shiny new toy was born with ME that I can give the OS a `` thumbs up . '' God bless Bill Gates , ME and Microsoft .
 ME is much more reliable and efficient . New features like active `` start '' menu bar which hides less used shortcuts gives you better and tidy looking menus . Very useful for people like me . But it slows down the system as usual ...
 Every day I thank Microsoft for Windows Me - usually I lay abed in my Victorian mansion , thinking about what an update this thing was on XP and 98 . With those two operating systems you had to go in there and sort of tinker around until you had everything perfect , on the time line . But after the time line quake , when the trembling time line swung on its ferocious head and we started living backwards , Windows Me proved to be the exceptional friend of technology users everywhere . A cinch to load on , since all you do is plunk in the CDs and push the blinking yellow tiger that then says , `` GO ! '' in a real cute , funny voice.It 's great , especially for portable users , users who places to go , to be , and so on . There 's this great sense of like , -- well you 're just sitting there in a busy airport and you plug in your laptop and Windows Me allows you to just get out there and get it done!In my opinion , Me is the WAY to go , enhancing the Windows experience in a flattering and modular way .
 This upgrade to Windows 98 is wonderful ! I have n't had it crash but once since it was released - windows 98 crashed on my daily without fail - and includes ZIP -LRB- integrated -RRB- support and many other features . Go and get it today !
 Ok Windows Me is the best operating system out there by far . I used to have windows 98 it crashed alot. , i had trouble with slowness not any more when I upgraded to windows me . I thought I would have more trouble than before . I was wrong windows me Has not crashed yet ! Plus it is way faster that windows 98 . Plus it starts up faster than windows 98 as well.With alot of new features like windows movie maker and system restore. , You can rely more on it that any other version of windows . Even xp ! all the new features . I do n't have time to tell you about all of them ok . I 'm limited to 1,000 words ok and I would highly recommened this version of windows to anyone . With a computer and would really highly recommened it to windows 98 users . This is the best windows version on the market today ! So do n't believe those other reviews that say it 's junk . Because It 's not so buy this today you wo n't regret it !
 I 've read a lot of people 's reviews , and seriously , they do n't even used it as long as I did . I 've been able to use my webcam , microphone , etc. and many other programs with this OS . It 's the PERSON who does n't know how to use it . The difference with Windows ME from Windows XP is that it has better security from hackers and it 's also less buggy . Windows XP is an NT-based OS while ME still has it 's base from Win95/Win98 , which shows that it 's still capable of having a really awesome performance . I totally recommend this product .
 I Have This Software Product and it tuns more smoothly and faster that my windows 98 computer and its runs a whole lot faster and better that windows xp I think xp crashes all the time with windows me I hav n't even had Any problems any error on my pc at all yet and I want to thank microsoft for making such i great product !!!!!
 I owned Windows ME from 2000 to 2005 -LRB- when I upgraded to Windows XP Home Edition SP2 -RRB- . My computer came with ME pre-installed . Not as stable as Windows XP . Only ever crashes when you do n't defrag , spy ware scan , virus scan and reg clean . If you do this daily - weekly . You will be running more stable . I 'm not exactly sure why Microsoft released this operating system so close to Windows 2000 and Windows XP . I think it is because of a delay in XP causing ME to be a force release . A bit like a XP Beta . Id recommend it to anyone but if you 're looking for that extra piece of stability , performance and not looking for the blue screen of death id recommend XP.Minimum requirements states :150 MHz PII32MB Memory2GB Hard diskMy Recommended Minimum is700MHz Celeron , 600MHz Pentium III or equivalent256MB Memory20GB Hard Disk Drive -LRB- 5400RPM -RRB- That is also enough power for Windows XP . Although on XP I do recommend 512MB Memory rather than 256mb .
 I 'm quite pleased with the load times and functionality of Windows ME . I have commend Microsoft for taking the boot time of this operating system and chopping it in half , however , that 's little consolation when you end up rebooting twice as much ! It 's still a buggy program ; some pieces of software really do a number on the memory management software . My advice
 Better than 98 . It loads faster and features built-in USB Mass Storage drivers for usb disks . Has System Restore -LRB- It works -RRB- in case of emergency and Automatic Updates so you do n't need to go to Windows Update to check for updates .
 A little over priced for what you get . It has alot more bells and whistles , like active start menu , easier digital camera and scanner option , and system restore and it 's more stable then ' 98 . Cosmetically , it looks better than 98 , and has an improved support feature . It runs a little slower , but you can easily tweak it for speed . It can be kind of tricky setting up for the first time , but once you get it set up , it 's a good OS for a new computer , but alot of money for what the upgrade offers .
 If you have used Windows 98 before and have felt the changes it offered from Windows 95 were insufficient , then this upgrade would be considered major to you . Microsoft have added several brand-new programs to this new OS , and have touched up on the old , Windows 95 interface . It now looks like Windows 2000 , but only with the less-restrictive kernel most home-users and gamers would prefer . The interface is very professional - much smoother than that of older Windows versions , and worth the upgrade for this improvement alone . Windows 95 and 98 users will be wanting to throw away the older , less stable version of Windows , and upgrading to the newer Windows technology . Current Windows 2000 users should not `` upgrade '' , however , because this version of Windows is Windows 2000 -LRB- in a nutshell -RRB- , only without the strength , security and reliability . This would have to be the next generation of Windows , after the Windows 32-bit generation .
 This is a great extension to the Windows 98 line of operating systems . Unfortunately it is also the last in that line . The flexibility of having a modern operating system with Dos compatibility was a great idea so long as it was handled correctly .
 I am very pleased that Windows ME runs 50 % better on my black MacBook than it ever did on my old HP desktop . Microsoft should be embarrassed ! It is possible to run this OS better than even XP or Vista but you will need to know how to manually install many of the drivers.Mark ,
 I have WIN ME on a Compaq 5WV280 system and while I have had a few problems with it in the beginning , after downloading some updated drivers and dat file , I found the crashes pretty much stopped . The only real problem that I 've had with WIN ME is that it wo n't let me play my older DOS based games -LRB- Unearthed Aranca - D&D / AD&D games -RRB- Other than that , it 's worked just fine for me , especially since more and more software and hardware manufacturers are starting to support it .
 Ok , first I 'd like to start off saying I have been using Windows ME for about two years . And I have to say I 'm quite pleased with it . The Internet Explorer , Media Player 7.0 , the system restore feature , and the other enhancements have worked well for me . Those of you who experience crashes should try updating your drivers for your hardware . Secondly to those users who say they have trouble doing scandisk and defrag , do it in safe mode ! Also ME does have does , it 's just hidden . You can access dos programs including the dos scandisk by useing a Windows ME startup disk which you can create in the add/remove programs section in the control panel on the startup disk tab.The only thing I 'd recommend is that you have at least 128mb of RAM , and a RAM optimizer program to help clear out RAm when it gets too low . Also visit the Windows update site , there are fixes for some of the problems you people are describing , and with the updates in place you will find ME more stable . Personally I love it much better than Windows 98 , it crashes less often . If you get a ram optimizer program , your computer wont slow down as quickly and you wont have to reboot as often . But of course at this point I 'd just recommend getting Windows XP or 2k , because they are more stable than the 9x core . However , for a 9x code , Windows ME is a decent !
 If I were just reviewing WinMe by itself , it would get about a 3 star rating , but since I have done a little research of what Windows XP is going to look like , I have to give it a 4 , just so that people will but it instead of XP . From what I 've seen of XP , it deserves a -10 stars.Sure , WinMe loads faster than previous versions , but that only means that the OS is loaded , it does n't mean you can acctually use the computer . Factor in the time it takes for Windows to run all those programs that DOS used to run , and you will notice it acctually takes LONGER before you can use the computer than Win98 .
 I just built the computer and I wanted to start out fresh , so I went for Windows ME full version . I 've had bad experiences with upgrades , putting the new software over top the old . All I can say about this is `` bad idea '' I had that problem upgrading from 95 to 98 . Once I formatted the hard drive and started fresh the problems went away . Ok lets get back to Windows ME . If you 're going from 98 Second addition , you 're not going to see much difference . But for those who are starting out new it 's great . The drivers supplied with the software took care of everything . Following the directions made everything a snap . The networking wizard feature made hooking up with the other computer a breeze . If you 're not afraid to tackle a fresh install I would say this is the operating system you want . All the information you need is in the box .
 With the creation of Windows 95 operating systems for the Intel platform pc 's were brought into the new millennium of software . With Windows 98 more advancements were created and now with Windows ME we have the added the ability to have and operating system and online platform roiled neatly into one package.While this software operating system is made for the home , I have it installed at work for testing purposes . The installation was quicker than 98 and 98 SE but only by a few minutes . I found that the package was far more robust in its ability to be web centric and allow for greater online gaming.While the average user will be hard pressed to find real differences from 95 and 98 there are a few new features included , most notably is the Movie Maker . Also I found the wizards to more intuitive and easy to use.A couple of other things included are the ability to sign up for MSN and Hotmail after the completion of the install . The newest addition is Ask Maxwell , which is a free internet service to provide the user with online help.Overall the product has been running for 12 Days without one blue screen of death or illegal operation , Microsoft has a real winner on their hands with Windows ME .
 This is by far my favorite Windows . Once you get the hang of navigating the user interface -LRB- which wo n't take long -RRB- you 'll notice that this is easily the most powerful Windows . Despite an almost cutesy appearance , no prior Windows matches it in features , speed , reliability , or ease of use . After going through the nightmare that is Windows 98 -LRB- the most crash-prone software I have ever used -RRB- I got this OS as a last resort . I was more than pleased . While the extra features probably do n't justify the price as an upgrade -LRB- unless you just have the money to spend -RRB- , I would recommend looking for it pre-loaded in a new computer .
 Years ago , I bought a computer -LRB- s -RRB- that already had WindowsMe installed . I will be buying a new computer and will purchase WindowsMe to install ... instead of using WindowsXP.I have n't had any problems with WindowsMe . I love the system restore ... especially when someone in the household makes changes to the computers ! I can just go back to a previous restore point and all works.To the person that said they have a difficult time running Scan Disk and Defrag ... I have always run those programs in Safe Mode . Safe Mode runs with a limited amount of drivers -LRB- not a bunch of stuff running in the background -RRB- so the scanning and defrag goes MUCH faster.I also have older printers , scanners , etc. ... and they all work with WindowsMe . For example , prices are cheaper if you wait until a printer is n't top of the line at the moment . That means buying an older printer will be compatible.If every time I wanted to buy a new computer and could afford to replace EVERYTHING ... printer , scanner , monitor , etc. , then I would probably upgrade to WindowsXP . Since I do n't replace everything at one time ... WindowME works for me !
 After a hitch free install , Windows ME has yet to give me any major headaches after around 2 months of use now -LRB- got a copy from Tech Data before the official release date -RRB- . My system is a Duron 700 , 128 MB RAM , Asus A7V , Geforce2 MX , SB Live ! , and IBM 75GXP 30 GB ATA-100 Drive . Aside from some minor DUN problems -LRB- most of which were likely caused by an ISP upgrade and a flaky winmodem -RRB- , Windows ME has yet to be the nightmare it has been for other users . I did nothing special , just simply did a clean install on an empty drive , and have had no problems . I admit I have n't stressed it out much , but I would consider my computer use that of the average net/game junkie , so I 've been somewhat surprised reading the other reviews . Maybe I just got lucky with a configuration that WinME can handle with no hassle . From my experience I can say for me it is more stable than Win98B -LRB- I have yet to experience a B.S.O.D. , and only a couple of random lockups ... pretty good for Windows , IMO -RRB-
 Ok I know those of U who shout ME sux well U have to know the OS in order to make it work and also there are resourses out there to help U do this . ME is a little finiky , however the bugs all have fixes that have been put on the web sooo . If u have a web connection -LRB- Cable or dsl prefered -RRB- then save those $ $ $ on upgrading to XP till U have to . I have all of windows different OS 's running on my 8 seperate computers and the hardest 1 in my book is NT4 .
 Windows ME has been fantastic for me . I backed up my Windows 98 data , made doubly sure I had all of my drivers for my hardware , and installation disks for ALL of the programs I used , then went for a fresh install . My system crashes less , runs faster -LRB- start up time , in particular , was cut in half ! -RRB- , runs smoother . I recommend it for anyone wanting to improve their system.The downside
 This is one of my besy and favorite Operating System yet to come ! Windows Millennium Edition is truly a consumer edtion of all Windows ! Well ... I bought a computer , that had Windows XP Home Edition on it already . But , I made a choice and put Millennium Edition on it . Windows Me not only comes with programs specially designed for Home Computing , it comes with faster start up times which I really like . I play all my music on Windows Me , and it never has a problem ! My Pictures is a great new Document Folder ! It comes with a program called `` Windows Picture Viewer '' . But , I heard that some people were having problems with software . And I might just know what it is ! If you have an internet connection , and first installed Windows Millennium Edition , and just did all the updates at onec , then there might be your problem ! Windows Me is n't Windows 2000 code , it is still Win . 9x code ! Which in Win .9 x it is not a s stable . I waited at least a few days , then did them . Also , see if your hardware on what kind it is . Some hardware , such as some cameras might not work . Just always be sure to check with your Hardware Vendor and see if it 's compadible . And , one more solution , just like I said with the updates , do n't install you programs so fastly at one time ! You Operating System could do better ! So ... conlusions are , Windows Me is great and recommend this Operating system for consumers ! Just work with it , and have fun with it !
 I have been using computers for the past four years my OS was Win95 . Initially i did n't know much about computers , I would end up deleting a lot of system files . I had to call a pro and reinstall windows almost every 5 to 6 months . The backup facility of system files on WinME is great , it would have helped me then if it was on Win9x . From what i read in the reviews about Windows Millennium , It promises to do away with service packs giving users a very stable and secure OS . And microsoft has succeded according to me in delivering this , That i switched to Win ME . I am a computer lover not a computer nerd , I prefered windows because it is the right OS for me . I need a cool dektop , easy to use and an OS which has many supporting softwares and cool computer games . WinME is the best of the Windows , It is a really cool OS .
 Windows Me has things that XP has but Windows Me works well with a workhorse Gateway G6-200 . With that said I 'll tell you why Windows Me ... You need this Windows OS to use all the software including Microsoft Money 2003 Deluxe and Office 2000 . I find the Active Desktop on the Taskbar to be useful to go to a program quickly once you are in a opend program and or to check a drive . You can have a quick way to get to the Desktop on the Taskbar . I have had things not work right with Windows 95 so , I went with Windows Me and I could now Multi Task better than Tiger . I can put things in to the programs menu easy . I can have a quick list for Control Panel , insted of opening Control Panel I just hilight it and it puts everything in it to the right , to click on it . installing programs is easy and getting the screen saver active is easy as right click and go down to the bottom . I know you may like XP but Windows Me works just as well as XP . for all your needs Windows Me works right everytime when you turn on your computer . I gave this five stars because it is the Best OS , Better than Tiger , Better than XP , Better all around , Go with Windows Me and hang on to Your computer longer and then when it dies get a computer with XP or the next OS by Microsoft .
 This is one of my besy and favorite Operating System yet to come ! Windows Millennium Edition is truly a consumer edtion of all Windows ! Well ... I bought a computer , that had Windows XP Home Edition on it already . But , I made a choice and put Millennium Edition on it . Windows Me not only comes with programs specially designed for Home Computing , it comes with faster start up times which I really like . I play all my music on Windows Me , and it never has a problem ! My Pictures is a great new Document Folder ! It comes with a program called `` Windows Picture Viewer '' . But , I heard that some people were having problems with software . And I might just know what it is ! If you have an internet connection , and first installed Windows Millennium Edition , and just did all the updates at onec , then there might be your problem ! Windows Me is n't Windows 2000 code , it is still Win . 9x code ! Which in Win .9 x it is not a s stable . I waited at least a few days , then did them . Also , see if your hardware on what kind it is . Some hardware , such as some cameras might not work . Just always be sure to check with your Hardware Vendor and see if it 's compadible . And , one more solution , just like I said with the updates , do n't install you programs so fastly at one time ! You Operating System could do better ! So ... conlusions are , Windows Me is great and recommend this Operating system for consumers ! Just work with it , and have fun with it !
 This is a great operating system . It has lots of new features.It is really fast booting up and shutting down . Some of the best new features are Windows Movie Maker , Spider Solitare , Pinball , and much , much , more . It is a real jump from Windows 98 .
 Was written for win98 very old , no updates.I dump it , since I do not have a Win 98 computer .
 I had a wish to make programs for Palm handheld and to sell it . It was not possible to make commercial programs under GNU , as far as I know , so I asked at Palm development support about best and easier way to make Palm software . They recommended Metrowerks CodeWarrior as official programming tool . I saved a little money and bought it . And really , it is the best solution . I never dreamed that it could be so intuitive and easy to use . I searched the web for few days to find where it is cheapest and I found it at Amazon . I give it all 5 stars .
 Codewarrior provides an excellent deveopment platform for creating palm applications . The form designer is excellent and easy to use . Codewarrior does have it 's quirks however . For one , it looks a bit funny -LRB- it was ported from the Mac version -RRB- , so the look and feel does n't quite match up with windows . Ocassionally while debugging with the Palm Emulator , you 'll have to restart the IDE . These shortcomings are few , and are nothing that restricts development . Other IDE 's try to circumvent the Palm API 's -LRB- in C -RRB- to make development `` easier '' . It 's only a matter of time until you run into something that simply ca n't be done , and you return to codewarrior . The debugger is robust and allows for stepping , breakpoints , etc. . The only reason I gave it 4 vs 5 stars is b/c of it 's minor quirks .
 Windows Me looks very good and much easier to use than the previously released Windows 2000 . This package looks to be more user friendly and much less complicated to use . Plus the price is very nice and affordable which is an added plus . As long as Windows Me does n't have as many bugs as Windows 98 -LRB- NUMEROUS crashes and shut down problems -RRB- , Windows Me will be a GREAT product ! Also , I 've actually tried the Beta version at a friends house and I loved it ! i highly reccommend !
 I 've been using it for several years and I have not had any problems what-so-ever . It runs smoothly . I 've tried the new XP and did not like the cartoonish look . I 've reinstalled Windows ME several times and it automatically does everything for me . It searches and installs hardware with easy . I 've seen a lot of people say it crashes and freezes up all the time . My version Windows ME has not froze or crashed as much as Windows 95 and Windows 98 did . Windows 95 and 98 froze and crashed all the time . Mine stopped responding one day but I traced it to a driver . I reinstalled an update to the driver and it has not done it anymore . It 's an outstanding program . The only thing I do n't like is it does like a little bit more memory but it is fast.Let 's put it this wayWindows 95/98 froze/crashed about 3 - 4 times daily.Windows ME may do it 2 times a month.XP is too cartoonish . I may go back later to it but I need a bigger hard drive . Save my 2 gig for something else . : -RRB- billy
 This product is a good one . I bought it in order to keep up with the usb technology and it has worked great . It is almost the same as windows 98 , but it supports this new usb technology . Mine has never frozen or had any of the problems everyone else is having . I think it is great , but i 'm sure everyone else is not lying . It worked for me though and it might work for you .
 This upgrade is worth every penny . I upgraded from Win95 and all my problems have been resolved . My scanner can communicate with my printer and my portable Mp3 player , digital camera , and internet camera all plug into the USB ports . The installation was a breeze , taking less than one hour . I highly recommend any dinosaurs out there such as myself to upgrade to WinME as soon as possible .
 I was running Windows 95 on my desktop , which is an AMD-K6-2 -LRB- 350 mHz -RRB- with 64 MB RAM . My laptop , which I purchased used , is a Compaq Armada 1590DMT -LRB- 150 mHz -RRB- with 80 MB RAM , which came with Windows 98 . I have a 24 gig C drive on the desktop , and only 2 gigs on the laptop . I upgraded both machines to Windows ME with no problem at the same time.For some reason , unknown to me , when you go through `` Start '' and `` Shut down '' on the desktop , it never shows the `` It 's now safe to turn off your computer '' notice -- just a horizontal stripe on a dark screen , but I can tell by the sound that it 's finished the cycle . I 'm not troubled by the problem . The laptop does fine.The one feature which I have learned to like in ME is the `` Restore '' function . When you do have a system problem , it is relatively easy to restore the machine 's system to a previous time , when everything worked.In fact , when the machine starts in `` Safe '' mode , it automatically takes you to the `` Restore '' function , which you can either accept or reject . No recently loaded applications or files are lost with restore . Only the system is restored to an earlier time.Other than that , there are no significant visual or operating differences between 98 and ME that I can see , and I 've run it for three or four months now.There is one difference in capability , which cost me some money . I had a French made flatbed SCSI scanner which I liked , and it worked fine with Windows 95 . However , Windows ME does not support SCSI , and so I had to purchase a new Hewlett-Packard scanner which plugs into my parallel port . -LRB- The printer plugs into the scanner . -RRB- Currently I 'm having trouble with the scanner operation , but the printer works fine . I 'm going to have to sort that out when I get time . However , the HP scanner DID work with ME , and I assume I can make it work again.That 's about all the comment I have on ME . No more complaint than one usually finds with a Microsoft product , and I 'm used to the little glitches . Sometimes I wish I could just go back to DOS , when things were simpler , before Microsoft tried to make things `` user friendly '' and reduced our control in the process.Joseph H. Pierre , author of `` The Road to Damascus
 Before I start this also includes all the features that are in Win 98 , and 98SE . Windows ME is more of a home OS than Windows 2000 Pro . It comes with IE 5.5 and Windows Media Player 7 , but you can get them for download . This is a smaller upgrade than 3.1 to Win 95 and Win 95 to 98 , but is a much bigger upgrade than 98 to 98SE . Movie Maker , WIA , and System File Protection are great features . Also , it has a feature much like GoBack , but it dose n't do all of the things that GoBack does.As I said in the header , if you got the cash go for the Full Version , beacuse if something goes bad you 'd have to install Win 95 , 98 or 98SE and then install this.All and all Windows ME is great upgrade , but if you can get the full version . If you want to play it safe wait for the service pack which should come out in about 3-4 months .
 I got this upgrade in 2009 because one of my computers had Win98 which did not reconize my Ethernet adapter so i got this to get it to work the Installation was fast and easy now just have to wait for money to get WinXP put on it I highly recommend this
 I have an old laptop . I lost my keyword to my other ME disk . Buying a used copy was the easy way out to still use this old laptop for minimal computing .
 I heard horror stories that this OS freezes but I perused some of the reviews . . and I got a reponse from a reviewer about it freezes only if you have not partitioned and formatted the existing OS before the installation . . In my case I deleted a file or several files on my Win98SE and was prompted by the laptop to reinstall Windows and with a second opinion that in my case I should have no problems . . Just in case like the other reviewers mentioned that if it freezes-press on the keyboard `` Ctrl + Alt + Del '' and that will unfreeze the computer . .
 I know some people have reported problems with this version of Windows but I 've been quite happy with it . I 've had no major problems since I installed the upgrade . I was using Windows 95 and it just lacked some of the features that I needed.I use mostly older MicroSoft programs . Word 97 , Access 97 , Publisher 97 and Lotus Organizer so my programs are old by today 's standards . I needed the camera and scanner capabilities of Windows ME and they are working fine for me.I was also using Netscape 4.5 as my browser and email reader . As this version of Netscape was quite old I was pleased to get a newer version of Internet Explorer and Outlook Express supplied with the Windows ME upgrade.I loaded this upgrade on a six year old Toshiba Satellite Laptop Computer - Model 315CDS . It was running a factory installed version of Windows 95 when I did this upgrade . Windows ME recognized all of my hardware and all my files and programs seem to be fine.I do n't play games or do any video or music stuff on my computer so these may be the problem areas others have reported . I ca n't comment as to whether Win Me is suitable for those of you who do . I use my computer for mostly word processing , desktop publishing , text , picture and photo editing . Some of the new file features and picture preview thumbnail features are extremely useful for me.I had no trouble at all with the installation . I took me a little longer than I anticipated . The loading screen claimed it would load in 30-60 minutes . I believe it was more like an hour and a half but at least it loaded with no problems . All I basicaly had to do was put the CD in the drive and hit enter a few times . It was a very painless installation.I do recommend this upgrade but as they say - `` Your mileage may vary . ''
 WINDOWS Me operates great , even on 200MHz systems . But , You 're going to have problems if you install it as an upgrade on top of your existing Microsoft operating system . I build/repair/upgrade computers as a hobby . My household also has 3 computers using `` Me '' & there are no problems ... EVER.The TRICK is ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- Backup your existing personal stuff & wipe clean your hard drive , make sure you have other driver/program disks , you can get updated drivers on their respective websites . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Format & Partiton your hard drive . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Run WINDOWS Me SETUP , it will ask you for another version to continue - Put it in CD-Rom , it is only going to read it to verify you have a licensed copy . -LRB- 4 -RRB- When prompted , put `` Me '' disk back in & continue with setup . It will even install some audio & video drivers for you.You now have installed a clean boot WINDOWS Me operating system & should have no `` Lockup '' problems . If `` Me '' is installed as an upgrade on top of your existing Microsoft operating system ... YES , you 're going to have problems as listed in previous reviews . By the way , my company has WINDOWS XP & I hate it !
 I ca n't understand why so many people seem to have so many problems with ME . I got my computer with factory-installed Windows ME just under two years ago , and ME has performed virtually flawlessly for me in all that time . Yeah , it freezes from time to time , but not very often , and a reboot usually unfreezes things nicely.Installing peripherals with ME is a snap with the installation wizards ; setting up an Internet connection was a breeze with the ISP 's installation disk , and I 'm NO computer geek!I 'm one Windows ME user who WO N'T be messing around with any new operating systems -LRB- even though I 've used Windows XP Professional , and it 's very nice -RRB- or upgrades . Why should I when I 'm totally satisfied with the OS I already have ?
 The only trouble I really had with windows ME was trying to upgrade from windows 95 . It was n't until I had updated every single file on 95 that ME was successful in upgrading . That may have been the only reason that ME would n't upgrade when I first loaded 95 onto my system . I tried to do a clean install using the upgrade and got as far as the first reboot and had to reinstall windows again . But once I loaded 95 onto my system , updated all of the 95 files , and got all my hardware and software loaded , I had no trouble getting the upgrade to work . Since I upgraded , I have been very pleased with the way ME works for me . I use Norton System Works 2001 with ME , and it does a fine job of keeping my computer error free . My computer has had zero blue screens since my upgrade . I give this product 4 stars because of the trouble I had trying to install it , but if you can get passed the installation trouble , it proves to be a stable OS . I would n't recommend it however , if you have an old machine with older hardware . A lot of things from 1998 on back , are not ME compatible , and ME can not support a driver for those things either . But any systems , 1999 or newer should n't be a problem . What else can I say ? I LIKE IT !!!!
 Okay so it starts out looking basicly the same as 95 or 98 with the cheesy start up and the basic idea of where programs are located . However , they make you have to change the view on every folder to see all files to do any thing a half advanced user would . Like it took me at least 30 minutes to find out how to see the control pannel ! After all the hassles of trying to figure it all out it came time to see how it runs . I still have yet to crash it ! Also the start menu now does n't get all bulky , in fact it slowly shrinks ! Windows ME will keep track of programs you use often and ones you might have never touched . It puts all programs you never touch in a side menu that can be accessed by hitting a little button at the bottom of the normal menu . Personaly from everything I 've been doing with it , and how it runs and works for me , I 'm definatly a strong beleiver in it . I would reccomend this software to any one who really want to keep up to date software . But if you do n't want to dish out the cash , I would n't blame ya so just stick with 98 untill you are forced to update .
 This is not so much a Review of Windows ME , which I do run and works fine , but a reminder for those concerned consumers who may happen to get caught in the flame war of whether or not Bill Gates rips people off.Windows ME is as good an OS as a regular user can get that is both familiar to them and easy to use . As for those comments that it `` is n't any different '' from Windows 98 , as far as the User Interface is concerned you 're absolutly right , there is no difference in how the OS looks , feels , and is used . That 's Microsoft 's goal , to have a common user interface . All of the major OS differences are IN the OS . Built in drivers , bug fixes , the ability to use more up to date technology , expanded memory capability , security fixes and the like . All things the user ca n't see.As for Mr. Kernel32.exe Error . that 's not the OS , that is the OEM -LRB- original equipment manufacturer -RRB- . Sorry to burst your bubble .
 Although this OS is not for the faint of heart , meaning PC 's with 32 Megs of memory and only 5 gig drives . This OS is faster than 98 , 95 in many ways . Microsoft has cutout the fluff and has given speed back to users . Those who complain about installing and their systems slowing is because of the lack of hardware , not the OS.I love Media player 7 ... and I love the cosmetic changes to the OS . It looks newer , feels nicer.But Users beware , watch out for the Guard Dog 2.0 Bug associated with ME . I recommend not using ME if you insist on using Guard dog 2.0 .
 Microsoft has worked very hard to get the rough edges off of the Win95 series of operating systems , as this upgrade shows . It installed without a problem . It 's slick , stable and fast . I do recommend that you have more than the minimun system requirements -LRB- P/166 and 32mb -RRB- . I have an AMD K-6 / 2 @ 350mhz and 96mb . With my system I have noticed an increase in stability and responsiveness . Also , the system restore feature is long over due.On the other hand , if you are satisfied with Win98 -LRB- or Win98se -RRB- or have had problems with upgrades in the past , you may want to wait for the inevitable service pack or until drivers for your specific hardware become avialable from the vendors.All in all , I say the upgrade is worth it .
 I must respectfully disagree with the editor 's comments on this release . As long as your hardware is fairly recent , and there are WinME specifics for your peripherals , WinME should be a very compelling upgrade for most Win98 users . I support home users for a living and I see lots of machines . The easiest to debug are WinME machines , no contest . It is a far more stable OS -LRB- given the above factors -RRB- , and just a darn fun one too . And it is easy to recover from operator error . It is far more different from Win98 than many reviews would indicate . This is a very advanced OS , more closely resembling Windows 2000 than Windows 98 in many respects .
 If you 're still living in the stone age of Windows 95 , then you must get Windows ME right now . The difference is virtually day and night . And for users of Windows 98 the upgrade is still helpful while at first there seems to be not that much of a difference . But Windows ME has some subtle features that I do n't want to live without , like e.g. the automatic update feature that alerts you of updates and upgrades . Then there is the Windows Media Player which has excellent sound and video capabilities , which is almost a necessity in our day and age . The only difficulty we experienced so far , only occasionally though , is with the printing of E-mail notices which indicates an error message at times , but while we have n't figured out the problem yet we found a temporary solution to it . Overall , we ca n't give this upgrade 5 stars , because it 's not as radical with super features that you may expect , but Windows ME has features you do n't want to live without . Also , the operating system seems to be very stable without a freeze since installed , which was n't the case with the previous version . It 's well worth to upgrade now .
 With subtle improvments over Windows 98 2nd Edition , this should really be called just a 3rd edition.It does adds support to DV video editing , improved MP3 and . JPG file handling , added anti-virus/erasing security and improved home networking support for broadband connections . It also supports web pages AS desktop , which is a neat new feature expanding on the Active Desktop theme . There is a new system restore function that will allow a user to revert back to `` times '' where the system may have performed better but has since experienced a problem due to a bad program , user mistake , or any other problem . It 's new file security helps insure that critical system files are not accidentally erased by the user , or purposely by a rogue program such as a virus . It gets a facelift borrowing from the corporate version of Windows , Windows 2000 sharing ICONS , wallpaper , window animations , and NO MORE SYSTEM DISKS . That 's right , with Windows Me , like Win2000 you will NO longer be able to make system diskettes . Your only choice will be using Start Up disks . the format / s switch as well as `` copy system files '' selections are gone from this OS.Most of the best enhancements appearing in Windows Me are already available for free from Microsoft ; Media Player 7 , the updated and more tightly integrated MSN Messenger/Netmeeting which allows AOL style instant messaging to incorporate video with ease , and DirectX 7 . Will it 's release still a month away , and the final product just now going to manufacturing , many companies have now released updated drivers so if you have hardware that must function the moment you upgrade , please check your hardware vendor to make sure an update driver is available if necessary.Hopefully a cheaper upgrade will be available to those who already use Windows 98 2nd edition like there was for Win98 users when Win98 2nd Ed . was released .
 Windows Me is a fine OS , Having an overall snappier feel with quick startup and shutdown routines being a real plus . Also many usb and other newer devices work much better with Me than on 98 and simply wont work on 95B . However the upgrade problem seems to be a universal one . I happen to be an IT service guy and upgrades can be tricky , no matter how sweet Microsoft tries to make it . The biggest problem seems like people are in too big a hurry to run the setup program and ignore the install guide ! It is imperative that Utility software -LRB- ie , anything from Norton or McAfee , etc. -RRB- not only be disabled before the upgrade but should be completely removed ! This includes Antivirus programs . And if your copy of 95 or 98 is n't working Tip-Top , FIX IT FIRST . This is an OS upgrade not medicine for a sick PC ! And for people having trouble with Win Me that came pre installed on his -LRB- her -RRB- new PC ; PC vendors have a TERRIBLE habit of installing all kinds of ... software which is the culprit to most of the problmes . I would offer this same advice to people upgrading to the new XP as well . If you can afford it , buy the Full version product , back up your data , format you hard disk , then install the new OS is the BEST choice period ! Perhaps , then many people will be able to experience these new operating systems the way they are meant to be .
 I think for most people this upgrade would not be worth it . However it was for me since I bought this upgrade to enable the USB port on my PC -LRB- I bought the PC in '97 and it had the USB ports , but Windows 95 so the USB ports did not do anything -RRB- . I was able to live without USB until I got a digital camera , and downloading pictures over the serial port just takes too long.I did a clean install rather than the upgrade procedure -LRB- i.e. , I reformated the hard wiping Windows 95 -RRB- . Although the clean install takes more time -LRB- you have to back up all your data and reinstall all your applications , etc -RRB- I think it saves trouble down the road.I have been using ME for over a month now and it seems to be more stable than 98SE -LRB- which I have at work -RRB- . The system restore is a nice added feature , that I think has some advantages over the GOBACK software you could have bought . Other features are less exciting -LRB- IE5 .5 MediaPlayer 7 are available for free on web and I do n't use the movie editor -RRB- .
 You probably all think `` oh boy , Windows ME stinks to living death '' well guess what ... YOU 'RE WRONG ! There are bad rumors saying it always freezes and crashes , which is not true . The best thing to do is press crtl + alt + delete right when the desktop comes and end everything except for explorer , which is your desktop . Also keep it healthy by doing disk cleanup and defragmenter 1nce a week . I really like my Windows ME . At first it was confusing , but get used to it and you will understand . Also . . i was going to get XP edition then i found out about the virus . The virus does not target ME because of very bad rumors . Now for my words of wisdom . `` Get ME and keep ME '' .
 I ca n't stop using this upgrade !! Someone help me , I 've been clicken away for three days now -LRB- non-stop . I want this software installed on every computer in the world . Just do n't produce any more upgrades , I just ca n't take it .
 Windows Me looks very good and much easier to use than the previously released Windows 2000 . This package looks to be more user friendly and much less complicated to use . Plus the price is very nice and affordable which is an added plus . As long as Windows Me does n't have as many bugs as Windows 98 -LRB- NUMEROUS crashes and shut down problems -RRB- , Windows Me will be a GREAT product ! Also , I 've actually tried the Beta version at a friends house and I loved it ! i highly reccommend !
 Microsoft 's Windows ME is the OS that makes life easier for the New Mellenium . With ME Microsoft might actually come out with an OS that is friendly to use and live up to the hype . It will be interesting on how ME leads Microsoft and the PC 's into the Next Mellinium .
 This nis my first time using a Business Plan Maker software . I found it to be very user friendly . It will give you a good start to inprove how to do a great business plan .
 I bought this item few weeks ago in order to work on some aspect of my business . I found my investment to be worthy . I strongly recommend this product.Dr . Israel King , Ph.D. . Author ofHow To Keep A Man
 I bought this software and it works great . The only problem is the Data Becker paper is twice as -LSB- much -RSB- as others .
 This package was a pleasant surprise - the designs are very nice , but the included art , photos , and other graphics are stunning ! I have a number of clip-art packages that cost more and do not have anywhere near the quality of art included . It 's apparent that the programmers intended that the pictures would be used for designing new business cards , but with a little messing about you can get most of the pictures extracted to use in other Windows-based programs . I am now planning to redesign my letterhead , in addition to my business cards -- and I can use the same art work on both .
 When you receive your 20,000 Business Cards , you may think you been had . But this product is one of the best business starters around . If you have recently opened a new business , ths product is for you . No more flimsy paper business cards . Professional looking , colorful , unique cards will result from your hard work and this product . With the clipart included , you can not only make personalized cards , but also neat word processing projects . This proves that this product is not only perfect for entrepenuers , but anyone else who appreciates the value of creativity and self-expression . This is a great product that deserves a look . You should grab this product off the shelf today . Anything else would be worse than a pencil through the neck , and I 'm not allowed to speak of it in this review .
 The copy of 20,000 Business Cards I received does NOT work on Mac or Linux , so this listing is deceptive.This is my 2nd copy of the program ; It works that well . I lost my first copy , and my wife needed more business cards.Since this is no longer in stores , we bought a copy of Business Card Factory Deluxe and were greatly disappointed . The best cards it produces look amateurish compared to the ones my wife and I produced with 20,000 Business Cards .20,000 Business Cards produces about the best looking cards you can make at home , and do it with just what 's on the CD . The graphics choices and fonts are better than anything on Business Card Factory Deluxe.The only problem we encountered with 20,000 Business Cards was finding out how to make full card graphics print all the way to the edge . The answer turned out to be simple . We just needed to select the overprint option.I am at a complete loss to understand the hateful reviews listed here . Those reviews make it seem like we are not reviewing the same product.The 2 five star ratings seem a little overstated to me , but not by much . Nothing has the look and feel of professionally produce business cards except cards produced by a professional print house . 20,000 Business Cards , however , produces about the best cards you can make at home .
 My children spent hours solving these brain building puzzles . There are 8 areas which are virtual theme parks . There are puzzles which they solve to finish the riddle . They search for objects in Nature , Wood block city , and Chalkboard ... There is a crack code department . Balloon popper kept my 8 year old daughter busy and interested . Can even make your own I Spy picture riddles . Great Game .
 Excellent game , which provides children hours of entertainment . I would encourage parents to get this game for children ... It is even enjoyable for the adults to try their skills . .
 I was looking for a simple program for editing and and was surprised at the features packed in this inexpensive program . Have had it for a year and have edited 100 's of photos using cropping , adding text , adjusting color , sharpness , and more . Is it for the pro photographer ? No , but you ca n't beat it for the every day person needing to make revisions to their photos . And for the money you wo n't be dissapointed .
 I am happily back to using PHOTO EXPLOSION 3 , and I am LOYAL to this editing program because it 's THE BEST ! It is easy , it works , it does what I need . I actually bought a new computer with Windows 7 on it , only to realize my Photo Explosion 3 would NOT play on it . -LRB- NOTE TO ALL
 I like working on my photos with this program . I have n't had any problems . It works great for me . Have made some really nice pics for printing .
 I received this software as a gift . I asked for it after looking for several months at all sorts of photo editing software . I am particularly impressed that it came with a manual . Something I definitely need , as my computer savvy is rather poor.Photo Explosion Deluxe Version 3 has all the features of more expensive programs , as far as I can tell . I can not imagine that there is anything on a non-professional level that is better . It appears to be very complete , offering more than I could ever imagine for projects & editing options.I am still learning how to use it , so will not comment on the problems I am having at this time , because I am sure the problems are with me , NOT the software . I had no problem installing the software and was able to start editing photoes , even without consulting the manual . A definite plus.All in all , for the price , I think this is an excellent program . And , like I said , I can not imagine one being much better , or more comprehensive , regardless of the price or brand .
 Photo Explosion is one of the easiest programs to date . I love it . I am putting together family photo albums on CD for my family and it has been a delight with Photo Explolsion . Keep up the good work Nova . Thank you .
 Delivery of this product was super fast 3 days!Very user friendly contains more bells and whistles than products costing 10 times more.Good results allt he time either printing editing ca n't go wrong.probably one sugestion pity it was not readly available in UKOtherwise do n't think about it buy it you will not be disapointed even works with microsofts rubbish Vista
 Photo Explosion Deluxe 3.0 Very easy to use . It is very fun to use as well -- My pictures are so organiaze . and have many uses as well .
 It 's so much easier to use than Adoby Photo Shop and way more affordable . I purchased this product three times , and have most of the editions .
 Yes it works with Vista ! This program has been a long time favorite with XP and I was devestated when Photo Explosion Delux would not work on my new computer . But 3.0 does ! If you are searching for a great photo editor , be sure you do NOT get the 2.0 , it will not work on Vista -LRB- I recently got taken on ebay , the photo was 3.0 and program was 2.0 -RRB- .
 This program is reasonably priced and highly useful . A lot of people are saying that this program is difficult to use and ineffective . I 've been using this program since I 've bought it and it 's worked fine . Also , the only time I have n't been able to figure out how to work the program the help page cleared up the issue . It is n't really that hard to figure out .
 I was a little hesitant in purchasing this software . I had 2.0 and it worked fine no problems even worked on my Vista computer . I wanted to upgrade though and was really nervous but I ended up only paying about $ 25 here on amazon so I figured if it didnt work then oh well . Well it works great , installation was not an issue and program works fine when running . I included a few pics that I edited above in the image gallery . The sunglass one , the baby feet , the three kids by the pool and the bubble one are mine . *** I just uploaded two more pics that I did , they are the two christmas cards . This software has endless possiblities , I love it .
 I absolutely love this software ! I have 2 kids and take alot of pictures and I love that I can fix the pictures if I need to , crop them , resize them and everything I want to do to them . I absolutely ca n't live without this and the only way I 'd buy something else is if I bought a newer version !
 I 've had the original Photo Explosion Deluxe for about 4 years now and I 'm finally going to upgrade to the 3.0 . I 'm involved with a lot of digital photography and have discovered the variation , simplicity and price of Photo Explosion can not be surpassed!I only paid around $ 40 for the original version and have gotten my money back at least 100 fold.You wo n't be disappointed , but do not expect a program that is as detailed and sophisticated as Adobe Photo , etc.Have fun !
 My friends dad has bought this item and i have used this before.It is not so great . You can find even better items for a reasonable cost .
 This software , when combined with a laptop and a GPS , can truly set you free when vacationing . If your only need is for maps or routes , then you can probably get by with the various internet sites that provide point-to-point maps.But when loaded on a laptop and taken on the road , you can update your travel plans on the fly . Want to find out what types of restaurants can be found nearby along your route ? Not going to make it to your hotel , and need to find another one closer by -LRB- with ratings , rates and phone numbers supplied -RRB- ? Looking for interesting stops along the way ? These are some of the ways we 've used the software . Another nice thing is that you have good maps of nearly every city that you might end up driving through , including most residential neighborhoods . This can also be a Godsend , particularly if you find yourself lost in a strange city.But the real revelation is when you combine it with a GPS . We use it with a Garmond III + , and it has made such a great difference that we 'll `` never leave home without it '' now -LRB- on vacation trips , anyway -RRB- . It is such a freeing thing to be able to see your exact location on a map , especially when looking for a certain exit or hotel . It has honestly prevented quite a few arguments between my wife -LRB- navigator -RRB- and I. And everyone that I 've traveled with while using the system has eventually agreed that it 's a fantastic way to go.It 's not perfect , however - you 'll want a pretty powerful laptop -LRB- PIII preferably -RRB- , or you 'll find yourself waiting awhile for screen redraws , even if you 're only zooming -LRB- the graphics are all vector-based -RRB- . And the cities can include errors in the roads , either in route or in name . Finally , there 's an option for audible directions -LRB- when used with a GPS -RRB- that is mostly just good for laughs . But overall the benefits far outweigh the negatives .
 I own a Garmin ETREX GPS and was looking for software that I could use to load waypoints into it to create bicycling routes . The mapping software that Garmin sells can cost 2 to 3 times what Street Atlas charges . Overall , I 've been satisfied with the product . Here 's the lowdown.Installation
 I travel all over the Northeastern US for my company . I have gone fearlessly into some of the most remote corners imaginable . I dont use online products because they are of no use in the car . I dont use those silly map generators in airports by Hertz or Avis , they dont work . And I dont use paper atlases and maps , because I cant run searches or lookups . But Street Atlas makes my ventures from point A to point B simple exercises . The brief moments I take before a trip laying out a 400 mile drive with 6 waypoints in three states has saved me considerable time , and frustration . IT HAS NEVER FAILED ME . You can not imagine what a relief it is to see some secondary route show up right when the product said it would , especially when its night and deep in the rural countryside . I have been happy with Street Atlas since my first copy release 5.0 . I rated this 4 because on occasion , it gives incorrect exit information . However , send an email to DeLorme and they will revise it in the next release -LRB- I have seen this done personally -RRB- .
 I have used the various versions of Street Atlas for over 5 years with DeLorme 's Earthmate GPS , and more recently with a Garmin III + unit on two different laptops -LRB- both IBM Thinkpads -RRB- with no trouble whatsoever - and I 'm the kind of guy who usually has trouble with everthing.The only fault I have with the Street Atlas is that it is sometimes difficult to force it to plot a route using streets it does n't want to use . Sometimes it will plot a long , convuluted route to avoid a minor road that I know is perfectly OK .
 Amending an earlier negative review to say this is a great product . All of the problems I experienced were eventually traced to PC driver or HW issues . SA works great - although the graphical ` finding ' interface while driving can be cumbersome . I have found several ` errors ' in the database regarding locations of Points of interest . Not sure if this is Delorme or a master DB problem but the POI 's are not 100 % . Overall very helpful but not perfect
 Map N ' Go and Street Atlas , both by Delorme , serve two different purposes . The user interfaces are similar and many of the functions are the same -LRB- fastest/shortest route , driving directions , trip planners , GPS track while driving on a laptop -RRB- but the audiences are different . If you want to plan a vacation , use MNG because it has more information on points of interest . It also loads faster -LRB- on my laptop -RRB- . You will not be able to navigate to a particular street address - that 's what SA does best - but who cares if you 're driving to Orlando and just need to get to a particular hotel ? The list of hotels in each is extensive -LRB- though not complete -RRB- . The GPS functions are quite different between the two . SA will upload * named * waypoints to your GPS receiver . MNG will upload * numbered * ones so that you have no clue which one refers to what place . This to me is what clearly differentiates the two for road trips . So , if you want to plan a vacation and perhaps just track yourself on a moving map on your laptop with GPS , MNG is for you . If you instead need to find particular street addresses and like having descriptive waypoints on your GPS receiver as you drive , the SA is what you want .
 A must have the most accurate and has all the AAA points of interest and necessary stops and more AAA approved and recommended safe stops and more . Wont go anywhere without it!High priced , at 69.99 but you get what you pay for ; in this case is true !
 I downloaded the software from the Acronis website . I was anxious to get the software quickly to clone my 80 GB laptop drive to a brand new 250 GB drive . I was out of storage space and I had the new drive in hand as well as a USB case to temporarily house the new drive while copying the entire contents of the laptop drive onto it.For the cloning of my first laptop drive I did not make the bootable CD ROM that Acronis enables you the make . I did not have a blank burnable CD disk . I only had blank burnable DVDs and these did not work with their software . Moreover , the Acronis software allows you to go ahead and copy the software without using the bootable CD so I did not see the need for making a special trip to the store to buy a blank CD.About 15 hours of fiddling later I now understand why it is a bad idea to attempt to clone your laptop drive without using the Acronis Bootable CD . If you do not use the Acronis Bootable CD then you will be running the copy software out of the same disk device that is the data source disk drive for your copying . This creates copying risk since you have to allow your laptop Windows operating system to execute programs running in the same source hard disk drive . Suffice it to say that some of the Windows virus security programs may interfere with your cloning operation . They did this in my case and my circumventing their action proceeded by trial and error . Acronis did a heroic job of trying to avoid for me all of these hazards caused by stupidity of not using the bootable CD and avoiding all of these risks to making a good clone copy . I spent many hours of fiddling disabling virus checkers rather the using the simple to make Bootable CD . My bad.As an aside , I also hate asking for directions at gas stations.I have just done the same job again , this time using the Acronis Bootable CD . I got some blank CDs at store on my next trip . What a joy it is to clone a disk using the bootable CD ! No fiddling and the cloning operation just worked . Actually copying executes a little slower with the Bootable CD but comparisons are silly because if the copying works the on first copy you really do n't care about the minor slowdown . I like the software but I think that the documentation should make it clearer that the bootable cd is more certain to make a perfect copy of the first try .
 I ran out of room , and had to upgrade to a new hard disk drive for more space . I was dreading the process and expected to spend days on it - considering I 've never installed one before . A friend suggested this program , thank goodness , because I installed it , and had my new hard disk drive up and running within 30 minutes . I do n't recommend many things , but Migrate Easy made a normally painful process easy , fast and best of all , free of frustration . The best part of the program , to me , was its installation wizard . It made the installation process a breeze .
 I 've been using this product for 3 + years and it works extremely well ! The tech support people do n't know how to talk to the regular customer and the manual has very little help but after going for advice the the PCDJ forum you can find out anything you need .
 I needed software to partition and multi-boot a new box I just built with Windows XP -LRB- NTFS file system -RRB- and Mandrake Linux -LRB- ReiserFS file system -RRB- . -LRB- I know you Linux purists are wincing , but I still need my Windows -RRB- . Anyway , OS Selector did everything it said it would , plus it was really fast . I wo n't go back to PartitionMagic after using this slick software .
 Upon installation , it did not work - only 1 OS would boot . Downloaded latest build , but still did n't work . Contacted support team . They created a new build & emailed it . At least they did so quickly . Been working OK since.It works ok as a boot manager , but since it does n't do everything I need it to as a parition manager , I still need Partition Magic . Kind of expensive for just a boot manager .
 I bought my first computer 6 mos ago with XP preinstalled . Wanted to try out RED HAT 7.3 -LRB- ext3 -RRB- and this was the only software I found that supported it . Great product !! The manual cost it a star . Better off reading the help files after you install . Examples on dual booting Windows and Linux would be helpful .
 This is a wonderful product for a child . The SketchBoard -LRB- drawing tablet -RRB- and the software match up so what you see in front of you is on the screen as well . The software is pretty nifty with so many options for stamps and basic animation that most children will have hours of fun and learn a lot about creating art of the computer as well . My 4 year old has used it for a year and I am giving it as a gift for other preschoolers on my list this year . While it may be a basic drawing tablet in the right hands masterpieces will be produced .
 My 3 year old loves this product . We are running it on Win98 . My copy actually came with drivers for Windows ME and 2000 . Only problem I have with the company is that I ca n't find their company to see if there are additional software packages for the product !
 If your into history , social interest , psychology and content not available in many texts , this is a great product to add to your library of encyclopedias .
 Adobe Photoshop CS2 is the Gold Standard and that 's a well-known fact . I am totally skeptical of any negative reviews that have been posted on this site . For the people who complain about it running slow on their computer
 Where to begin ? The product has so much in it . How about the brush engine for instance ... did you know you can make a brush out of anything ? Any set of pixels can be converted to a brush . Amazing . As are all the non destructive edits you can make to a photo . How about Liquify , an amazing filter you can use to take 20 lbs . off Aunt Ida . And what 's not to love about Vanishing Point , which allows you to clone and paint IN PERSPECTIVE !! Everyone knows it costs an arm and a leg . But you 'll do that just once , and then you 'll be upgrading from that point on . But here is what makes the product phenomenal . Not what is in it , but rather what surrounds . Photoshop has the greatest user support and educational community -LRB- National Association of Photoshop Professionals -RRB- for any software product that has ever existed . Learning this product is ridiculously easy as there is so much available to draw from . The NAPP Site -LRB- www.photoshopuser.com -RRB- is wonderful . There must be 30-40 Videos on the product -LRB- the Total Training stuff is fantastic ... www.totaltraining.com -RRB- and of course , there are countless books on the product . Has any software product ever had more ? So while it may look daunting at first , do n't hesitate . Because of the shear volume of information available , you can learn this product quicker than any comparable software . I 'm living proof . I committed myself to learning the product in November '05 and today , while I wo n't claim master status , I feel I can hold my own against nearly anyone save those brilliant souls like Deke McClelland , Katrin Eismann , and Scott Kelby -LRB- all authors , speakers , with great books and other stuff -RRB- . So what are you waiting for ? If You 're like me and you want your images to look the best they can , than this is what you have to use ...
 I 've upgraded from CS to CS2 , and it was well worth it.First , I have n't seen any of the sluggishness or instability that others have reported in other reviews . On my two year old , kinda slow computer , the program works fine.There are several features that make it well worth upgrading
 CS2 has multiple advantages over Photoshop 7 , including the capacity for simultaneously examining thumbnail views of all images in a particular file . I am still finding uses for the new features . Adobe was very helpful with regard to loading CS2 on the second of the two computers that one license permits . When I could n't get at the hard drive from a computer that had failed , they gave me a new code for loading the program on the replacement when I promised to delete the program from the old computer as soon as I managed to get access to that hard drive .
 I am a photographer , and Photoshop CS2 has done wonders for me . I can greatly improve the quality of my photographs by just using a few layers . Once you learn to get around this massive program , you will fall in love with it . It is so much fun , and there are a thousands of things you can do with just one picture . I know they have just come out with the new CS3 version , but CS2 is still very up to date , and is worth the money . However , if you have never worked with photoshop at all , getting started can be frustrating . I recommend joining NAPP -LRB- National Association of Photoshop Professionals -RRB- or taking some classes so you can learn to use the features . Next to my camera , this program has been the best business investment I have made .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my wife . I use W2000Pro , so needed penultimate version . Shipment was very quick , product as advertised , easy install , excellent results ...
 Much cheaper than the new version , and who needs the new one without mastering the old one .
 If you are a graphic designer you will know that Adobe Photoshop is the best software that is around . Possibilities are unlimited using this software . The only problem with it is just the fact that if you are not really into the graphic business you should n't get this because it is very expensive . This program is resourceful though , and it really fixes and creates graphics in the most professional way .
 I still have a LOT of learning to do , but just what I 've been able to do with photos the last 2 weeks is amazing . I do n't know why I waited so long to buy this thing !
 I used elements before this and CS2 definitely has some nice new features that make it worth the money . Some of my favorites include : - Adobe Bridge-Actions-curves-filters available
 I am amazed what this program can do . It is a big difference from PS 5.5 . It is a new learning curve but well worth it . What used to take me hours to do is now an action and done in 2 minutes . Amazon had the best price for me from a source I trust ordering from . It is worth it .
 Photoshop CS2 is the deepest and most advanced graphics editor on the market today , and that says it all.I agree that the licensing is an issue ; however , that issue is miniscule when compared to the insane capabilities of this program . To name all the improvements this version made over it 's previous incarnations would take too much space so to keep this quick I will just say this
 This is a must have for anyone desiring to create awesome photographs . Takes some work in learning to use but it is well worth learning . There are many tutorials , books , and videos which will help to make you a master of this photoediting software . You will never tire of using it . No nits from me .
 Based on using trial versions , this old version is only slightly below the later , and I can not say about CS3 yet . CS2 is somewhat better than CS , which was itself a huge leap up from version 7 . It is a burden to keep upgrading almost yearly , and I would recommend picking up any version of CS2 and planning to stick to it for a long while in that it does what almost everyone needs to do . Adobe will keep having newer versions of Photoshop and I wish they were not so pricey . I bought a trial version from an Amazon reseller which in itself is not that useful , but by telephone I was given the codes to register and validate it . No box came with it , nor book , but that is probably the most affordable way to get it .
 Having never used Photoshop but being very curious , for the past few months I was frightened away by the reviews here . I assumed that if others had problems , it was inevitable that I would also . After finally buying the product , my only regret is that I was dissuaded for so long . I experienced no problems installing ; it was actually much faster than I expected . I have experienced no problems running the software . There is a huge learning curve , but after the first week I had already accomplished my first simple task . I am feeling a tremendous amount of satisfaction and creative buzz .
 Photoshop is a little tough to use , but extremely powerful for photo manipulation.The browser combined with the RAW editor is a great combination to process the quantities of RAW pictures I take with my trusty EOS 20D . In the rare cases I do red eyes -LRB- that unfortunately still , though rarely -RRB- happens , I would like an easy tool to get rid of that , like Paint Shop Pro provides.Photoshop works extremely fast on dual-core CPUs like my AMD64 X2 .
 i do n't have to be the one to say that adobe photoshop cs2 is the best photo editing program on the market , but it is.every time i go onto photoshop i learn some new way of enhancing my photos . there are so many books available to help you learn techniques in this program that i buy 3 books at a time and sell the ones i do n't need . adobe also has a website that is excellent for getting free downloads on a multitude of topics . i recommend that you join NAPP for more tutorials and sundry other topics . if you ever need to enhance your photos , and you will , if you shoot digital , then buy this program . if you ca n't shell out 600 bucks then spend 89 to get their elements program .
 I purchased this product several years ago as a Christmas Present for my son . He has aspirations of getting into the Graphic Arts field professionally . I thought the product was a bit pricey and because I really did n't have any past experience with simular products I was n't quite sure about the purchase . I asked around , then read some of the reviews here online . I think that if you plan on learning the ins and outs of graphic arts/photography in general this is a great investment . Not only for the student but also for the person thinking about a small business . There are so many things you can do and learn with this product its unbelievable . Education and Knowledge is always a worthwhile investment .
 I am learning more and more each day plus taking a photography class using this product in the class at my local Junior College . It has so many features that it will be awhile before I can truly give a complete review . What I know and have learned so far is well worth the price.Thanks , Sandi
 Curly 's Store provided very fast delivery . Ordered Feb 25 and received Feb 28 . Was very happy to get it and installed so quickly . Thanks
 First , being a frustrated user of Digital Image Suite 10 , then a very happy user of Photoshop Elements 3 but wanting to have more , specially organizing pictures and advanced fixing . Now , I 'm not only happy with my investment , but also amazed by the results obtained by working with Photoshop CS2 . If you like to be proud of pictures you share with family/friends or sell , this is a must!It is a pleasure applying changes to see nicer results than expected , the Spot Healing Tool works incredible well . WEB designing was also a wonderful surprise to me ; it offers much more options than you think . My site now looks much better than lots of professional sites.I have not used support at this time , so I ca n't say anything on that side.It was n't an easy deciding to spend this kind of money in software not going to be used for work , but I wanted the best for my hobby . I sure recommend this product , especially for pros because it is not very easy to use for beginners ... but if they take the time to learn , they sure will end having amazing pictures .
 This new version of Adobe Photoshop CS2 -LRB- Ver 9 -RRB- improvements are worth the investment ! A CD tutorial shows some of the new features and how to use them , and the new Browse Menu is more user friendly , and it gives the user a chance to view their images in many different ways . The coolest features include a non-destructive way of scaling of graphics , a new spot healing brush , and the easiest red-eye reduction of any graphics program out on the market today . I have been using Adobe Photoshop for the past 4 years , and this is the best product on the market for the serious photographer or graphic artist . The only downside is the tutorial lessons are too few for people that do n't already understand how to use Adobe Photoshop .
 Have greatly enjoyed using Photoshop CS2 . It has worked well for me , being a first-time user . Have used other photo software products ; but have admired some of the complexities of this program , allowing more fine tuning .
 Adobe Photoshop has a long history of being the best software in the business . It 's only downside is that it may seem a bit daunting to the beginning user . There is , however , a plethora of texts , tutorials , learning guides , and even video 's to help abate the learning curve .
 I 'm personally a huge fan of Photoshop 7 on the Mac . I Just am . Photoshop in general , too , but especially PS7
 I wo n't include my website URL here , but I 'm a professional photographer , who displays and sells his work at juried exhibitions . I 've been using Photoshop since version 5.0 , roughly 6-7 years.Frankly , I 'm surprised to see how many negative reviews there are here of Photoshop CS2 , and that overall the product only gets three stars . I understand all the frustration , though . Even on a top-of-the-line machine , `` PS CS2 '' can be slow at times . However , in my case , that 's because I 'm working on incredibly large files.For example , my camera / scanner combination typically produces 50 megapixel images . By the time multiple layers are added in PS , one image file can be 500 MB - 1 GB in size . This is exactly why I have a dual-Opteron system with 4 GB of RAM
 I concur with the review that points up the problems with Adobe 's new `` license manager '' method of activation . When you pay as much as you do for this app , or the entire suite , you should not be faced with complete lockup should you have hardware problems , or ca n't connect to the Internet from `` location shooting . '' I took one star off for this egregious marketing tactic.That said , this version of Photoshop is superb , an otherwise 5-star app . If you take the time to use the tutorials included in the help -LRB- used to be separate folders , with chapters 1 - 4 of the Classroom In A Book , but no more alas -RRB- , or get one of Deke McClelland 's fine tomes and do all the lessons , there is nothing in this app that the novice ca n't start to use from Day One . With today 's point & shoot cameras packing more resolution , and more manual control , into their functions , use of Photoshop becomes more than just a hobby . You can really `` rescue '' photos that are too dark , too bright , exceedingly color-shifted , from the `` cut '' folder and still make prints . Further , the Camera RAW functionality allows anyone with a sufficiently functional digicam to touch up snapshots into fine photography.A warning
 Okay here is the lowdown on why you should get this product and why you should not get this product.You should get this product if : - You want to learn the # 1 photo/paint package that is an industry standard . - You do not mind the massive learning curve . - If you do not want something that you pop out of the box and use right away without spending weeks learning it . - If you want total control over every aspect of paint/photo manipulation . - If you do not mind it being a bit slow on anything less than a cutting edge computer . - If you do not mind it taking up a lot of hard disk space.You should not get this product if : - You do not need to learn an industry standard package . - If you want to use something right away out of the box . - If you do not need total control over every aspect of paint/photo manipulation . - If you want a fast package . - If you want to conserve hard drive space.If you are looking for a paint/photo package that you can use out of the box and has lots of features then use Paint Shop Pro . If you are looking to learn the industry standard with the most features then learn and use Photoshop.However I would like to finish this off by saying that I have worked for various multimedia groups that have demanded experience with this package and yet when it came to working for them they used 10 % of this package and should have been using Paint Shop Pro instead . If you mention Paint Shop Pro in an interview then the interviewer will look at you sideways . What a load of mumbo-jumbo . They simply use this package because it is the `` industry standard '' instead of actually looking at a package that suites their needs . If you are an interviewer and someone says they also use Paint Shop Pro then you should actually listen to them for not toeing the official line . You might learn something there that will save you time , money and wasted space . Why bother training people for a couple of months to learn this package when they can do your intermediate tasks on a package they can use out of the box ? That is the bottom line .
 Will CS2 run on Vista ? I use a newer Photoshop version at work , now I want it at home . I can not upgrade from my old Photoshop 5.5 because I lost the disk and cover . My new computer runs Vista.ThanksLinda
 Exceptional Software . Great for Professional and Amateur Photograpers , Hobbyists & Graphic Artists . I upgraded to Photoshop CS2 from Photoshop Elements 3.0 and it was never going back to any other imaging software . I have got some great pictures , learned a great variety and i am still in the learning process , love every bit of it . Highly Recommended for Photographic Quality Development , Editing & Excellence .
 Excellent photo editing program . Photoshops amazing ability to create superb and awesome graphics , for use on websites , e-newsletters , business cards and so on.Great product .
 I like the program but I ca n't open the program help menu.Calling Adobe does not help because they say they do n't support the program anymore . I ca n't understand why Adobe lets the program be up for sale and then wo n't support it .
 Granted photoshop is the standard for digital photo imaging but cs2 and previous versions may not support your -LRB- or my -RRB- camera 's RAW files . Presumably that is because of the number of new DSLRs on the market and a lack of standardization of RAW file formats . The dng patch from Adobe did n't resolve the situation . However , the cs3 version does support more RAW file formats -LRB- incuding my camera 's ! -RRB- . So do your homework . Check Adobe 's web site to see if your camera 's RAW files are supported , or take advantage of their free software trial . In the end , although I needed to upgrade to cs3 , my purchase of cs2 followed by the upgrade to cs3 was still a cost savings over buying the full version of cs3 .
 Like other Photoshop products this is a good one but it is the old one now . They have Photoshop CS3 out already and I do not know how much better it is than this . I am satisfied with this one and it is as advertised . It is much better than Photoshop 7 and like that .
 Product is difficult for the novice like myself . Booklet was included but I 'm finding it difficult to understand .
 Well i 'm an artist at deviantart , and i use cs2 , corel painter ix .5 with wacom graphire , and boy will i tell you how much this product is usefull , for all those out their who are second guessing whether or not you should get this product , here 's what i did download the 30-trail cs2 , use it , trust me it helps you to make the ritg decison in the end .
 This is a great program to use for anyone looking for a more enhanced version of MS Paint . It has tons of features , and any well-trained user can really use PS to its true max . The program does take a bit of time to learn however , just not to know what the different tools are , but to use each one to see what they do , and the knowledge of when to apply them . I use it often , from basic photo editing , screen captures , full-art -LRB- I use it for Deviantart and stuff -RRB- and just fun . I 've been using it for a while and still basically a novice , so that should give you an idea of how powerful it is . However , the price holds many people back , but any person with a bit of internet experience can find cheaper versions . Great progam all-in-all .
 This produce is great for everyone , from the expert to the kids just having fun .
 Photoshop is incredibly awesome !!! And in reality most professionals already know that fact and have no need to read further about the program , it is a must have for them . However the learning curve here is extremely steep . This program is designed for people that use it in their jobs daily to produce images for sale . There are less expensive and easier to use programs out there for people looking to edit images for personal use including Photoshop elements .
 Photoshop is one of the great software products ever created . It has continued to evolve to match the needs of advanced digital photography , offering some really astonishing capabilities -- assuming that you have the time and necessary instructional materials . It has a steep learning curve.Where Photoshop falls short is in ease of use . Along with features development , Adobe should focus on making the application simpler where possible . Even advanced users can benefit from simplicity . For instance , it could be much easier to crop photos to the conventional 3-to-2 proportion for printing and commercial processing . Adobe could adopt the kiosk method of visual cropping using a moveable box without eliminating the existing approach . It is especially bothersome to work a non-standard image into the 3-2 format , and many commercial processors automatically -LRB- and crudely -RRB- crop irregularly sized photos instead of fitting them entirely within the selected print size . Adobe needs to acknowledge the reality of every day use , and offer a simplified solution . The company is a bit slow in this department , as evidenced by how long it took to create a relatively efficient way to correct red eye.There is always a group of users who defend software difficulty of use as they either profit from the time consumption -LRB- hourly billing -RRB- , or it makes makes them feel important to gain mastery over something difficult . Adobe should ignore this minority and make Photoshop easier.One nit that I pick with recent versions is that they have made the blur tool more clumsy . A high-pixel file need be viewed at 100 percent , or it is virtually impossible to see the effect of blurring . That was n't necessary in the past , and it should n't be now.Photoshop is a gem that Adobe can continue to polish and enhance.Update
 Some of you may be wondering why I chose to purchase an older version of what is probably the most complete and versatile photo editor on the market today . The primary reason is that I still run Windows 2000 on my primary pc . The new version requires that you have Windows XP or Vista . I still run Windows 2000 for a number of reasons . The biggest reason is that I have a lot of DOS programs that will not run under XP . The next reason is that I have found Windows 2000 to be a much more stable OS . I do run XP Pro on a newer pc , but it is not configured as overall powerful.Now for the review of Adobe Photoshop CS2 . The is far and away the most complete photo editor available -LRB- except for version CS3 -RRB- . I have tried just about all of the available products on the market . I even tried the condensed version of Adobe Photoshop called `` Elements 6 '' . The full version is feature rich . It also allows levels of undo , which is most helpful . I have just started experimenting with a collage and the software is simply great . Special effects available are the most complete set that I have seen . I can not imagine what features have been added or improved to get to the new version . I am a semi-professional photographer that has only been working with digital for about 5 months . I have over 40 years experience with conventional film . I only wish that digital had been available 20 years ago at reasonable costs . I am almost convinced to start upgrading my newer pc or actually buying a new one to run XP Pro so that I can try the new version of this fantastic package . One downfall of the program is that it consumes enormous amounts of CPU resources and also memory , but that is the inherent nature of any graphical software .
 This program has many many advanced image processing capabilities . Layer tools are the best of any image processing programs I have used.I use Adobe Photoshop CS2to process astronomy images and for touch up of old photos which were scanned in digitally.It was very easy to touch pictures of my grandmother and grandfather to bring out detail from shadowy regions of the images and sharpen them up . The result was so lifelike .
 The absolute hands down winner for graphic creating and manipulation.CS3 just around the corner .
 Simply the best software out there for digital photographers , graphic designers and anything having to do with digital image creation and manipulation . Packed with features for novices to professional advanced users . The only limits are your imagination .
 this is a very good program . doesnt have too much help with the program , to tell you how to do things but you can look up online tutorials to get the basics of what you need .
 Photoshop is the king of its domain , every good artist , or anyone interested in photo manipulation , should not be without this . Now , I am not saying it 's easy as pie to use , but I am saying it 's the greatest tool for the job ... If you can use it . I myself have used it for quite a number of things , personal and business and can confidently say I still have a lot to learn .
 I purchased this product because my son uses it at school . I know he is glad we purchased it and enjoys using it .
 A gift for my daughter . It was the wrong software , and returned it .
 If your familiar with recent software you will like this planner , it 's not too complicated and is very helpful and useful .
 I copied all of my family recipes and recipes from other cookbooks that I often used . You could change the number of servings and the program would alter the recipe for you . I also would include family stories about the recipe in the space provided . GREAT ! However , since I switched to Vista , I can not get the CD to run . I am hoping that someone would update this software .
 What a joy to have a copy of the NIV bible on my computer . It is easy to use . Finding information whether you know the chapter and verse or not is easy .
 This looks great as I plan on teaching 1750 - 1900 this year to my homeschooled children . I especially like the idea of maps , that is if I can print them off . It is good to have maps pertaining to that era specifically . The only reservation I have would be the systems requirements , as I have XP but I can use it on our Windows 98 I am sure.Looks great !!
 This is a great way to learn the letters and basic reading/writig . If you just need the basics , there is no sense in buying one of those expensive programs . Nothing about it is high tech , but it gets the job done .
 Great software at a great price ! It is as functional as Cakewalk Pro Audio 7 was -LRB- I used to use that -RRB- . The 64 audio track limit is not a problem , I have never even got close to that many audio tracks . There are a lot of free MIDI effects and VST effects and instruments available for free online if you need anything this program does n't offer ... If you ca n't get sound look under OPTIONS - > AUDIO - > ADVANCED and try a different driver -LRB- ASIO , MME , etc. . . -RRB- . ASIO is best -LRB- update soundcard drivers or look for ASIO4ALL -RRB- . Also do n't forget to pick MIDI devices -LRB- OPTIONS - > MIDI DEVICES -RRB- or you 'll get no MIDI playback either ...
 To clarify complaints by a previous reviewer . If you read the product description nowhere does it promise to be easy to use or that you will be `` recording your music and listening to it right away '' . It says it is entry-level software for musicians . `` Musicians '' ... not casual users looking for a toy to play with . If you read the description of its capabilities and all of those features are going over your head common sense should tell you this may not be the software for you . Cakewalk offers a more entry-level program called `` Easy Music Creator '' ... that may be the product for you . Sonar Home Studio is extremely powerful for what it costs but it has a steep learning curve . It is the first step into serious pro-level recording software.The complaint about the helpfile is valid . Also , this product can at times have stability and driver issues , especially with built-in soundcards not intended for use with recording software . But all-in-all it is a great product when used with a pro-sumer or professional grade interface .
 I bought Sonar Home Studio to essentially expand on the sequencer of Reason 3.0 , as well as to use Reason simultaneously with Reaktor 5 . I have a lot of synth and effect plugin power , so I was looking for a basic , reasonably full featured , inexpensive sequencer to use with those two programs . Sonar Home Studio has fit that bill almost perfectly . As a previous reviewer noted , this is not a `` play and hear immediately '' sequencer . It has a truly excellent feature set for the money , and thus has a learning curve that is `` somewhat '' steep . I found Sonar HS to be refreshingly stable , and had just what I needed . Rewiring Reason into Sonar HS has been a breeze , with very few problems . It should be noted though , that propellerheads rewire update has introduced some problems . If you use Reason with this , save all of your parameters before shutting down Reason , as it sometimes shuts down Sonar along with it , -LRB- I suspect that this is an issue with Reason , not Sonar -RRB- ! Another issue is VSTi plugins . They are run through a wrapper rather than directly . Still , I had no serious problems with my VSTi plugins . The wrapper functioned as promised , the only issues that I had were some strange rendering issues with Reaktor in it 's VSTi version , but those problems at all were n't serious , and I found the VSTi versions of that program to actually be more stable ! All of the rest of my VSTi 's have worked perfectly . When using the wrapper however , do note to set the rendering size large enough to draw the plugins , as the wrapper itself has very little documentation about this . Documentation for the rest of the program was rather sparce , but enough to get one up and running , if one has basic knowledge of digital audio workstations.This program has some stability issues with EMU 's pro series cards as well , such as the 1212m . I wound up ditching their drivers , -LRB- which were n't very good anyway -RRB- , and using ASIO4ALL drivers , which have given me rock solid stability and latencies down to 5 ms without a hiccup . If you do n't know what latency is however , I would recommend Easy Music Creator to cut one 's chops on . It 's dirt cheap , and very educational.The bottomline : Sonar Home Studio is an excellent DAW for persons working with softsynths . With the right drivers , it 's both stable , and does what it says it will do . I found the workflow to be very good , -LRB- but in all fairness , that is somewhat of a personal preference -RRB- , and I also found that it was very good at syncing everything up , -LRB- I tested that extensively -RRB- , where entry level DAW 's frequently have trouble with that sort of thing . All in all , problems were found to be solvable with a little research and patience . If you are a band that is doing hard disk recording however , and are light on high level effects and mastering tools , you may want to go with Sonar 5 studio , which comes with superior effects plugins . If you have a ton of good plugins though , and are looking for a low cost sequencer , Sonar Home Studio may just fill the bill for you , and do it at an excellent price !
 I bought this to replace my husbands old cakewalk program for windows 95 ... From what I know of the program and from what my husband and son -LRB- both of which are musicians -RRB- its a great home version and has all the bells and whisles you can need . My husband is still working on tweeking it to suit him but thats a plus ... the abilty to tweek it to your needs .
 Photoshop is one of the great software products ever created . It has continued to evolve to match the needs of advanced digital photography , offering some really astonishing capabilities -- assuming that you have the time and necessary instructional materials . It has a steep learning curve.Where Photoshop falls short is in ease of use . Along with features development , Adobe should focus on making the application simpler where possible . Even advanced users can benefit from simplicity . For instance , it could be much easier to crop photos to the conventional 3-to-2 proportion for printing and commercial processing . Adobe could adopt the kiosk method of visual cropping using a moveable box without eliminating the existing approach . It is especially bothersome to work a non-standard image into the 3-2 format , and many commercial processors automatically -LRB- and crudely -RRB- crop irregularly sized photos instead of fitting them entirely within the selected print size . Adobe needs to acknowledge the reality of every day use , and offer a simplified solution . The company is a bit slow in this department , as evidenced by how long it took to create a relatively automated way to correct red eye.There is always a group of users who defend software difficulty of use as they either profit from the time consumption -LRB- hourly billing -RRB- , or it makes makes them feel important to gain mastery over something difficult . Adobe should ignore this minority and make Photoshop easier.One nit that I pick with recent versions is that they have made the blur tool more clumsy . A high-pixel file need be viewed at 100 percent , or it is virtually impossible to see the effect of blurring . That was n't necessary in the past , and it should n't be now.Photoshop is a gem that Adobe can continue to polish and enhance.Update
 Everyman 's Photoshop CS2 ReviewThe reason this is called an `` everyman 's '' review is that I 'm less than an expert . In fact , if Photoshop were a car , I 'd be the one driving it cross-country in first gear.I normally use Photoshop for creating Web graphics or sexing up photos - no shifting required , in other words . But Photoshop does way more than that , so much so that without it , most designers would curl up and die . For most of us though , running a full-bore image-editing app is like driving a Ferrari in the back yard . I ought to know
 I have been using Photoshop since version 1.0 , and it just keeps getting better and better . I received Photoshop CS just in time to use in building a website for a wedding . My customer provided me with digital photos taken by wedding guests . The Adjust > Shadow/Highlight saved me tons of work ! Dark murky photos taken inside the church were transformed into quite acceptable images that required little further tweaking . There appears to be a few new filters , and something called `` The Bridge , '' which I have n't checked out yet . This product is fabulous . Thank heavens Adobe has resisted the urge to fix something that ai n't broke . !
 It 's great to see the huge program made more and more user friendly for the amateur photographer . This is a program for the pros but it has become more and more intuitive over the years and each new upgrade makes life easier for those of us who were not professionally trained . If you buy photoshop once , you are eligible for the upgrades seemingly forever , so once you purchase the full version , you are set for years to come!For the new user , I strongly suggest Classroom in a Book and Scott Kelby 's excellent book Photoshop for Photographers .
 It 's not that Photoshop is so great at what it does , really . It 's that everyone else 's programs are so far behind it . Every release gets a little better . Even the cheaper Photoshop Elements release has the new Shadow/Highlight tool and several of the other great Photoshop feaures . I 'd love to buy a photo editing program by someone else . There are plenty of things about Photoshop that occasionally annoy me . Color correction can be some kind of voodoo ritual , for instance . There 's just nothing else out there worth considering as a replacement , though . So , uh ... I guess I 'm a loyal Adobe customer .
 I 've only used this software for about a month , but so far it has performed like Photoshop 7 on steroids . The bridge software makes it incredibly fast and easy to create a photo contact sheet with labels , and the Camera Raw function gives impressive abilities to make horribly under-exposed images in lousy color environments print very well . I 'd like to give the program 4 3/4 stars , but Amazon.com wo n't let me . The only shortcoming I 've noticed is that saving the various Curves , Hue/Sat , and Levels settings -LRB- and probably others -RRB- does not automatically put them where I want , which is usually the folder in which I 'm working , without my specially defining where I want them saved via a dialog menu . It 's then annoying to try to find these settings if I forget to tell the program where I want them put .
 Photoshop CS 2 Screen The Current Adobe Photoshop CS 2 Line * The Adobe Bridge
 Ordered it here on April 9 and my account says I wo n't get it until June 18th . The order page still says ships in one to two weeks . in the meantime I 've downloaded the demo and it appears a great update . Now if I only had the manual that will come with my copy .
 i 'm just irritated because i bought the CS software package about 2 months ago and was really thrilled to actually be on top of my upgrades . alas , unless i want to shell out another $ 300 , i 'm out .
 I am no way a professional of photo editing , but I like to have a good tool when I need it . This is just this , a wonderful tool limited by just your time to learn it properly . If you have time to study it it will make you do things you 've never imagined .
 In The Netherlands Photoshop CS2 was very hard to get but you still had it on stock . And , not to forget , at a very competitive price ! But best of all , only a few days later it was delivered to me . That was really the icing on the cake!A fair price and swift delivery
 I found many improvements in overall manageability , but some have taken time to get used to . The application window that opens for some filters is too much for me . I do love the ease with which I can move from Photoshop to Painter as I use both.Since Photography is my main reason for Photoshop , Bridge is great for working with RAW -LRB- once I figured it out -RRB- , but as a browser for finding images I had to learn to adjust to it . The old browser was simpler to use . Sometimes I do not want it around in the background , and now I just close it out.For me Bridge was the biggest new addition . I like the rename feature , metadata , file info window , RAW adjustment . The rest of Photoshop was a natural upgrade and was easy to move into .
 Photoshop CS 2 is in a league of it 's own . It can be used to do professional photo retouching and correcting but it is also probably the best painting package out there . It 's not perfect however . There are some features that high end compositing and color grading programs like Inferno and DaVinci have that Photoshop could use , and the warper is just bare bones but then we 're talking big bucks and no doubt Photoshop will eventually have something like them . Except for a few filters , it can function in 16 bits per channel which was a long time coming but now it 's here , making it a professional product . Still , as far as I 'm concerned , the ultimate paint program has yet to be written .
 Simply superb programme and the standard by which other image manipulation software is judged allbeit with some disparagement . The advancements made from my first PS 3 through to PS 6 and now CS and CS2 has been truly remarkable . However think I will sit out CS 3 and catch up .
 The response was very fast . The item came as advertised . It works on my MAC G4 very nicely .
 I have been using and upgrading Photoshop since version 2.5 . Photoshop CS2 -LRB- Version 9 -RRB- has been the best upgrade thus far . I am using the raw converter with great results . I just tried the Capture One Pro from Phase One , and did not like it as much for numerous reasons.There are a lot of new features that I find to be of great use from a photographic point of view .
 I love living books . I just wish they would produce more .
 To add a little to the previous review , it is an upgrade as it says . Typically any software upgrade expects to find a previous installed version , and this is no exception . My previous install is Pagemaker 6.5 . The Pagemaker 7.0.2 upgrade found it , but it also asked me to enter its serial number , so write it down before you start or you 'll have to exit install and then start again ... damhikt . And of course it wants the new serial number which is on the CD box . Past that and all goes well . It does not overwrite or replace the previous version , so in my case I have a functioning 6.5 and 7.0.2 should I want that.This new -LRB- and what I guess will be the last -RRB- release of Pagemaker does n't differ a lot from 6.5 . The biggest difference for me is it 's compatibility with Photoshop PSD files . Pagemaker 6.5 issues a popup declaring that it does n't know how to place this filetype , so getting a Photoshop image into this version requires working with a different bitmap filetype -LRB- jpg , etc. -RRB- . But a PSD image places into Pagemaker 7 with no problem , even one that has been `` Photoshopped '' to include layers , etc.There are some other bells and whistles , but for me the Photoshop compatibility is the heavy hitter.Recommended .
 What relief ! When I got rid of Vista & it 's problems and purchased Windoes 7 I was relieved.While I installed my Pagemaker 6.5 I found that it would not work with the new computer . Now I was not relieved.Ouch - some several hundred files could not be accessed.This up-grade software installed and works just fine.It is necessary to have the serial number of the version being upgraded.Relief !!!!
 Since I switched to Linux , finding a good IDE was hard . Until I found this . If you know your way around a programming language , then I recommened this . It will make your coding projects abit easier to manage and faster to do .
 We 're not a much of a gaming family , but I like how Masters of Elements and Physics plays . Great way to introduce some basic science concepts ; kind of `` kid tested , mother approved '' as Kicks Cereal would say .
 No background music , just James Earl Jones speaking the Word in that deep , fantastic voice ! His rendition is the best I 've heard compared with other audio ; simply for the fact that his passion , excellent pronunciation of names & places is wonderful.I 'd give it a 10 star rating if it were available!Maranatha !
 I teach presentation skills , so I 'm always on the lookout for things that make PowerPoint better . I 've tried and recommended other software in the past , but none of them have the power of Ovation.This is an outstanding piece of software . The visual effects are stunning , and it 's so easy to use that a child could learn it in a few minutes . PowerPoint is boring , and everyone 's presentations look the same . Not any more ! Full-motion backgrounds and effects really jazz up your presentations , and they have over 100 professional-looking business themes available . See their website -LRB- seriousmagic dot com -RRB- for a demonstration of what it can do . All you have to do is drag and drop your PowerPoint presentation on the Ovation icon , choose a theme and the effects , and voila ! - a new presentation!The current version 1.0 can not process embedded video or audio files , but they say that will be fixed with the first patch within the next month or two . Despite that shortcoming , this is the best PowerPoint enhancement available - heads and shoulders above the competitors .
 I bought the OVATION product because I use PowerPoint every day for presentations to people in our college . OVATION is so good when you work through the kinks in it that most people after my shows ask how I did such a cool PowerPoint presentation instead of how good the information was!The product has pretty much been ignored by Adobe for any upgrades or patches and it is not compatible with PowerPoint 2007 , and your video card had better be strong or the powerlook will dump out on you.With that said , there are more than enough powerlooks to work your magic with any PowerPoint show you want to use . It is a good buy and you will not be sorry you got it , just plan to work around some things .
 Long awaited -LRB- altogether too long -RRB- , but worth it . This is a major improvement over version 2.5 , and , quite frankly , is in my opinion the only real option for large scale -LRB- ie . symphonic -RRB- sampling work . By my estimation , its improved ram handling allows you to load about 33 % more samples on your system - and it load thems very quickly ! What before might have taken ten minutes , now takes less than one.The inclusion of Gigapulse can not be overemphasized - it is astonishing , the best convolution reverb I have heard . No need for anything else once you have this.The new piano included is also a nice piece of work - in fact , it is better than most piano libraries available commercially . A shame they did n't decide to sample a concert grand -LRB- of the Steinway , Bosendorfer , or Fazioli variety -RRB- , but it can be applied to many different uses.A must have for the serious composer.P.S.There can be some problems when first installing , but these can be overcome in virtually all cases . Frustrating yes , but the rewards are too great to ignore .
 You 've never skated like this before ! Wacky environments and multiple characters make this a lot of fun for everybody . There are 12 levels , and five different modes . The game keeps moving , so you never get bored . I absolutely recommend this one !
 This is a very fun game ! You get to skate in a lot of different places like the city or Goofy 's nieghborhood . You can be Goofy or Max and there are a lot of tricks you can pull off . A very good game . Lots of fun !! THIS WAS USEFUL TO YOU !!!!!
 this game is everything my 4 year old son hoped it would be ! i have to pry him off it ! he loves it ! you can skate around several different worlds , unlocking keys to open new worlds , there is no violence or `` dying '' in this game at all , goofy and max just keep on skating no matter what the kids put them thru ! absoultly fabulous !
 Goofy has never been this fun . Plus , you get to skate around as his son Max . The both have different ways to do moves . Anyway , bottom line , I was surprised at how good the graphics are and my nephew is having fun wtih it . Typically , Disney puts out some good educational games , but this is just pure fun .
 this goofy game is the best with all it ' a cool graphics and awesome tricks ps please say this helped u
 My son really enjoys this game . Max skates around a bunch of different places like a carnival . -LRB- Skating on a roller coaster is pretty fun . -RRB-
 I bought this CD ROM for my 3 year-old daughter , who is just crazy about the Rolie Polie Olie TV show . She is really enjoying the game ! There are lots of cute clickable items in the rooms , and the games are fun , too - not your usual run-of-the-mill CD games . Her favorite is the one where you catch crayons . I find the games are intuitive enough that she can play them by herself , without having to call for help every five minutes . I was really impressed with this product !
 Bought this game shortly after it was released and my kids -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- have been delighted by Olie , Spot , Zowie and Pappy ever since they started playing it . Clickable objects scattered throughout the Polie home play sounds and animate when the kids click on them and the games are lightly educational and thoroughly enjoyable . -LRB- I 've even been caught looking for Pappy 's teeth in Tubby !! -RRB- Lots of fun and O-So-Cute !
 I bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter . She just loves it . She ca n't quite maneuver the mouse to get where she needs to go all the time , but she 'll get the hang of it . The colors are bright and there is lots of activity . Sometimes the program gets confused and errors out , but it always recovers nicely and does n't just close or lock up your system .
 These Rolie Polie movies are the greatest and my 2 yr . old really liked this one . He just loves them and they keep he so entertained so I get some work done around the house . He glues himself to the movie that the only way you can get his attention is by turning it off , that is how much he loves it . I 'm so glad that they have come out with these little movies and they are so cute , they are not scary , they have no volience of any type like alot of shows , and that is very important in our home.Thanks for producing such good little shows for little ones .
 For a relative newcomer to genealogy , this CD is great ! Tons of info in at my fingertips . I recommend it .
 I worked on this product , I voice the character of `` madison '' . Any company that is willing wo work with new , young talent gets an A + in my book . And , while we were reading the scripts , a lot of teh math that I was teaching , i did n't actually understand , since it was a cold read . The writing was so good that even without having heard the terms before or having the benefit of the visuals that come with the program , i learned the math . in fact , one of the concepts was introduced in my math class about a month later , and I already understood it all and eventually aced the test , just from two hours of work on that particular lesson .
 Original Fritz and Chester -LRB- F&C ;-RRB- , that was released less than two years ago , was a revolutionary program because it managed to combined introduction of chess rules and some very basic principles with exceptional graphics that kept children , including my 5 year old , glued to the screen and eager to play -LRB- and learn -RRB- . The program was really high quality and proved to be very attractive for kids as young as 3 . You can find my extensive review of the original F&C ; here on Amazon . Also , it is strongly recommended in my book `` Chess Exam and Training Guide
 My kids -LRB- 6 and 8 -RRB- are learning so much from Fritz and Chesster 2 !! In fact , my 6 year old daughter started winning a few games at their local chess club after graduating to this game -LRB- from Fritz and Chesster 1 -RRB- . Today I decided to play with them -LRB- since they do n't like to play against each other - they 're still working on that `` good sportsmanship '' thing -RRB- , and I let them team up against me . I was viewing this as an opportunity to help them think ahead , predict moves , and protect their pieces.However , I was the one who learned !! They surprised me again and again by reciting strategies -LRB- move your bishops and knights out , save your Queen for the real battle , do n't move your pawns willy nilly , break your oponnent 's wall , etc. . . -RRB- they had learned from this game.They also knew the relative value of the pieces , but could see advantages to making uneven swaps sometimes . For example , they shocked me by sacrificing a bishop for a pawn in order to open a hole in my wall , which they later exploited to checkmate my king . This was a strategy that even 1 month ago would have been unthinkable to them.Anyway , I defer to other more experienced chess players and computer users who have made specific comments about graphics , dialogue , and strategies . I am sure that at some point , my kids will move beyond this game and what it has to offer.But for now I could n't be happier with the Chesster and Fritz games ! My kids absolutely love playing the computer games and are really learning to play chess - and not just `` computer chess '' , but chess that lets them beat other kids at chess club - not to mention me.I think I 'm going to go demand a rematch : -RRB-
 Even BetterI bought the first title Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster about a year ago for my son and he liked it a lot . He likes it so much that I got curious and started playing it myself . This software really taught me how to play chess so easily and in such a fun way . I did not play chess when I bought it but I do now!When I saw on Amazon that there is a sequel available I ordered it right away and I have to say
 When you practice basketball , you practice one specific skill at a time . Repetition of fundamental movements leads to mastery . Chess , of course , is the same , but I have never really seen a book or program that uses this fundamental method of practice as an approach to learning the game.What is even more special is that the drills are FUN ! My son -LRB- a precocious seven years old -RRB- will practice one drill for up to an hour , trying to reach the next level in the Black Castle . My wife looks at the `` video game '' he is playing and asks , `` Where is the Chess ? '' But the Chess is definitely there . I play it myself to beef up my skills . Sure I know what a discovered check is , but I 've probably only used it a half dozen times in an actual game . This lets me identify the move in dozens of different tactical situations - outstanding practice . Same for forks , pins , double checks , and lots of other really good tactical plays.I have heard the first version is great at teaching the game . My son already knew the basics quite well , so I got the second version . I think that was the right move . But for a beginner I think the first version has got to be great too after seeing how well this one works .
 My 8 year old son , who plays competitive chess , loves this game . It teaches stategy and has good games for openings and middle games and end games . This was recommended by his chess coach and it is a way for him to learn on his own between sessions.I would recommend this for players who know the rules , but need to strengthen their game - all done in a fun and truely learning way !
 My four-year-old son loved the first Fritz and Chesster so much I just had to get the second . I would have gotten the third installment as well , but it appears to require a DVD-Rom and more up-to-date software than he has on his computer -LRB- I suggest you always review those details before buying -RRB- . Like the first , this second installment has the same quirky and artistic sensibility and lots of amusing details that keep me as interested in it as he is.The first one seemed a lot more `` British '' than this one . Just one example
 My kids loved the first Fritz and Chesster chess CD . They were just as pleased with the second . Although they 're recommended for ages 8 and up , there is minimal reading involved , making it appropriate for even our 5 year old . I know nothing about chess , but this works to make it accessible to my kids , despite my ignorance . Highly recommend !
 I have the first part , but it does not tell me anything in regard to Castling , but part two does have it , and explains it well , and what a difference it has made in my Chess game . With 200 games under my belt -LRB- i am still a novice -RRB- this has sure helped me stand against the Chess machine in this part 2 of Learn how to play Chess with Fritz and Chesster
 My children absolutely love this version . They wake at 5 a.m. to play before school . My son says `` it 's great -- I 've learned lots of tips , and now I 'm a much better chess player . `` Why a 4-star and not 5 ? The down-side -- the game does n't allow the player to `` save '' at a certain level -- totally frustrates the kids when they want to return , they have to start at the beginning again .
 This is a wonderul teaching aid for any age . And it 's lots of fun too ! You wo n't be sorry giving this one a try !
 Fritz and chesster teaches you about chess rules and good moves that are simple and short.I am in first grade and I studied fritz and chesster and I was the chess champion just by following the moves.Play against King black and more !
 My 5 year old son loves this program . The series seems quite effective at teaching chess . I know some people have complained that they did n't understand the navigation , but it uses standard kids gaming navigation methods . Those people are just not very computer or game literate . If my 5 yo can figure it out without any of my help , then ... ???
 This second part of Fritz and Chesster is as good as the first part of Fritz and Chesster , but with more focus on strategies to optimize the utility of each piece in their own right . There is no duplication from the first part and it is certainly worth the money to buy both softwares . The graphics are beautiful and the instructions are very clear . My eight-year old son , who is a beginner in chess , loved both parts of this software after playing with them for a couple of weeks . I highly recommend this software for any children -LRB- in particular -RRB- and adults who want to learn how to play chess .
 Learn to play chess with Fritz and Chester 1 and 2 are both great games to learn chess . It captures the kids attention with little games and teaches them how to use the pieces -LRB- in # 1 -RRB- and some strategy -LRB- in # 2 -RRB- . My 8 year old loves the games and even my 5 year old started playing some of the games in # 1 . The only problem - both of my games have audio glitches -LRB- they are made in Germany and it seems that something has gone wrong with the sound in our english versions -RRB- - however my kids do n't seems to mind .
 My kids are learning chess , and this program does a great job of teaching them basic principles in a way that is accessible and easy to understand . They love it .
 My kids love the Fritz and Chester II and it is difficult for me to get them off the computer . But one problem is that they are so addictive to it that they now do n't have enough time for their study and piano . The software teaches some good strategies which are good for beginners.My biggest complaint is that you can not back up the CD because it is encrypted and protected . This means that if you scratch the CD which happens very often , you have to buy new CD .
 This is an excellent product for kids . My kid loves to learn with this software . I had issues installing this product . Other than installation issues , it has been excellent . We are having fun now!I will recommend this title for kids starting on chess !
 Although this game maybe aimed for kids , it can still offer powerful training games in an entertaining way . Each assorted machines is like an arcade that trains each tactical aspects individually . Such as blind Chess , eye-training , memory training of chess positions are most notable that separates it from the other beginner chess training programs.The only thing I hate bout this game is the lack of options . You ca n't log off to a different username without having to shutdown the program first then relog nor can you delete usernames . No BGMs -LRB- backgroundmusic -RRB- during chess matches.Other than that , its an awesome tactical training tool . Kids really do love to play this game and is one of the best games out there that can get them into playing Chess . I think Chess can be a beneficial contribution to school learning and thinking process .
 I 'm not going to cover the technical drawbacks of this software except to briefly mention that you should look over other reviews before you buy . However , despite annoying design features , this is quite an amazing piece of software ! I would certainly rate it a 5 + if there were n't some design shortcomings and undocumented features ; -RRB- For starters , the educational intent of this software was well thought out . Young people will certainly learn a lot about chess through using this program and they will have tremendous fun doing it ! The game teaches fairly advanced concepts in very clever and engaging ways for children of all ages and even adults.The graphics and characters are great . The explanations of principles are sound and they are reinforced through fun chess exercises . The program encourages young chess players and at the same time challenges them to improve.The product description above covers the scope of the concepts covered in detail and I found this description to be accurate so I wo n't repeat it . I spent about 2 hours with a 9 year old playing the game and I had a lot of fun!I did n't find that this program was especially difficult to use and my young friend was able to figure it out intuitively . He also found it difficult to pull himself away and so did I . This definitely an activity you can enjoy along with your children.The overall concept for this teaching tool is interesting because it involves three layers of play . There is the overall game of rescuing the king who is trapped in the castle which is used as a tool to motivate the player to learn new chess skills that allow them to progress in this higher order game . Embedded within this larger framework are a number of clever chess teaching games where you can record high scores and learn various skills . These can be selected from within an animated room , which gives the player some freedom of choice . Additionally , there are other fun games that are not necessarily related to chess , but that allow the player to relax their chess concentration and refresh themselves for tackling more difficult chess skills challenges.I also think it 's good that kids could join -LSB- ... -RSB- for a year and play against others as part of the purchase price . This gives them an arena to apply their chess knowledge and is a good community that is always available . There are other online chess communities that are free , but I still think this is a nice added bonus.I do n't think any parent could go wrong purchasing this software for their child . It 's good for hundreds or even thousands of hours of entertainment and its powered by an excellent chess engine . However , you ca n't play a game of chess against the computer with it . It is ONLY a teaching tool . However , you can buy Fritz Grandmaster Software for about -LSB- ... -RSB- which does have this capability at a very low price point compared to other products of comparable playing ability . I 've heard criticisms of Fritz 9 and my understanding is the extra cost does not add a lot of value . In fact , at this point there seems to be some bugs with Fritz 9 . If you purchase this product , you wo n't be disappointed . I wish they had it when I was learning to play chess !
 Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster 2 , continues where the first CD left off . Like the first CD , this program may take some guessing regarding what exactly is one supposed to do , and clicking on the crown in the upper right corner helps to navigate through the game.This program is really good for grasping the basic tactics and strategies because your progress is measured and you have to develop certain skill proficiency before moving to higher level and learning more tactics and strategies.The CD covers some popular opening moves , middle game tactics like pins , forks , skewers and deflection , and mating strategies in end game . With practice on this CD , you can begin to win some games , and then move on to Learn to Play Chess with Fritz and Chesster 3 , which is out in German , and is supposed to be out soon in English .
 My son loved Fritz & Chesster 1 , so Santa brought him this second installment for Christmas . One afternoon I challenged him to a chess duel , and out of nowhere , he beat me . I was totally unprepared for his learning curve with this program . It seemed like the exercises were silly , but , as a teacher , I can appreciate how brilliantly crafted they are.One exercise , Spooky Chess , trains them to `` see '' the board in their minds . They can choose to play with `` ghost pieces , '' where all the pieces look like the same ghost and kids have to remember what piece they are . Once they master that , they can play with invisible pieces . There is a blank board and kids have to remember not only what the pieces are but where they are as well . They get points for each possible move they make and can get into a high score roster.The exercises also build on and complement each other . For example , in one exercise , kids have to remember moves in a Simon-like game . This not only trains them to think out multiple moves , but can help them with Spooky Chess and remembering where invisible pieces are.Throughout the game there are short rhymes that keep chess strategies in kids ' minds . My son loves playing this game and even though he has `` finished '' it , continues to play . Yesterday he asked me if there was a Fritz and Chesster 3 , and asked me to order it.Yes , for an adult the program is a bit clunky . The stories drag on and you can not jump ahead . But my 7-year-old loves it . And in praise of its clunkiness , it 's nice to see something geared toward kids that is n't warp speed .
 I taught my son the basics of chess at 5 and he totally took to it , but I 'm not a particularly good player , so I could n't help him improve his game . So we bought him this software and it did just what we wanted
 This is a great product for my 8 year old . He finds it entertaining and the game just comes naturally to him.Love every aspect of it and would highly recommennd to any parent who would like computer games that really do something for your chid 's brain .
 LOL jokes and cute graphics for parent 's and kids to enjoy together ! This game builds on the first one . It also has much of what the first one has - it really incorporates a wonderful storyline , humor and lots of little games to teach kids sophisticated chess techniques . Grade A + - Tons of replayability .
 we have number 1 and now this onevery recommendedmy kids plays hours with it
 I enjoyed watching Kasparov discuss the Queen 's Gambit with such brilliance , and I agree with other reviewers who say that he comes across as down-to-earh . There is no question about his passion for the game , and any chess player will enjoy the commentary of this legendary grandmaster . I give it four stars because a better production was actually possible . In fact , with a bit of focus and organization , this DVD could have been a valuable instructional tool . The problem is that Kasparov goes on many tangents , and while this is occasionally unavoidable when discussing variations , it can become tedious . It 's not a matter of his English , either -- he expresses himself well . Overall , I could n't help but get the impression that this was filmed haphazardly -- that is , he probably just sat down and began discussing the opening any which way . What was needed was the careful selection of themes within the framework of the lecture ; the DVD could have been divided into crucial minilessons that retained focus instead of random observations with loose-fitting titles . If the aim was to teach , then the approach needs modification . I 'm a decent player with club and some tournament experience . I followed him as best as I could , but I can see a beginner being easily overwhelmed and quickly losing interest . As a fan , it 's a pleasure to watch him discuss the game ; as a life-long student of chess , I expect more .
 Garrys DVD is quite inspiring . Even though he just retired you can feel the love of the game.You get several chapters on Theory and several longer chapters of games in a DVD format.These can be viewed on TV or with your Fritz/Shredder 8 package.Additionally the CD contains a database with the Queens Gambit Declined opening book and gamesI have a rating of 2170 and I did not buy this for study , but for entertainment , but I was surprised to see myself try a few of the recommendations Kasparov mentioned in the Lasker variation the very next day.Pros : - Garry loves chess and you can feel it - Garry has played the best players and he is able toportrait this in his comments . - The format is great in Chessbase - I love to have the opening tree available in Chessbaseoh it comes with the readerCons : - Garry 's english is not 100 % fluent , but it is totally adequate - THE DVD is a little choppy on my DVD , but then it might be my player.All in AllI love it just for the possibility to have Garry in my family room .
 It is :1 -RRB- A highly informative survey of many classical QGD lines and historic games .2 -RRB- A very short overview of non-QGD openings .3 -RRB- Garry talking casually and 80 mph about the above .4 -RRB- A big database .5 -RRB- Crystal clear on Fritz .6 -RRB- For those who are interested in chess history & getting `` the big picture '' on an important opening .7 -RRB- Nice to hear how to pronounce all those foreign names .8 -RRB- Loosely structured around main variations and famous games.It is n't :1 -RRB- For players looking for a repertoire .2 -RRB- For beginners -LRB- which it might appear to be by the advertising -RRB- 3 -RRB- `` Instructional '' in the common meaning of the term .4 -RRB- Clear enough for me on the DVD player.I really enjoyed the product because I did n't have any real expectations as to exactly what it would be like . I recommend getting Matthew Sadler 's book on the Queen 's Gambit Declined as well and then sitting down for some serious study ! Garry does n't really talk over your head , he simply covers a lot of ground in 3 hours and this can be overwhelming if you try to take in too much of it at one time .
 As one of Mr. Kasparov 's first such ventures , this was one heck of a product . It 's best used in a computer v.s a DVD player . I agree with a previous review that the language is a bit tough , but I could appreciate the natural conversation . The games are excellent , but I wished that he had gone into more detail about the decision for some moves . Overall , it 's a worth the purchase . I actually obtained this version from the manufacturer , before it was available on Amazon , so the Amazon price is much better . I just wish that Amazon would come thru with # 2 , that 's been on order since January !
 Garry Kasparov comes across so well in this video . He 's charismatic and down to earth -- and able to communicate and teach in a universal and accessible way . It 's like having him in your living room when you start the dvd . I bet even people who do n't know a thing about chess would find this fantastic just because it 's him . The other really cool thing in this DVD is that the chessboard illustrates what he says with highlighted squares and arrows . Any one who `` experiences '' his private tutoring will be able to impress others with their chess smarts & newfound vocabulary . I totally recommend this title for all chess players and young , school age chess players too . Advanced players will want to pop this into their computers so they can use the games database and analysis functions.And really , since he 's really the best chess player ever in history , this is really equivalent to God speaking about miracles .
 Electric Quilt 6 upgrade only works if you have the previous version installed . If you do not , you need to purchase the full version not the upgrade.EQ6 makes if fast and easy to create blocks and add them to your library . I particularly like the help videos they have included . They have expanded the paper-pieced library to include some cute & fun items such as vegies , beach scenes and more animals . With the expanded fabric library its easier now more than ever to make your quilts look just right.EQ6 is an essential quilters tool . My one peeve with it is that they do not offer downloadable expansions from their website , and creating layouts is still a little awkward .
 I had a hard time with this program at first because it did n't have the Adobe software interface I 'm familiar with -LRB- Illustrator , etc. -RRB- . It has its own rules for rotating , copying , etc. 2 days go I embarked on creating a Storm at Sea quilt from a picture that I liked . In the process , I really learned how EQ works . My conclusion
 I 'm having so much fun with this program . It 's tutorial and book make it very easy to learn . As a matter of fact , my 6 year old has been designing quilts with it . It 's a program that will grow with me as the complexity of my projects increase .
 I have had so much fun using this software it 's almost a pity to leave off and actually go and make the quilt!The handbook is so well written and easy to follow that I had no problems with extending the tutorials to play with my own ideas and I 've been able to play around with far more options than I would have tried with pencil and paper.I love the speed in which I can change colour , change fabrics , rotate blocks and add different borders . Fantastic ! I dare anyone to find a better way to design a quilt .
 I have been reading the enclosed manual , taking the lessons , and reviewing the program . Since I 'm new to doing quilts it has been a good experience for me . I 'm enjoying all part thus far . I find the only draw back to this product is the limited 4 downloads other than that I have n't gone far enough into it to see if there are other things I would n't like . All in all I can say it is a good purchase for learners .
 Had to take a few notes at first to learn the ins and outs of the software , but you really can do just about anything with it that you can think up . It works with Word software very well and does even more . Very pleased . Lessons in the manual very easy and a useful quick way to learn .
 Installed easily - still working my way through the lessons in the book -LRB- which are well-written and clear -RRB- . I 'm loving it !
 While I wanted to buy EQ7 , my wallet would n't approve the purchase . However , this software is doing a great job for me.It was very easy to learn , and the day I got it I installed it and designed a simple quilt on it -LRB- just finished the quilt and it looks great ! -RRB- Now , I am pretty computer proficient , but it was n't hard to figure it out at all.Then I started doing the video learning , and it opened up all kinds of new ideas and skills for me . They did a great job in making it user-friendly . I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who quilts-even if you do n't design your own quilts . If you 're using patterns from a book or magazine and want to change the colors , this is the perfect way to try out different combinations . One quilter suggested I print out a grayscale of the block pattern and color it in . That lasted about ten minutes before I quit . I could have been there for hours doing what EQ6 did for me in minutes .
 I am by no means computer or software literate . This program has wonderful lessons , plus video helps ! I would highly recommend it to any level quilter . Do n't see how you could possibly go wrong .
 I have just started following the lessons in the manual and it is very easy to follow .
 I spend hours designing and a lot of ink printing all the creations I come up with . I know I have n't tapped into all its potential but give me time . I hope I live long enough to make all of the creations . I won the block-of-the-month at Ritzy Thimble Quilt Guild that I am a member of . It was 4th of July red white , blue Variable Star pattern , and with all the different reds , whites and blues , had to come up with a way to make them cohesive . If it was n't for the EQ6 It would not have come out as pretty as it did . This is by far the best program . I 'm sure EQ7 is fab but I may never know cause this one is perfect for now . And the price was right , HUGE PLUS !!
 This has got to be the best way to put your quilts together ever . Load your fabric that you just bought at your favorite fabric store and design away , ca n't get any easier than that . I love loading my favorite quilt blocks . This program has it right and makes it easy for the user . Thank you EQ6 .
 This is a wonderful program very detailed . Very easy for a person that sews to understand but you might put that it is not for a beginner . I totaly understand sewing programs but someone that does n't , may need more help . I am very interestedin knowing if you have other programs for Machine Embroiderying if so pleased contact me by Email . Thanks Connie
 My wife is just agog about the new computer software , and it enhances her already considerable talent !
 it is a great program for designing your own quiltstable runners and table toppers and place mats theprogram is wonderful . and in the manual it has lessonyou follow to learn it more .
 Received this item in a timely fashion . I have it loaded on my computer , but have not yet used it .
 The CentOS Linux 4 operating system is built from the publicly provided sources developed by Red Hat Linux . That does n't make this the same as Red Hat Enterprise Linux - but it 's not too far from the mark.CentOS Linux is an excellent dedicated server operating system that includes support Intel 32-bit and 64-bit processors . Installation is as nearly easy as any Red Hat distribution , which makes it easier than most Linux systems albeit not as easy as the incredibly user friendly Mandriva and Ubuntu distributions.To build a new CentOS 4 server , I purchased an inexpensive eMachines T6212 desktop with 512 MB RAM and an AMD Athlon 64 3200 + processor . Unlike most Linux installations , this was an unbelievably slow installation . The installation took several hours . The installation does an excellent job of automatically identifying your hardware and then presents you with an astonishing list of optional software packages to install . This includes all manner of server tools including relational database servers , the ability to act as a Windows-compatible network server , electronic mail , web servers and full development tools . While not quite to the Windows standard of cheerful handholding , the CentOS installer is a bit more no nonsense and expects you 've been down the Linux path before.Security is a huge issue , and this version of CentOS supports the SELinux security engine developed in partnership with the National Security Agency . The result is a very secure Linux server that meets or exceeds even the most stringent security standards . CentOS includes the iptables firewall , which can be a bit tricky to setup and configure . Still , this can be an excellent way to build a simple and reliable home DMZ . Use the provided fetchmail and procmail services , and you can safely retrieve email from commercial mail accounts like Yahoo! , Gmail and ISP accounts , filter them for spam , trojans and viruses and have your in-house users connect to your CentOS server for their safely cleansed email.Since I was most interested in setting up an email server , I used the installed Postfix electronic mail server with Dovecot to provide POP3 and IMAP services . Configuration was very easy , but not for the faint of heart . I added Squirrelmail - a web based email client that allows my users to review their email online without needing to use a separate email client , just their web browser . Kind of like Microsoft 's Outlook Web Agent . You 'll need more than provided documentation to do this.Once I had the email server working , I downloaded and installed Spamassassin and Clam Antivirus . Within a few hours , I had a well-secure electronic mail server that automatically filters email against viruses , trojans , and spam . All for free.I 'd recommend CentOS to home users who want to get hands-on experience with enterprise-grade Linux servers and to small organizations that can not afford the high prices charged by certain commercial software houses . A configuration like CentOS in the Windows world can easily cost an organization of 50 people well over $ 20,000 . With CentOS , you can have an equal degree of power with far higher security for free .
 If you have an older PC or dedicated system that needs it -LRB- many are still in use -RRB- . This is also MS-DOS compatible so if you need to run programs that use DOS and Windows , this is for you . Still a great product and handy for people on a budget or smaller companies .
 Microsoft Professional Edition 2003 is everything you need for all your small office needs . Included in the 2 CD ROMS are Access , Publisher , Business Contact Manager Update for Outlook 2003 , Outlook , Word , Excel , and PowerPoint -- all 2003 . This is the original office suite platform on which all later versions are built . Many offices still use this version . Included is the book and Service Pack update . Requires a minimum of Windows 2000 . 32 bit edition . Really great !
 This is an okay choice for simple home planning . The color selection is good as long as you accept that it wo n't be a Sherwin-Williams perfect match . The fabrics tend to stretch and look strange , but there are a fair amount to get by with , the wallpapers are okay , the curtains colors are really limited . It seems best for single to three room layouts , without mirrors , clocks or pictures which tend to float or attach to corners . Stairs are a pain as there seems no way to rotate them for your space . Save save save as you go , there are sudden glitches that freeze things up . I like it overall for fooling with or exploring what a space would look like from a blueprint . Have n't figures out the import feature yet either ! For the price it is decent and does let you get a feel for the space .
 I recieved this as a gift for Xmas ... this is how I ended up with it , otherwise I might have been scared adfter reading the reviews here . But this is very effective software if you are familiar with cad or at least some sort of design software . I have a background in design and am familiar with other 3d software . I also use 20/20 kitchen software . My laptop is loaded with Gig and RAM so that makes alot of difference . It took a long time to load the software ... I havent had one crash and quickly designed a 3500 sq ft house . I admit there is a few things I dont like about this software , it could be much better , but viewing the house in 3d is pretty good for the price . It has enough options to choose from . The graphics are not bad , but dont expect it to look as great as the box images . Im not done exploring it yet . If you have a pc with the power and goodies and you perhaps a slight background using this type of software , it should be aequate for doing alot of useful tasks , otherwise yeah , dont be disapointed because your pc cant handle it .
 This product is fun to play with . I like all the options . It does take up a lot of space on the computer though . It has a lot of options and designs , which I like though .
 I installed this game on a notebook computer running windows xpand installed a patch available on line for privateer bounty from gamespot . I still have a few occasional problems , occasionally the camera view of a battle does n't work properly , plus sometime the AI does n't work properly , it does n't credit damage done to a ship . You can be blasting away at an enemy ship at close range and the AI will not credit you with doing any damage . These two problems occured about three per cent of the time . The graphics are excellent and you can speed up or slow down the game as needed . Out of about 120 battle scenarios I have had problems mainly with only three . The game is addictive . Most of the time the AI is brillant but occasionaly it appears stupid . If you played against a skillful human opponent the game would be great . The game is mostly single ship actions ; but almost all of the major fleet battles are included in the battle scenarios , such as the Nile , Cape St. Vincent , and the Battle of the Chesapeake 1781 .
 < Bought the game , loaded it and installed the patch on a Desktop running < XP . Hangs up in the load scenario window . I left it running over night - < still never loaded . POS.Right-click on the desktop item , select `` Properties '' , select the `` Compatibility '' tab , choose `` Win 98 '' in the drop down menu . Then the game will run fine under XP
 Even though this game is pretty old I found it to be an enjoyable play . I was looking for a game that simulates ship to ship combat in the age of the tall sailing ship and I found it ! The controls take a little effort to learn but worth it . It reminded me of an even older game I used to play on my commodore 64 called ` broadsides ' . A great game for those with interest in strategic nautical simulations .
 AGE OF SAIL II PRIVATEER 'S BOUNTY is a great fun upgrade from AGE OF SAIL . I had AGE OF SAIL II and was disappointed with the game operating flaws . PRIVATEER 'S BOUNTY seems to have cleared most of the operating flaws up . I have had only one experience of the scenario messing up and I am not sure it just was n't my computer . The controls are easy to learn . The game is set in real time or can be speeded up which makes it good for easy going adults and gameboy speed kids . My 11yr old loves the game . I like to be able to teach him tactics . We have 2 copies and the plan is soon to play against each other .
 Never having had either piano or keyboard lessons , I was apprehensive about learning to play my keyboard by myself through a software program . I was pleasantly surprised . Keyboard Coach has 25 individual lessons to choose from , starting with how to use the program . I really liked the easy way you are shown how to connect your keyboard to the computer to monitor the interactive lessons -LRB- I was not looking forward to that part -RRB- . The opening screen looks like a winding ribbon with multiple lessons . There are five rows on this ribbon with five lessons in each row . Click on a box on the ribbon to open that lesson . The lessons offer both written and video/sound clips . The clips can be viewed in a small window or full screen , and range from explaining how the plethora of buttons on my keyboard work , to observing correct finger placement to mimic -- and actually play a song.Additional stuff includes what they call Cool Band Trax , or `` music missing the keyboard '' where you can practice for a real audition , or like me just pretend.If you own a keyboard collecting dust and you have never taken a lesson before , Keyboard Coach is going to make you feel like a star .
 Because of the subject review , I sent a message to Charanga.Here is their response : Each of the points it makes is absolutely untrue . Finger placement is not only demonstrated it is demonstrated in 2 different ways ie with video , and with photographs . How to read music is taught very patiently right from scratch . An entire Level 1 Module with 10 lessons is totally devoted to learning to read music . After that , each time a new note , note value or rest is introduced it is done one at a time with an accompanying tune or tunes to help reinforce the learning of the new music reading element . Keyboard Coach goes to great lengths to patiently help people learn and has received only very favorable reviews from everyone who has genuinely used it .
 Reading all the extremely negative reviews about Norton 's Save and Restore software makes me wonder who is really writing this stuff.I am not a fan of Symantec 's software by any means , i think Norton Antivirus is one of the most bloated and useless products in the software market , but i have to differ with most of the negative reviews about Save and Restore.For the price i paid for this software -LRB- about $ 10 used -RRB- here in Amazon , i was able to backup the entire C drives of my workstation and my PVR computers and save them to an offline hardrive in case of an hardisk failure . The amount of time alone i spent installing the OS and applications on both computers makes the $ 10 worth many times over.Also , you can create backups of files and folders in a constant schedule , so if you have two computers connected together on a network you can have them back each other . In case of an emergency , you just boot from the Save and restore CD and either connect through the network or connect the hardrive where your backups are to the computer you are trying to restore , and a few minutes later your computer will be up and running.The only annoying thing i found , is that Save And Restore installs an application that sits on your taskbar tray and tells you are `` unprotected '' if you do n't have Norton 's Antivirus installed . You can get rid of this by running msconfig on Windows XP , and disabling `` ccApp '' from the computer 's startup tab on msconfig.2007-03-15 UPDATE
 The answer is that it 's not a bad product . It 's a good product that does what it 's supposed to do . After reading the other reviews here I was very hesistant to buy S&R , but it was exactly what I was looking for and I have been very happy with all of Norton 's other products . My thinking was `` Norton has probably sold millions of these , and chances are all the folks who are happy with the product are n't going to take the time to come here and write a review . Only the people who have had problems , which may have had something to do with their computer and little to do with S&R . '' So I took a chance , bought the product , and it installed and works flawlessly .
 The UK Consumer Association , WHICH ? , has just given this product their best buy rank.To access the WHICH ? report on line you have to be a member .
 After having used this product for several months , I offer these comments ; a. Easy to install , backup and restore files.b . It tells you via the Status screen when the last successful backup was and advises you via a popup if the current backup job ca n't run and why -LRB- example
 I have been using this product for about six months on three high performance desktops . The good news is that if you have a standard desktop from a major manufacturer or you backup to another disk on your computer , this product will backup and recover with minimum effort . However , if you backup over a network and do n't have a widely supported network adapter , things can get tough . RAID support is also iffy.I have tested the restore on all three systems and the results were great on two systems , with fast , full recoveries on empty disks . The third could n't find the network adapter on restore , even though it backed up over it without a problem . I 'm hoping a newer version will fix that.Still compared to the old Norton Ghost , this is a much better product at a better price . It appears that Symantec has integrated the LiveState technology into Ghost as well as this product , so the only real difference is feature sets . I use LiveState on my servers and think it is an excellent product . I bought Save and Restore because LiveState licenses for desktops and laptops were only available in 10 packs , but Save and Restore appears to be the same product licensed individually . After years of frustration using Ghost , I think Symantec finally has bought the technology that they have been promising in Ghost for so long .
 I had recently purchased a new PC with a 250 GB hard drive and needed a proper backup system . I purchased the Norton S&R along with a WD 250 GB external hard drive . They both meld perfectly with no installation problems or other adverse issues . It is exactly as advertised SAVE AND RESTORE -LRB- did n't even need a special backup program -RRB-
 I think they could use a little help explaining how to use their product . At first , I had too many backups created . The trick is to make sure your usb backup drive connected and powered on BEFORE you install this program . Then it comes up and makes a recommendation that is pretty much what you would want . Just adjust the times it runs and save it.Then if you want to add to it to add other directories on the nightly backup , go in later and add them.Also , if you have a SATA hard drive be sure to check the drivers . I sent a report to Symantec with my drivers and they sent me back a bootable iso image that works like a charm -LRB- and they responded in a couple days which surprised me -RRB- . Before you trust it completely , make sure you can recover the system . Put a different hard drive in your existing pc and recover . If you dont do this , you are risking something not working . Overall , I was so happy with it I bought 4 copies and put it on my Dad 's , my mother in laws , and my wifes computers . It takes WAY to long to come back from a hard drive crash . This was well worth the money .
 I am a computer & digital camera junkie ! I love taking photos and sharing them with my family and friends via email . I also print alot of them on paper . I have had several small programs that offer some slide show options , but they can only be viewed on a computer.When I saw this software I was hoping that it was what I was looking for , and sure enough it was.Photo Explosion Deluxe is very user friendly . It has good photo editing features , but my favorite feature is the ability to burn a cd that can be played on your DVD ! I purchased it on Christmas Eve , and on Christmas night my family was sitting in front of the tv watching a slide show of our Christmas Holiday , complete with a music background!Each of my grown children left that evening with an extra Christmas present and memory ! They each went home with a copy of the DVD!I highly recommend this for anyone who loves the digital photo world as much as I do !
 Bought Photo Explosion Deluxe this week , and I ca n't tell you how pleased I am . I own them all - PhotoSuite , Photoshop Album , PictureIt and several others - and Photo Explosion takes the cake by a mile.It 's extremely easy to use , for starters . The developers have really thought things out because it 's much easier to navigate than the other programs I own - and you do n't get this annoying bar along the left side that asks you a battery of unending questions like PhotoSuite and PictureIt . -LRB- Those products remind me of a DOS program where you 're constantly prompted press 1 for this , 2 for that . -RRB- And I was really surprised by the VCD burning functionality . I bought Photo Explosion chiefly to clean up photos and print them - which it does really well and with tons of beautiful options for projects and designs . But the video slide show feature is really cool . You can add music , as well , and the quality of CD it produces is much better than I 've seen with other standalone programs . Other reviewers have complained that there are n't enough transitions , but I did some research on that point , and it turns out that those features require a different kind of file called MPEG 2 , which explains why many of the VCDs I 've made with some of the fancier programs -LRB- not Photo Explosion -RRB- have not worked on some DVD players.Anyhow , Photo Explosion Deluxe is a great buy ... and much better than the other options out there . Enjoy ...
 I just bought this thru Best Buy - could have got a better deal thru Amazon - oh well . This product is amazing and very user friendly . I really love the fact that it comes with its very own manual not a help guide you can print out yourself wasting all your paper . It does everything - the props are very realistic , the shapes & edges so cool . I have filled in very dark pictures using the watercolor feauture and made poor pictures look like works of art . Not to mention that I can create my own photomontages , collages , & very unique artistic scrapbook pages . It took me an hour to scrapbook an amazing page including fixing up photos . I will never spend money on scrapbook pages again ! So much fun !!!
 Photo Explosion Deluxe exceeded my expectations . It is a nice complimentary program for PSP and other similar programs . It has loads of features including masks , frames , albums and far too many others to mention here.The only drawback I found is the slideshow feature which causes an windows error when launched . People I sent this to also experienced this same error.But other than this flaw I absolutely think that Explosion for the money is an excellent buy . It takes a little playing with but once you figure it out you can achieve just about anything you want with your graphics.If Nova fixes the slideshow problem I would most definitely give this program a five star rating .
 I recently wrote a review for this item due to a launching issue . Very angry , I made numerous calls and emails to Nova . At last I was able to converse with a rep who was more than helpful and made right with all my issues . I am pleased with my outcome with Nova and the response , making sure I was a satisfied customer . I only rate this 4 stars as I am just now using the program and am very excited with what I 've been able to accomplish in the past 3 days . Thank you Nova for your help .
 Time and time again this program has allowed me to create wonderful VCDs for all my life 's important events . Now at every important large family event a slide show is expected . A slide show was played at my grandparents wedding anniversary , the family reunion , and Christmas 2005 & 2006 . Everybody enjoys watching them and I truly enjoy creating them.The first time I tried to create a VCD I was confused on exactly what I needed to do . I wondered to myself `` what are PAL and NTSC settings , and what in the heck a SVCD is ? '' I was not at all experienced with video technology . I phoned technical support with these questions and many more . The representative was more then helpful ; he basically held my hand through the first VCD creation . Then he patiently and professionally let me `` pick his brain '' . I am now an expert in video creation . I even bought a DVD player that supports PAL and NTSC so that I can swap videos with my uncle in England.This program was diffidently worth its weight in gold ! At this moment I am expecting the new version 2 to arrive and provide hours of entertainment for myself and my family .
 Photo Explosion is a very easy to use , yet powerful , photo editing program . I use this program more than any of my higher cost photo editing software . It 's easy to change the intensity , tone and color saturation of your digital pictures as well as apply a wide variety of fades to the edges of your pictures.I 've had several people comment that pictures that were edited with this program look better than photos that they had taken at professional studios .
 I disagree with other reviews . Up until recently , I was using a computer with , believe it or not , Windows 95 . With only 32MB ram . I had a need to be able to do image editing , and this program has much , much less of an intimidation factor . Once a person learns the `` SmartSelect '' function , they can cut out very clean , very neat images , transform them into `` objects '' , and merge elements from other photos . Once a person gets the `` hang '' of using the various effects and selection tools , no one will even know you 're not using Photoshop Elements . The best thing , the absolute best quality to this program is adding text , it makes it one of the easiest things to do , move it around , add shadows , color gradients , textures , etc , etc. . It is n't for very , very serious artists , but for the average person or even a person who merely likes to play with their photos and share them , this is a absolute blast . Every picture I do is great fun , and never looks sloppy .
 When I got this program I did n't have a clue how to use it but I just kept clicking this and that and was totally overwhelmed with the clone feature actually I thought it was truly magic . I siense have bought a few other programs but none compares with photo explosion . My only complaint is that I need more props and more scrapbook pages .
 I purchased Photo Explosion 1.0 and am very happy with the product . Contents are in order and function properly . I am extremely happy with the seller and the delivery time , from placing the order to receiving it was just one week . I would definitely order from haiyan04 again .
 As a payroll professional , I have used payroll software products that range from basic to high-tech . I bought this product to replace a basic one I had been using at home to process payrolls for several small businesses . Within an hour of opening the box , I was creating paychecks . It is remarkably easy to use , comprehensive , and contains features that many of the more expensive programs do not offer . AND you do n't have to pay extra to get the current tax tables installed before you can use the product -LRB- like you do if you make the mistake of buying Quickbooks -RRB- . Another great feature is that if you choose not to buy the annual updates after the first year , you can manually change the federal and state tax tables yourself .
 -LRB- I 'm posting this review wherever I can , hoping to get this message across to as many people as possible . And NO , I do NOT work for CheckMark . I 'm just an extremely grateful customer ! -RRB- I rarely ever write reviews , but felt compelled to do so after seeing that I am apparently one of many who have been beaten to a pulp -LRB- emotionally AND financially -RRB- by Intuit 's QuickBooks -LRB- for Mac -RRB- use of Aatrix Payroll software.A few weeks ago I resorted to searching the web for answers to my MANY Aatrix issues as my recent support calls to Aatrix regarding THEIR BUGGY SOFTWARE GLITCHES had me on hold for 3 hours -LRB- but only a mere 45 minutes the next day -RRB- . And no , it was NOT an 800 number . The tech staff was very nice and helpful , but 3 HOURS ON HOLD ????? I 'm NOT exaggerating . Thank god for speaker phones , but it still ruined my day . What I did find on the web was LEGIONS of people having the same woes as me.I do give Aatrix credit for stepping in when Intuit failed to support the Mac community by not including this basic payroll function in their for Mac products . However , after using Aatrix for the past 5 years , I finally reached my limit and searched for a Mac-based payroll alternative . Believing that I was somehow stuck with Aatrix , I was thrilled to find another company that not only makes one , but makes a far cheaper , easier , and IMHO superior program : CheckMark Payroll.And the best part is , YOU CAN IMPORT TO QUICKBOOKS . So far all my pay data has landed safely and perfectly in QB6 . I could go point-for-point and compare , but please take my word . It is SOOOOOOO much simpler to use . No more jumping through hoops , no bugs , no missing numbers , no crashes , works like a charm , AND CHEAPER . Over the past 5 years , I 've paid probably $ 1000 . in version and tax table updates to Aatrix . Now you ca n't even generate forms such as 941 , W-2 , etc. . You have to PAY FOR A FORMS SUBSCRIPTION ! CheckMark 's pricing structure makes Aatrix look like F *** ING pirates ! If it worked like magic , yeah OK , but it 's so frustrating to use it will make you want to hang yourself.Thank you CheckMark . Thank you , thank you , and thank you !
 This payroll runs year after year and that saves me money . It prints the checks and tax forms , but not the state tax forms . After setup , running the checks takes a few minutes . And I can run a payroll anytime I want . Love the printed manual .
 I bought this software from Amazon ; last March -LRB- 05 -RRB- . I spent weeks looking , calling and trying different payroll and accounting software . CheckMark is awesome ; I run a small business with four employees . You ca n't get setup and running any faster or easier . If you like effortless software with great support get CheckMark - Like one of my bosses said to me one time `` keep it simple stupid '' CheckMark is simple but powerful and easy ! You ca n't go wrong ; it might have taken me a year to write this ; but that benefits you ! Get it !
 I found this program easy to set-up and use . I was using it in less than an hour .
 THIS SOFTWARE IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE COMPARED TO OTHERS . IT IS EASY TO SET UP AND EASY TO USE . DIRECT DEPOSIT FEATURE TAKES A LITTLE TIME TO SET UP WITH YOUR OWN BANK . I LIKE ALL THE FEATURES FOR PRE TAX DEDUCTIONS .
 I was in search of a payroll software . After reading the reviews posted on Amazon , I decided to try the software for myself . I went Checkmark 's website and downloaded the demo version . I was intimidated at first , but after an hour of playing with the software , I became very comfortable with it . I decided to purchase the software , and it has been a great investment . Instead of paying a outsource payroll company , I have saved thousands of dollars by doing it myself .
 For my 4 person practice its more than adequate . Support is a little shabby but the human you eventually speak to could not be nicer . Fax in the registration right away to get the 60-day free support .
 I am not the most computer literate individual , but was able to get Checkmark Payroll up and running quickly -LRB- after reading the manual -RRB- . It does all that I need it to do .
 This Program is great for any child who has a love for music ! The simple icons , and easy intructions make it easy for anyone to create their own music ! You can add instuments , Sound effects , your own voice , or something pre-recorded . They have many choices of instuments , and patterns so you will never get bored ! I got the program from my brother , and when I saw the ages 6-10 on the box , I was like oh yeah , this will be a lot of fun ... but I was wrong ! I am 15 and I LOVE this program ! Sonic Foundry does it again ! I love those guys !
 this is the best music making program ever , ive made some tunes and written lyrics , and ive made a demo tape for a record company , they are actually interested in me ! and i dont need a bass player , guitarist , or drummer
 My 7 year old daughter and I both enjoy making music w / this program . Looper is very easy to learn ; it took us about 10 minutes to become trackmasters . My kid especially likes creating tracks using her own voice and household sounds and adding them to the songs.I suspose it could be considered educational , but you are not actually learning music per se . You are learning production techniques . Buy it becasue is fun !
 My 4 yr old daughter and 8 year old son LOVE this program . It is easy to use yet has enough sophistication to interest older kids . I just love that my kids are creating music and can experiment with what makes an interesting song . Super Duper Music Looper makes it easy to create fun catchy music . You can also record your own voice and mix that in as well . In an age where kids want to spend too much time playing mindless computer games , I am always delighted to see them use this software -LRB- and sometimes , even their mom even gets to play with it ! -RRB- .
 This is an amazing new kids music creation programs ! Not only can you create incredibly fresh music with the provided sounds that come with the program , but it also lets you incorporate your own instruments or vocals . Super Duper even allows you to e-mail a special version of the song to anyone ! You 've got to have to it ! ...
 This is a great product . Tho it can have more loops it has mant loops to choose from . We even use the product at my middle school . Its fun to use . My friends all gathered around and we made realy cool music from this 4 year old age group product . Super Duper is a great family product but is even better for TEENS ! Yeah not 10 year old but teens . You can make realy heavy music . But not to discourage the parent from buying this wonderful product . This product is # 1 on my list
 This is the best musical software ever !!!! there is an actual bank of rhythms to chose from !!! it rocks !!!!!!!!
 My daughter loves it , -LRB- she 's six -RRB- . It is a lot of fun to play with , and my daughter makes her own songs without any help from me . Then she dances around her room singing songs she makes up on the spur of the moment . A joyous thing to see.I was going to use the lottery as my retirement fund . Maybe I should just become a show business Dad.Excellent software that will help your kids understand song construction .
 A great resource for those doing orienteering or other outdoor activities . Not only does it include topographical information but it adds many roads that are not in the Garmin base map .
 Was a plug and play with my Garmin 60csx ! Kind of on the pricey side , but they are good maps .
 A little outdated and not sure if your able to get an upgrade or not ? Still comes in handy though .
 Item shipped in a timely manner and the added features for the Garmin were perfect ...
 I used the Garmin MicroSD Data Card in my Garmin GPSMAP 60Cx on a two week hunting trip in Montana in November ,2008 . Performance was excellent after I called Garmin tech support to find out how to view the topo data -LRB- that would be drill down in scale until the GPS will display topo data -RRB- . The chips are pricey . I would have used a data CD but Garmin is not Macintosh friendly , so I needed to buy the chips for my hunt.The chips are not marked as to data content , so I used a small ziploc bag to hold the data chip and a note on the contents . Otherwise your option is to install the chip in the GPS and then view the title .
 I purchased this to up-grade the base maps on my Garmin . Easy , easy upgrade , just insert the card wait 30 seconds during initial installation and have all of the Northeast in the GPS . Having detailed topo , road , RR , powerlines and even hydrologic details is worth it when out hiking in the boondocks . I esp . like the information on springs and streams , it has precise locations of 4 springs within 1 mile of my house . It really makes geocaching with my son easier and more informative . With accurate topo and stream information it is much easier to figure out a way to hike into to an unknown ` cache . I am planning a trip out west and plan to purchase the appropriate card for that area to make outdoor activities more fun .
 If you are visiting Yellowstone National Park , or hiking Wyoming , Montana or Idaho you have to have this TOPO data card ! Very easy to install . Covers all trails , and major roads inside and out of Yellowstone . A surprise bonus for the Yellowstone Park visitor is
 I purchased this to product so that I could find my way on a 600 acre piece of property for hunting . I found it to be very helpful and was even able to mark good areas I found while scouting and find them again in the predawn darkness . The auto-tracking feature was really cool and I now have a map of all the major trails on the property . I 'm not a tech guy , and wish I had someone to help me figure out how to use all the features . But just by playing with it I was able to figure out most of the main features . I hope to do some geocacheing in the future , if I can figure it out .
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter and she loves it ! The software is educational , offers games and problem solving is wonderful . She does not get frustrated using it and it keeps her entertained . She can manuver through it by herself which is great because she is very independent . We know she is learning while she using this .
 yo this game is off the shiznit cause i played and nice stero in the car of the ride i have and i 'm half way there . to be finished cause i stayed up so later ever since it came out and i got it .
 I loved this game , but I can play it anymore since it does n't run on macs.I know I 'm 15 , but I LOVE this game . It 's so much fun .
 I brought this game for my then 5 y/o son a couple of years ago . He had a blast with this game . My older boy-then 9 also played it . It is alot of fun for I 'd say 4 to 6/7 year olds . Graphic are simple and cartoonish , but that is so appropriate for this age group . Simple to load and navigate . The fun begins immediately .
 Multiplicity promises to let you use your mouse and keyboard over multiple machines without a switch box , and it works as advertised . The mouse and keyboard connected to your primary machine can control other computers as well . The professional version allows more computers to be controlled than the regular version , which if I remember correctly only allows two.As an added bonus , you can turn on a shared clipboard feature -LRB- found in a set up menu on the primary machine , and also a feature of the pro version of the software -RRB- , which will let you cut and paste between two or more computers on the fly.I use a new Windows 7 machine , but I also do a lot of work on an older machine running XP that runs software which might be a pain to use under Windows 7 . Unlike KVM switches , you do not share the monitor . You must have a separate monitor hooked up to each computer , and you drag the mouse back and forth . The keyboard functions with whichever computer the mouse cursor currently resides on.Secondary machines can have a mouse and keyboard plugged in at the same time , and indeed if the primary machine is not on , or connected to your network , this is a valuable back up , as otherwise your secondary machine -LRB- s -RRB- would be useless without the primary being on.When I first installed the product it seemed as if there was a little trouble in Multiplicity finding all the computers on the network that had the software installed and correctly sorting out the secondary computers to use . A few extra boots of first the primary and then the secondary machines seemed to correct this , however , and after the first short span of time after set up this behaviour disappeared for good . Also occasionally , the mouse cursor seems to `` drift '' up the screen on the secondary computers from time to time . It does n't always happen and has not been a frequent enough occurrence to inconvenience me.I recommend this software for its stated purpose , and much prefer it to hardware KVM switches .
 This software is a must have ... PERIOD . It will save you hours of time searching the `` net '' for software updates . Versiontracker ensures all applications are current and up to date ... effortlessly . I have used this software for 2 + years . It is a little pricey , but well worth the cost .
 Multiplicity promises to let you use your mouse and keyboard over multiple machines without a switch box , and it works as advertised . The mouse and keyboard connected to your primary machine can control other computers as well . The professional version allows more computers to be controlled than the regular version , which if I remember correctly only allows two.As an added bonus , you can turn on a shared clipboard feature -LRB- found in a set up menu on the primary machine , and also a feature of the pro version of the software -RRB- , which will let you cut and paste between two or more computers on the fly.I use a new Windows 7 machine , but I also do a lot of work on an older machine running XP that runs software which might be a pain to use under Windows 7 . Unlike KVM switches , you do not share the monitor . You must have a separate monitor hooked up to each computer , and you drag the mouse back and forth . The keyboard functions with whichever computer the mouse cursor currently resides on.Secondary machines can have a mouse and keyboard plugged in at the same time , and indeed if the primary machine is not on , or connected to your network , this is a valuable back up , as otherwise your secondary machine -LRB- s -RRB- would be useless without the primary being on.When I first installed the product it seemed as if there was a little trouble in Multiplicity finding all the computers on the network that had the software installed and correctly sorting out the secondary computers to use . A few extra boots of first the primary and then the secondary machines seemed to correct this , however , and after the first short span of time after set up this behaviour disappeared for good . Also occasionally , the mouse cursor seems to `` drift '' up the screen on the secondary computers from time to time . It does n't always happen and has not been a frequent enough occurrence to inconvenience me.I recommend this software for its stated purpose , and much prefer it to hardware KVM switches .
 I have been using Multiplicity to connect 2 PC 's together with one keyboard and mousefor over 1 year . It works extremely well . Occasionally you have to restart the computers to regain the clipboard copy function but otherwise it is totally reliable . I have just hooked in a third PC and they all work together seamlessly . Excellent product .
 Tired of the loops that came with your basic Acid product ? There are hundreds of new loops to explore on this CD that will kick up the power of any Acid program . The loops on this CD are great for a housed-up track , my personal favorite . While the number of new loops is astounding , I think the price is way too high . I think Sonic Foundry would sell a lot more at a more attractive price . That is why I deducted the star . Other than that , this adds hours of fun and creative power to your Acid program of choice .
 This collection of loops blew me away . The loops are innovative , diverse , and just plain great . Combine this set of loops with the New York Dance collection and you can create some wild tracks . This one is worth the price . It does n't take an expert to create awesome d' n ' b with this collection . You can get samples loops from this disc at Sonic Foundry 's website if you wan na check out some of them before you drop 40 bucks on this . Great Product .
 This is a very good interactive disc . I bought this when I first got interested in filmmaking and I learned alot . This disc layed a great foundation for me in leaning the filmmaking process . There is no one book -LRB- or disc in this case -RRB- , that can give you everything that you need to create a film , but if your new to the art of film this is a great place to start .
 The range of clip art styles on offer here is substantial and varied . There 's everything from simple line art to high resolution full colored illustration art . There 's quality stuff here for both web and print publication . If I have a problem , it 's that the format for this collection is CD-ROM . Now that DVD drives are ubiquitous , it makes much more sense to put large collections like this one on a single DVD -- rather than the multiple CD-ROMs this package requires . This , however , is a small quibble for a worthy package that sells for an entirely reasonable price .
 The quality of the images in this clipart collection is great . I always find just what I 'm looking for -LRB- including Victorian-style graphics -RRB- . The only problem is that it comes in 15 separate CD 's and all the taking out and putting in of CD 's can be a hassle .
 I use this clip art for several business applications and find that it generally has what I am looking for . It 's well organized and easy to use , especially if you do the gallery installation , though the constant switching of CDs can be somewhat irritating and time consuming . All in all , a very good value .
 i think the option of having so many graphics at my findger tips outwieghs any issue with the number of CDs . 25-30 ? that would be too many . 7-8 ? Not quite . Let 's embrace technology , but not be lazy about it . 10 years ago you would have been cramming a book onto a photo copier or scanner attempting but never succeeding to get the quality here . Good find !
 I am a third grade Sunday School teacher who is always searching for something new and exciting . This program was well worth the money . I received my CD last week and already have made more than ten projects . The graphics are refreshingly new with dozens of ideas in which to use them . The only problems I have encountered so far is that some of the projects are difficult to design , and if you are looking for projects for the older age group you may be disappointed . I am currently working on putting together a few fundraising projects for my church . You are only limited by your own imagination with this program .
 Our whole family found this software very entertaining . It was purchased for my daughter who is only three years old . We have been teaching her the organs/bones and function of the parts of the body and this CD is a wonderfully fun and amusing way to learn about the body . It can be enjoyed by all ages , if the child is too young to manipulate the software alone simply work with your child and it is an activity you can share . Mr. Skinless leads us through a wonderfuly animated journey of assembling the body , while at the same time answering questions in the form of a quiz show narrated by Mr. Skinless , he is most amusing . If extra help is needed there is great notes and graphics to teach about the body . We have approximately 20 + CD 's for children and I would rate the graphics in on this CD by far the best . There is a fabulous activity for children to spend the day giving Mr.Skinless activities to do while at the same time monitoring his hunger , thirst and energy level . The objective is to supply him with the appropriate level of food , beverage and rest to sustain him for the day . The graphics while he performs the various activities , are most entertaining . Lastly there is a beat the bomb feature where you get a timed activity to build the human body , all the organs and the bones before the bomb goes off . As I said a little knowledge provided to the child and this can be enjoyed by all children
 What a great program !! I read the reviews of some other customers and did not want to buy the software . I got it at a special price , however , and decided to go for it . I was holding my breath - expecting the worst . But what a joy !! From the moment `` go '' everything just worked perfectly . The installation was a easy as 1-2-3 . I did not have to configure my scanner or change any settings . I opened the program the first time and scanned a document from a magazine . Then I sent the document through the OCR to Word 2000 , with great results.Make sure your computer and scanner are `` up-to-date '' and I am sure there will be no problems . If you do n't have the sofware yet , rush to the shop before they sell it all . Feel free to e-mail me for more information
 I 've owned Pagis Pro Millenium for the past three years and found its ability to perform key word searches on saved Word documents invaluable . I maintained a folder with over 3,000 resumes in it and using this program , I was able to do key word searches to locate potential candidates for our clients . It would then rank the resumes by the number of hits . Thanks to Pagis Pro , we did not have to trouble our candidates with forms that attempted to key word their attributes . I was using both Windows 98 and Windows 2000 with HP Scanners and never had the problems that the other reviews profess .
 I have used this product for 3 years now . It worked well on Win NT and on Win 98SE . I upgraded to Win XP and it still works fine . It is functionally rich and I could n't live without the form filling component . Do n't expect much support from ScanSoft . They appear to have dropped this product from their roadmap and are now concentrating on others .
 I have been using Pagis Pro for over 5 years and find it to be user friendly for it 's sophistication . At work I use the form filler portion for all forms that we do here at work . My hand writing is atrocious and typing in the blanks makes my forms neat and presentable . I scan all recipts and documents therefore saving file space in a small office.I run Windows XP Professional additional with no problems what so ever with Pagis . I doubt there is a better progrsm out there to do what Pagis does so easilyl
 Seriously , you have no idea how many inside jokes me and friends have that originated from some stupid cartoon that one of us made using this game and it 's spiderman cartoon maker counterpart . The movie making utilities in this may seem primitive , especially from todays standards but that 's part of the charm . Things seem so much funnier when the limitations cause certain things to be corny . It 's like watching Ed Wood films , so bad it 's good .
 What a great game ! Just like all the others ! Make your own REAL LIVE cartoons ! It 's so cool ! I Love this game !
 This is a great product if you like organizers , and may be the easiest-to-use personal organizer available . It has a ton of features and a variety of options for the various utilities . It can help organize , print , and synchronize your calendar , to-do lists , contacts , and other personal or business information . With the synchronize function we can keep my work PC updated with our personal home information . This version also corrected the problems and improved its ability to sync with Palm Pilots . With all the fun features available , my favorite is still the simple ability to enter any selected calendar event -LRB- i.e. birthdays and anniversaries -RRB- once and have those entries automatically updated each year , by day or date . You can forget manually transferring birthdays on a paper calendar , unless you really like that sort of thing . Overall this is a pretty cool product .
 This program works for us . We are very satisfied . Now my secretary and I are up to date all the time and connecting with my palm is a breeze . If you purchase the 7.0 version , you will need to log on to Individual Software 's site and download a patch . One drawback we found is that all information in the custom areas on the palm vanished during the first sync . All of this information was still on the palm program on the computer , and had to be manually reentered into other non-custom areas . A small price to pay to be able to network information with my secretary . However , we strongly recommend that you have a backup for all of your palm information before installing Any Time and running your first sync .
 I got this for my son 's 5th birthday because he loves computer games and he loves Blue 's Clues . It 's in very good condition and works perfectly . My son really loves playing it . I would highly recommend this to any parent of a preschooler . The seller was very honest about the product and the shipping was very fast and the price could n't be beat !
 I purchased this Kindergarten software for my soon to be 6 year old . I was hoping it would not be `` too elementary '' for her . She just started Kindergarten this month -LRB- September -RRB- and will turn 6 at the end of this month . And , I 'm happy to say that it is not . Although Blues Clues is probably geared toward the younger kids , it 's not that way with this software . She truly enjoys the assignments ... and I still like hearing Blues voice !
 We have owned this game for several years for our , now , 5 year old son . It has , as have many other Blue 's Clues games we have purchased for him , proven an invaluable aid to introduce him to , or reinforce in him , knowledge we are teaching him . We just purchased 5 more of these games as a gift for his Kindergarten class after they expressed interest in it for the other children . Excellent product , excellent line of products !
 Fun , and lively . Soft spoken when child makes error . Teaches planets , telling time , math , etc. . Very cool . Very satisfied !! Thank You !
 This is a fun game for my daughter and she would play with this all day if I allowed her too but because of her age she 's only allowed small increments at a time . Fun for kids .
 My daughters -LRB- ages five and two -RRB- love Peter Pan and Tinker Bell , and I was happy to find a computer game that was based off Peter Pan , not just Tinker Bell.They enjoy the games on this disc -LRB- the two-year-old needs help at times , but the five-year-old does it all solo just fine -RRB- , and we had no issues loading the CD on our PC . We did n't try it on the Mac , and I 'm glad the other reviewer pointed out that it 's for Windows only , because we knew what to expect.If your child does n't like Peter Pan , then go with a Tinker Bell movie-based game instead . This one is not based off the Tinker Bell movies.But , if your kids are Peter Pan fan -LRB- boys or girls -RRB- then wo n't be disappointed . It may have Tinker Bell larger than life on the cover , but it 's based on the Peter Pan story.Four stars instead of five , because it 's not a game they want to play constantly , but it is a lot of fun nonetheless . Definitely worth the money .
 The recent heart-breaking Terri Schiavo case in Florida highlights the importance for everyone to have a living will as well as a regular will . You can go to a lawyer , buy a standard form from a legal stationery store , or use Willmaker Plus 2005 . This latest estate planning and family law software from Nolo Press is distributed by Quicken . Nolo is a company that has been publishing self-help legal books for many years , and their website provides a wealth of information . -LRB- Since I 'm not a lawyer , I ca n't comment if their information is always accurate , but it 's at least accessible to laypeople like me . -RRB- Willmaker 2005 is for more than just writing your own will . It has many other legal documents which you can fill in , print out , and sign -LRB- in front of a notary public in some cases -RRB- to make them legally binding . The estate planning section is pretty comprehensive and works in every state except Louisiana . -LRB- I wonder why . -RRB- Setting up your legal will and living trust is pretty much a hassle-free , expense-free and lawyer-free process . The other types of documents you can create with this program include responses to those dreaded debt collection notices and filing consumer complaints . This is really a `` family lawyer '' package . -LRB- Quicken used to publish their own family lawyer program but has since replaced it with Nolo 's more superior Willmaker . -RRB- The software takes an interview approach . You pick a document you want to work on . It asks you a few questions and then drafts the document for you . You review the document and then print it out and follow the simple steps to make it legally binding . The `` simple steps '' often just involve you and two witnesses -LRB- including a notary public in some cases -RRB- signing the document ; for simple letters such as a reply to a debt collection letter , you do n't need witnesses.While it would have been a lot nicer if the program could automate things a bit more , e.g. , asking who you are and then choosing the documents for you , I guess writing a will or any legal document should not be a totally brainless thing ; you have to understand what it 's all about and what 's involved , since we are talking legally binding documents here . -LRB- Of course , you must be mentally valid in order to create a will . -RRB- The program comes with a printed user manual . While the manual is a little confusing and makes using the program look more complex than it actually is , it 's nice to have printed documentation which you can refer to readily.I like the software and , being a paranoid that I am , like doing my will and doing it for free . I can also do the wills for my family.My only concern about using the software stems from this passage from the second page of the manual : `` Product support -LRB- including Web update -RRB- for Quicken WillMaker Plus 2005 ends on January 1 , 2006 . ... Please note that legal documents created and signed before January 1 , 2006 will remain legally valid and enforceable if you have used Web Update regularly . You will need to upgrade your software only if you want to create new documents or update existing documents . `` Does this mean I 'll need to buy a new version each and every year from now on ? -LRB- I fancy my financial and family situation will change over time and thus require additions and/or amendments . -RRB- While upgrading the software still beats a trip to the attorney , it would nonetheless be quite an annoyance . -LRB- In all fairness , both Quicken and Microsoft are moving to a subscription-like model for their financial software , so I guess that 's the inevitable trend . -RRB- Happy estate planning !
 As another reviewer noted , the Schiavo case brought to light the need to get our affairs in order in a timely matter . This software does the trick . It 's straightfoward and easy to use . There 's a basic Q&A ; that gives the user an idea of what forms need to be used , and further Q&A ; to fill those forms out . It took me very little time -LRB- 15 - 20 minutes in my case , others will vary -RRB- and gave me great peace of mind . You will have to get some forms notorized just in case there could be a dispute , but even a notary plus the cost of this software is a lot cheaper than any lawyer!It does n't work in Louisiana because that state organized its laws under the Napoleonic codes , rather than the English commonlaw . I have n't seen similar software developed for that fine state , which is a shame as there is such a need for inexpensive legal help.I notice that the 2006 version of this product is out ; as law changes all of the time it would be worth the extra $ to get the new version . If your budget does n't extend that far , then this will work pretty well . Whatever you do , do it now . It will save your friends , your family , and you yourself much trouble and grief . This is peace of mind at bargain basement pricing !
 I used an old PC with Windows 98 . This program was easy and quick . If you have a simple will or trust that is basic then this should save you much time and expense . It asks questions and I was able to make a living trust in about 15 minutes of which 99 % of the legal speak is preformatted and has been carefully reviewed . The program gives all of the information on what to do after a will or trust has been made to finalize it . I am very pleased with it and glad I did not pay a lawyer $ 1000 to type the information into his computer program that does the same thing .
 We have used all the different documents numerous times . A must have if you have children because of the medical authorization form and child care agreements . I highly recommend this software .
 This software made it easy to create a basic will and includes additional fillable forms related to estates . Good product to keep an electronic will and to update periodically .
 A very intuitive suite for creating binding , legal documents . The cost of the software is a fraction of the legal fees for any of the multiple documents that it can create - wills , power of attorney , medical directives , etc. . A lot of peace of mind for me and my family at a low cost .
 This Software is a great tool for learning some awesome blues songs step by step . It is definitely not for beginners though , so if you are wanting to learn basic blues rythms and and scales then this is not the product for you . However , if you are an intermediate level player , like me , and want to learn some really cool blues songs then you ca n't go wrong with this . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because a couple of the songs are clearly expert level songs and It will take a long time before I 'm good enough to play them . Other than that though , it 's great .
 After downloading a trial version from -LSB- ... -RSB- I decided to purchase the full copy . Being a beginner blues guitarist I have used plenty of DVD 's and books to teach me the foundations -LRB- scales , chords , turnarounds , etc. . . -RRB- . This program allows you to learn note for note the specific songs included on the CDrom . I love the virtual fretboard as it goes right along with the highlighted tablature!This product gives some artist backgrounds and some interesting tips that will help you actually understand where the solo 's come from , which I think is a great help for the beginner guitarist.I love the fact that you can slow the music down as well as loop whaterever section -LRB- s -RRB- you chose.Overall , for the novice that 's trying to learn some fantastic songs this is definitely an awesome tool to learn with . Totally worth the money !
 My friend really liked eMedia 's guitar CD-ROM , so I got their Bass Method the second I saw it at Circuit City . The lessons were easy to follow and the videos had demonstrations for both the left and right hands . The coolest feature has to be the ability to remove the bass and jam with the band in great songs like Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door . I 'm almost good enough to jam with my friend .
 Forget beginner 's books ! Save your money and buy this program , the ability to play along with the computer while you watch the notes/chord progression alone is something that no book / audio cd will ever match . The way the lessons are presented is excellent , giving visual types like me direct re-enforcement on what the lesson is all about by giving you follow-along examples , and most importantly encouraging you to improvise and experiment . I 've been learning the bass on and off for a couple of years and while I can already play along with many songs and improvise a bit I have found even the most basic lessons in this program to be very useful . I 'm really looking forward to the sight reading section of the course ! Highly recommended ! If # 2 is ever issued I 'll buy it !
 I 'm in my 40 's and was able to pick up my father 's 30 year old electric bass and learn how to play very quickly . I 've been using the program about 3 months and try to play 1/2 to 1 hour every day . Besides learning the songs included in the program I have been able to play Cream songs Badge and Sunshine of Your Love by teaching myself.As for the details :1 . There is no problem with XP . I have a desktop and a laptop and both run the program without any problems2 . Tuner works great and is very very helpful3 . The program records your playing whenever you want . It is easy to use4 . When playing songs you can turn off the bass line in the song , leave the bass line in , or just play the bass line without the music5 . Moving between lessons is painless and very easyI ca n't say enough about this software . It 's great and I am only on lesson 43 . You wo n't be disappointed with the software . It 's a good investment and you will be very happy with the results
 First the problems
 I 'm in my 40 's and was able to pick up my father 's 30 year old electric bass and learn how to play very quickly . I 've been using the program about 3 months and try to play 1/2 to 1 hour every day . Besides learning the songs included in the program I have been able to play Cream songs Badge and Sunshine of Your Love by teaching myself.As for the details :1 . There is no problem with XP . I have a desktop and a laptop and both run the program without any problems2 . Tuner works great and is very very helpful3 . The program records your playing whenever you want . It is easy to use4 . When playing songs you can turn off the bass line in the song , leave the bass line in , or just play the bass line without the music5 . Moving between lessons is painless and very easyI ca n't say enough about this software . It 's great and I am only on lesson 43 . You wo n't be disappointed with the software . It 's a good investment and you will be very happy with the results
 So far , this is the best program I 've used to help me re-learn the bass . It 's a good concept , better than actual `` human '' instructions.My main complaint is that it has a very small viewing window , and this is most prominent on large computer monitors . You have to set your resolution way down for it to fill the screen.You have to download the latest Quicktime player directly from the Quicktime website in order for it to work on Windows 7 64 bit . The version on the disc does not work properly.Took two days for support to write me back about this issue , but by then I had figured out on my own how to fix it.Worth the money though . I 'm really enjoying it !
 I found this program the most instructive of all learning methods I have struggled with over the years . Two grouchy tutors , countless books and videos left me only frustrated and made me leave the bass dust covered on the stand . I was not exactly dreaming of becoming the next Prestia , Marcus Miller or Victor Wooten . But even the hairy guy playing in the background of that pub was showing magical skills and knowledge of bass lines . This program gives you all the tools to be able to grab your bass and -LRB- re -RRB- start your journey . The video clips are great , the fretboard graphic is excellent , the selection of sample music is very helpful . The program is well built and easy to follow . It is an exceptional primer for anyone interested in picking up the bass .
 A great place to start playing bass guitar . Easy to follow lesson plans . And a good confidence builder for when the time comes to play with other musicians . I would recommend this to anyone just starting out . But there is no subsitute for a live teacher get one to go along with program . My only dissapointment is at the end it tells you to move on to Bass Method 2 but there is no Bass Method 2 oh well .
 I think this is a great product for beginners , but I do feel that he moves a little too fast after awhile . I do recommend it for beginners , although I wish someone would come out with something that would interact with you a little more , `` game-like '' .
 This is a great tool you just do what they ask and if you get lost or over whelmed , you can just start over or back up a couple of lessons . The more you do it the better you get , it 's a no-brainier !
 This product is excellent !! no more books , just get the software and you wont be disappointed !!! the lessons are easy and fun as well !!! I 'm only on lesson 21 and cant wait to recording my bass play !!! GET THIS PRODUCT !!
 The program works fine except one ca n't back it up to a removable drive .
 I have been using Quicken forever . I do n't know how long , since it was on two floppy disks , that long . The names of the last few I remember , are 99 , 2000 , 2003 . I very much like this version . In fact , compared to 2003 , I love it . I have read the other reviews , where folks have trouble with the transaction download function , so maybe I love it because I have never used that function . I do n't mind inputting my own data . I just consider it more secure that way . Nor does my Quicken have any account numbers in it . I 'm just paranoid about internet security , having been victim to a major virus several years back.I also saw something about the register window being so cluttered . I empathize . I hate that too . I have discovered that if you hit the F11 key , and use it as a toggle switch , you get a full screen of register , with nothing else on the screen , Wow !! I love that . When my eyesight was very bad , I sure could have used that feature.This is the Basic version , so there are few bells and whistles , just my style . Some people do n't like that . If you want the frills , do n't buy this one . Otherwise , it is a good value .
 Good product but when are they going to fix the screen that says you have not UPGRADED ! ! ! ! It drives me nutz to have that pop up every time I go to Quicken online . I have written as I 'm sure others have but still it is there with no way to remove it even after `` registering '' my upgrade.Quicken is easy to learn , easy to use , maybe not so easy to import and export data as it is very propriatary but still and all I love it online for portfolio views and data at a glance .
 I bought this product to simplify our monthly account reconciliation and provide general sspending analysis and planning . It does a GREAT job , once the financial institutions are ` linked to ' from within the software , in both of those departments . As with most software , the average consumer only uses 10 % of all features . With this one , though , It 's more like 5 % - ther 's a ton in there ! From small business functions like quoting to check printing to budget analysis and cash flow charts , this is excellent . I wish , though , that there were a way to remove the `` upsell '' features , like online bill pay and others , so these options do n't clutter the interface .
 I upgraded from Quicken 2002 to 2007 Basic . I am satisfied with the format and have used Quicken for about 8 years .
 I purchased this product to go along with the new computer . I had no problems tranferring the 4 + years of information from Quicken 2001 , but that could be due to the fact that the `` Geek Squad '' came and set up the computer and tranferred the files . This computer has Windows Vista Home Premium and Quicken so far runs fine.The only thing I do not like about this was the fact that I could not change the home page , so I just made a new tab and put the information I wanted to see on this . When I open Quicken , this page appears and I just ignore the home page tab.So far , I like this version of Quicken and find that it is not that different from 2001 .
 Vast improvement over Quicken 99 . One feature that is lacking is able enter stock transactions like prices and dividends . It took several days of going to the web site and the help section and chatting with online techs that Basic 2007 is unable to do this . Now I have to upgrade to Deluxe 2007 to use this feature . Just wish I could 've know this earlier . Do n't know why this was n't included in Basic 2007 .
 This is a great product especially for keeping track of personal finances . I have heard that there were many people having trouble connecting through the internet but I personally do n't feel that that 's a very safe practice . However if you are willing to keep up with it manually I truly recommend this product . It makes keeping up with a budget so much easier .
 Under advice of family member I updated my QUICKEN and its the best investments I made . I 'm on top of everything . I love the way it keeps track of credit cards , saving and checking accounts . It 's truelly a must have for stress free money woes .
 very easy to follow - especially if you 've used Quicken in the past . Reports are set up just a little bit different - total at top of category instead of bottom , so you need to get accustomed to that ; overall great product
 I have used Quicken for many years now -LRB- back when it came on floppy disks -RRB- . It is reliable , efficient , and a timesaver for reconciling bank accounts via download over the Internet . However , if you do download transactions over the Internet , be aware that this feature stops working after 3 years . They do n't tell you this , but it is the reason that I have upgraded the last two times . So why do I keep buying it ? Because it works extremely well and has never failed me -LRB- though I thought so when transaction downloading stopped working with no warning or indication why -RRB- . Overall the program is very intuitive , though I think that this latest version has a more cluttered look than the 2004 version that I previously used . The cluttered home screen gives an impression of a complex and difficult to use interface , but once you get past this to the register , you find the familiar user-friendly Quicken that has made it the top dog of finance software.For the most part I just use the basic data entry and reconciliation . However , the report generation is very good and easy to use . In fact , I do n't know how it could be made any simpler.Quicken tech support is dismal at best . Their knowledge base offered no help when transaction downloading stopped working and I got no reply to an email complaining about this . The only way I found out the cause was because of the excellent tech support offered by Washington Mutual Bank.If not for the lack of technical support and the 3-year timeout feature I would have given 5 stars , but aside from that , it really is a fine product.As an adjunct to Quicken , I have gotten Pocket Quicken for my Palm and it works great ! This is not an Intuit product , but it was developed in conjunction with Intuit , so they play together very well . I give Pocket Quicken 5 stars and recommend that anyone using a Palm or Pocket PC get both products .
 Great for managing your basic accounts and finances . Easy to use . Worth the price . Interacts well with online banking services .
 For what I wanted this program is working quite well . Not perfect but good . Just to keep track of my investments .
 This program is very basic . However , within a week of getting everything on the program , our budget has come into line . It is very easy to use .
 We were using 2003 version and decided it was time to upgrade and I think it was worthwhile ; all the reports and features are fresh and clean .
 When my last computer got zapped by lightning the one thing I missed the most was being able to balance my check book . Glad to be back on track . I like the new look .
 I love this especially for it 's basic qualities . I originally started with the version where it could be put on a 1.44 floppy that I got from my dentist , went to version 2001 a few years later . With version 2001 my bank no longer would support downloads for that it , and I knew I would have to upgrade some time . I was comfortable with 2001 so I was glad to find this 2007 was easy to adapt to just a bit sleeker but adding my ability to download from my bank once again . For someone who does n't have the need for all the extras this is perfect.UPDATE
 -LRB- Review written by my wife , the user . -RRB- I 've happily used the Quicken Checkbook program for many years . When we changed operating systems from Windows XP to Windows Vista , I was unable to get the Quicken 2002 version to work in Vista , so I purchased Quicken Basic 2007 and am totally pleased with the program . The only feature I use is the Checkbook program and as far as I 'm concerned , it 's perfect . I 've never used the download from bank option because I prefer to review all posted transactions when the bank statement arrives . I use Edit Preferences feature to tailor the program to my liking and I could n't be happier . The price is reasonable , too .
 For a basic money management software , this product met my expectations . No frills but very easy to use . Convenient calendar of payments and scheduled payments showing my balance after each transaction . I set my account up in 20 minutes . There is n't a manual but for the price and ease of use , I do n't need one .
 Just what I expected , however the description of the product suggests that investment broker downloading and tracking is not included in this basic product ... but it was and that is all that I needed the product to do .
 I recently converted back to using a PC and am reminded of how some software just are better developed for PCs -- and Quicken is one of them . As I live abroad and have bank accounts in multiple countries , Quicken aptly deals with all of that . I needed a simple software that helps me keep track of my basic finances , and Quicken basic has been a wonderful asset .
 Everything I needed in a basic budget . Easy to use and straight forward .
 I needed to upgrade my old Quicken Software in order to download information from my financial institutions so I bought this one . It does all I need to do with my finances and does it with ease . The learning curve was short and the HELP really did help me . It does a great job with categorizing by data . I think the average person does not need anything more complex .
 I purchased Quicken because of frequent frustration -LRB- Problems saving & backing up their competator 's software -RRB- I 've used for many years . The straw that broke the camel 's back was the total loss of historical data associated with that program . Quicken was easy to load , relatively easy to use and , best of all , I have had NO PROBLEMS with saving and backing up data to date!P.S . Delivery was quick !
 So far , I really like this product . Still getting going with it , but love all the helps .
 The program continues to work very well with a few more bells and whistles from the 2005 edition .
 I was a Microsoft Money 2004 user ; I have been disappointed with the non-existent upgrades in MS Money 2007 , and it still has the same bugs . The only real difference is the look.As a new user to Quicken 2007 Deluxe I like the in-depth reports . At first navigating the program is not the easiest , but once you memorize the system you will be OK.The customization is unbelievable ; it requires a user who spends a little time working with the program . You will be well rewarded for your efforts . If you have a well understanding of MS Excel you can take the reports generated in Quicken to the next level . I wo n't be going back to MS Money anytime soon.As a side note to everyone ; as a new user to Quicken please write about what types of bugs I need to be aware of and how to avoid them .
 I like it , but it 's difficult to get all the different companies to download all your information . Not all financial institutions offer Quicken services - living in the stone age - it 's been helpful .
 I received Quicken 2007 Deluxe one week ago , and I am amazed at how muchbetter it is than Microsoft Money 2005 . I checked on line as to which was the top rated personal finance software and Quicken came out on top . I decided to try it even though I had seen a lot of negative reviews here.After the updates it worked great . I would recommend this to anyone wanting to get a handle on their finances .
 Have used every version since an early version of DOS . I have also upgraded every 2 years . Program works perfectly - downloads from all my accounts -LRB- I track 4 different accounts at 2 banks -RRB- , printing to 2 different printers -LRB- one networked -RRB- works fine . Backup -LRB- I use online backup -RRB- is also great . I strongly recommend it .
 I 'm surprised to see some negative reviews for Quicken . I 've used it for years , and I love it . It really gives me a great overview of my finances and even computes my Net Worth automatically . How many people do you know who check their net worth every day ? I 'm trying to retire , and Quicken 's financial planner is very helpful in this regard . It lets me see what my financial picture looks like in my entire retirement future . I 've been using Quicken for years . Those folks should be paying me considering how often I 've recommended Quicken to friends and fellow teachers . I think you 'll like it , folks . You know what 's funny ? I had used Quicken for about 2 years before I realized that it would record my stock market transactions ! I was thrilled with this realization . The program is worth $ 200 just for this feature alone . Give it a shot .
 I just got the software today , and I was so excited to start setting up . I 've been working in Quicken for the past few hours entering all my bill reminders , creating my debt reduction plan and budget , etc. . I used Microsoft Money a few years back , and compared to MM , I think Quicken is much more beneficial so far and a lot easier to use . I especially like the look of the program as well , nice colors and windows . That might not be important to some people , but if I 'm going to be using this program more often than not , I 'm glad I can enjoy it visually.Some features I enjoy already : The calendar is a big help in the way that it shows a projected balance on each day of the month based on monthly transactions . It 's so great ! I feel like I 've found money now that I can see exactly when and where it goes.The debt reduction planner is fantastic ! I get a clear picture of when I can expect to be debt free , and with this program , I realize I can be debt free a few years earlier than I thought.The only reason I gave this program 4 stars is because it could n't connect to my bank to download my statements , so I have to input everything manually , but the `` go '' links that allow you to connect directly to a payee 's website kind of makes up for that.It took all of 20 minutes to get used to toggling between windows and learning what to click for where I needed to be within the program , but it 's worth the time and effort.If you want to get your finances in order , give it a shot . I wish I 'd had this program years ago . I might be debt free right now if I had . I do n't know how I got a long without it .
 I have been an avid Quicken user since 1992 -LRB- DOS -RRB- , but will not upgrade every year because I sometimes feel that the additional changes are insignificant to an upgrade . However , the new interface and online tools for electronic transactions and tracking in 2007 have been a blessing . I think this is one of the best versions ever as everything pertaining to personal finances is easily accessable . Some of the data can be configured to appear on the splash screen so that less work is required for a true financial picture .
 I upgraded from Quicken 2005 and like the many improvements . The system loaded and performs flawlessly on my Sony VAIO VGN-SZ480 working with VISTA Business . I only gave it 4 stars because Intuit removed the Home Inventory feature for 2007 . You now need to buy a separate module which hopefully connects seamlessly with this PFS .
 I was recommended this software by a family member who was seeing how long it was taking me to track my spending and budget in Excel . It has been a lifesaver.It looks and works just like a check register and makes it so easy to connect to your bank accounts , credit cards or loans online and automatically update your transactions.I love it .
 I previously used an earlier versions of Quicken , i.e. Quicken 2000 for many years which satisfied my basic needs for managing personal finances . I upgraded to Quicken Deluxe 2007 based on the many positive reviews I read about the improvements . I agree with all the reviews I read , and am glad I made the upgrade . There are many nice features , some of which I use , some I do not , but I especially like the online capability of 2007 . I can download data from my financial institutions with a single click . Reconciling my bank statements now only takes a couple minutes compared to 30 minutes with the earlier version . I highly recommend Quicken Deluxe 2007 to manage your personal finances .
 Received the item and was very pleased with the merchandise and the the price . Thank you .
 I upgraded from QD2006 . Installation was uneventful . Took my previously validated 2006 data set and converted to 2007 with no problems . I really like the new user interface , the bold colors and shading are attractive . Much better than the selections in 2006 . Functionally , I have n't seen anything new that really caught my eye.Haven ' t had any usage problems so far , but I do n't use online bill pay and I have never needed to print anything in all the years I have used quicken . I mention this as it seems this is where other people have had problems . All in all I am pleased with the upgrade . Quicken continues to provide me with all the financial functionality I need , as it has for more than a decade .
 Perhaps I like this product because I have never used Quicken before , but I think it is rather easy . I did have some trouble getting a couple of my accounts to sync on the first attempt , but after going through it again it worked great.The main feature I was interested in was household budgeting and tracking . I used Microsoft Money before this and this is such a tremendous upgrade in how easy it is to setup the budget and track spending .
 Despite the negative reviews , I took a chance on upgrading from 2006 . I 'm glad I did . In fact , I ca n't remember ever having regretted purchasing a newer Quicken product . There are a few features for 2007 that are notable : The graphics have been completely revised and updated . For some people the charts and colors may not be that big of a deal , but for me I benefit from seeing my finances in picture form . This change alone would have been worth the price.The online update feature has been streamlined and improved . In 2006 the online update of accounts was a little cumbersome , especially if more than one bank was used . With 2007 , multiple banks are processed easily.The check register has more features for making entries . The tabs are easier to read and offer more options for each transaction.Reports and other screens within Quicken when minimized are easier to restore . In previous version of Quicken once a window was minimized , it was difficult to find it . In this version , each minimized window displays as a tab at the bottom of the screen . Switching between windows is a breeze.While other people may believe large , sweeping changes are only worth the price of an upgrade , I prefer having smaller , incremental changes . The changes here from 2006 are worth the price , but not so overwhelming they ca n't be mastered easily.Quicken 2007 continues to be the best in financial software . I recommend this upgrade for all users of previous versions of Quicken .
 Purchased after Quicken 2004 had its online service discontinued . I was pretty worried about the quality of the product given the reviews here . But since Money 2007 was n't getting any better reviews , I thought I 'd give Quicken a shot . In short , I have n't regretted it . The interface is cleaner , and the online updating with my bank is a lot easier . I 've been using it for two weeks now , and have n't found a single bug . I 'm glad I stayed with Quicken .
 I 've used Quicken since around 2004-2005 , and have upgraded with each new release . Quicken 2007 is not without a few bugs and quirks , but has nonetheless served as a worthy upgrade for me , and I certainly have not had the dismal experience that some are reporting.The primary change in 2007 is the interface . It 's just much easier for me to find and run reports in this version . I also love the cash flow feature integrated with the calendar , where you can set up known income & expenses and monitor your cash flow . Just a great tool.I also found it easy to set up accounts and integrate with credit card statements . I have not yet set up investments or mortgage but that 's the next step.There have been a few quirks . A couple of times I 've clicked a button and the program has just closed . Also , I had to reinstall the product at one point because the automated account setup screen kept popping up every time I started the program -LRB- actually the underlying reason why I did a reinstall was b/c I was a bit hasty and set up some things incorrectly ; once I figured out what I 'd done I decided it 's just be easier to start from scratch -RRB- . But the reinstall did seem to solve the problem with the setup screen.About the only thing I can say that I do n't like about the program is that when you are in the register , the control buttons for that entry do not allow you to see the next line item in the registry . A few times I 've been looking for a specific expense and it was hidden just b/c I so happened to be on the entry above it . However this is a relatively minor issue.In short , if you 're happy with Quicken 2006 then you probably do n't need to spend the money on an upgrade at this point . But if you 've found some of the reporting and other features a little cumbersome to figure out , then 2007 solves this problem with a much cleaner interface .
 I use this to do accounting for my small business . Many things are intuitive . Cut and paste works in an unusual manner . Backup is easy and highly reccommended . -LRB- I use flash drive -RRB-
 I have used Quicken since the 1990 's for complex finances using the bank , credit card , and brokerage house download features . The improvements from year to year , usually minimal , are n't worth the money . The main reason to upgrade is to be able to continue to download . Intuit obviously realized this too as this function ceases to work after 2-3 product cycles . I think one has to view it as a subscription to a service and decide if it 's worth $ 15 to $ 25 a year . Suck it up or do n't buy it ! I have never had calculation errors when I 've entered things correctly .
 This version does everything I need and is what I have come to expect from Quicken . I have used Quicken for almost 10 years and have always been satisfied with their products . The only thing negative is the upgrades from year to year are not always worth the money so I only upgrade to a new version when I need to because the version I am using is no longer supported by Quicken -LRB- like my old 2003 version -RRB- .
 excellent easy to use . only modest improvements over last year . only issue I have is their support which is very expensive for issues that they sbould resolve at no charge .
 Over the years I have criticized Quicken for bugs etc. . This is a nice polished version . I am installing it now so I have release 2 . It is a good priced product , polished over several decades . Went on perfectly - and added a reasonably priced and efficient online backup at 1/4 the cost of the previous OLB . They give us a lot for our money . I do wish they had the great free support they had only a few years ago . I never need CS but it is nice to know it is there ! Few other firms give us this much for the money .
 I have followed Quicken since DOS Version 2 , in the early 90 's . It has steadily improved over the years . My aim now is to improve our financial budget . It so far is looking very promising and helpful .
 I use this product to maintain my household accounts . I love it ! It keeps me in line even when I do n't want to be kept in line ! :-RRB- Great for knowing where you are financially .
 I had Quicken 2002 and finally upgraded to 2007 ... it takes a couple times to get used to the new navigation but now I love it . I have n't used the advanced features yet but out of the box so far it 's great .
 Although I was happy with the 2006 version , the 2007 is even better . I do n't know how I would deal with my fianances without Quicken .
 I really like the new Quicken 2007 . I was using the Microsoft Money 2004 , but this one is much better alot of exrta things that help me on my Taxes .
 I have always used Quicken and I personally find it the easiest and best to keep track of personal finances , complete your income tax .
 This is the best software I have gotten for my computer.I have said goodbye to balanceing my check and said hello to quicken . It has made every finical transction fast easy and enjoyable .
 I have been using quicken for years and normally update every 2-3 years . This upgrade is a wonderful experience . They have added so many useful solutions . Every year I try the free download of money but it has some nice features but just does not allow the flexablilty of quicken .
 Quicken 2007 continues their tradition of providing an excellent product which organises your financial life . It is to me the most important software I have on my computer and the new version looks great feels great and by my book does you great .
 Ok , so CNet gave this an outstanding review , but the reviews here , user reviews , and the forum ALMOST scared me off of this product entirely . A little about me
 As is the ritual with me for the past 8 years - went ahead and purchased Quicken Deluxe 2007 - Here are my thoughts : Installation
 It is a great product , but it has some issues when you update . You just have to make sure you have a couple hours to download , otherwise you will not be able to update .
 I 've been using Quicken since the late 80s or early 90s . I LOVE this software . In this version you can attach PDF or JPG files to transactions , so I scan all my receipts and attach them to my transactions . When ever I need to find a receipt to return something , I have it in an instant . It 's really easy to use software , no more difficult than entering transactions into your check book registry , but these you can search with any word . I can print out reports of payments made to my insurance or who ever to show that payments were made when there is a dispute . I download all my credit card transactions right into Quicken , all my banking transactions get downloaded right into the proper registry . I ca n't even imagine not having Quicken or anything being easier or more complete to use .
 Quicken Deluxe 2007 , is a fine package for tracking expenses , bank accounts , and if you track an IRA it will do a good job for you . I left Quicken and went to Microsoft Money , which I have been disapointed in ever since I did that . I was upset with quicken that long time customers -LRB- at least ten years -RRB- did n't get a better break on updated versions , then a couple of years ago maybe longer you changed your souce rograming so it would not read all the back up files from previous years . But I have learned my lesson , Microsoft Money is a waste of time and it does not have the bells and whistles that even Quicken Basic has . So I am back and happy , even without a more loyal support -LRB- break on cost of each years upgrade -RRB- I do not believe I will leave quicken again . It 's good , does it 's job , easy to learn , and in the end you will be happy .
 I had n't planned to upgrade from Quicken 2006 this year but after reading some reviews I decided to pick up Quicken 2007 Deluxe . I 'm glad I did . Since Quicken is a mature product , I did n't expect earth shaking changes . It 's the little things that make a difference . I like the fresher user interface with the new home page that shows projected cash flow . To me the home page did n't seem as busy as in prior versions . I like the improvements for scanning checks and receipts into the program . The register entry and buttons -LRB- enter , split , edit , attach -RRB- are displayed in a color that contrasts with the rest of the register , making it easier to see what I 'm entering . In summary , if you 're happy with your prior version of Quicken there 's probably not a lot of reasons to upgrade but the little changes made me glad I did .
 Okay , i bought this product w/out reading the reviews . I recieved the item and was pissed off at first because it was not detecting my ipod . I went through the help at apple in order to enable the disk on my computer options and when I did it still did not recongnize my ipod . I was about to destroy the software but i read online that there is an update thats free that syncs the ipod with the newer version of itunes because the software deals with the older version like 4.1 or something . The website to download the patch is simple and all you do is click next and agree to terms and concepts . I will give you the site to make it easier ... http://www.valusoftsupport.com/KBArticle.asp?kbid=5740i hope this helps you all because i know the reviews before me were negative so i am actually the first to write a positive . But its cheap and easy to use program .
 This program saved me a lot of headache and frustration . I just put the cd in the drive and loaded the program and it did the rest . I was able to take all my music on my ipod that was missing in my itunes library with one click . The reason I purchased this product because I bought a new computer and needed to make a new library . I would recommend this product to anyone . I read all these complicated ways of reverse music placement and it made more problems than it was worth . Also , I have Windows 7 and another product I bought first did not work with this new OS .
 I transferred music from my old iPod -LRB- 1st gen nano -RRB- to my old computer with ease when I first bought this years back . Then , when I had a new iPod -LRB- 3rd gen nano -RRB- and a new computer , I tried this . It was n't detecting the iPod at all and it was slowing down my computer big time . It 's a little screwy , and it takes a lot of playing around with and trying different things . And after a few hours it should work , although most people do n't have that kind of time . I give it 4 stars because when you finally get it to work , it 's a great program . It restores album covers , song titles and everything !
 I feel compelled to contradict some of the other reviewers here . This is not a bad upgrade at all , it just depends what you expect for your money.I installed Q Premier 07 over Premier 06 . It installed with no problems -LRB- Win XP Home -RRB- , converted my two files without any hitches or data errors , and works quite effectively . I should mention here that one of the files is large , and has a lot of complicated investment history -- it has sometimes caused problems with earlier versions of Quicken.I tend to upgrade most years , simply to get the latest bug fixes , tax rates , etc. . And as others have noted , Quicken has mostly confined itself to relatively minor improvements , and you could certainly say that the story remains the same here . If you do n't like spending the money , and are happy with your 05 or 06 version , do n't bother . But if you 're considering upgrading for whatever reason , do n't be scared away , jump in , the water 's fine . The downloads are definitely better , and a tad faster -LRB- Q seems to be able to run some downloads in parallel now -RRB- . I have n't explored all the other `` new '' features they claim , but so far the good news is that nothing I depended on is broken .
 I ordered this software before I saw all of the negative reviews . When I saw the bad reviews I almost canceled the order . I am glad that I did n't . When the software arrived I immediately downloaded and installed the R3 patch.I have been using various versions of Quicken and paying my bills electronically since 1994 . Quicken Premier 2007 imported all of my previous data and settings perfectly . The purchase was worth it just for the improved web connect feature that now updates all of my accounts automatically . In Quicken Premier 2005 some of my accounts could not be updated automatically and I had to log in to bank and credit card web sites to manually download the data files.I have not even reviewed all of the new features , but everything I have tested works . Nothing has been corrupted . The new features save me time and make managing my finances easier.I almost gave the product 5 stars , but deducted a star because the automatic update that launches during installation did not download the R3 patch . I had to get the patch manually from the Quicken support site , but it should have been automatic . Another reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that during the addition of accounts for the improved web connect feature , each new account generated an error message that made it appear that the process had failed . However , in actuality , the process did not fail and those accounts now update automatically with all of my others.I am very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend the product .
 I find this software to work fantastic for my bank records , investments and really enjoy the budgeting capabilities . I have used both Money and Quicken . In my honest opinion , either will suit your needs for home finances . I like 2007 's home view , as it gives you a snapshot of where you stand financially for that particular day , and you can look at a graph and see where you 'll be for the month . Getting set up is easy , and entering recurring transactions is pretty simple . The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is that it can get a little bulky when you delve into some of the reports . A little more simplicity , maybe even some cookie cutter reports , would make viewing some of the financial reports a little easier . Overall , if you are not using either Quicken or Money , you should try one of them out , it really makes life a little easier .
 Quicken Premier has everthing that I need to stay on top of my Financial picture . The other products that Intuit makes may be better for more professional users but this works well for me .
 After reading mixed reviews on Premier 2007 , I decided to go with my previous good experiences with Quicken products and give it a try . I 'm very glad that I did . This product has done everything that I hoped it would , and more . Since I 've retired and begun withdrawls on my investments , I 've wanted to simplify the tracking of my financial accounts . With Premier 2007 it 's been very easy to download all of my financial transactions and eliminate almost all of the manual entries that I previously had to do . Other features , such as financial analysis , graphing , etc , have also worked well and been very useful . Of course , the general program functioning is just as good as I 've come to expect based on other Quicken programs I 've owned . My only problem -LRB- and I 'm a long way from having tried all the program features -RRB- is that I ca n't set up the calendar with repeat payment due dates as a `` reference only '' tool , because without having set up bill payment through Quicken Bill Pay these calendar entries are seen as unpaid bills , which is then negatively reflected in my cash flow . This problem aside , I can highly recommend Quicken Premier 2007 .
 If teal green is n't one of your favorite colors , then you 're going to find that using Quicken 2007 will make you nauseous . In fact , you may want to delay your upgrade until Intuit addresses this issue . I wish I had.It seems like it would be a simple matter for Intuit to offer users a choice of theme colors or skins . Or perhaps someone could write a software patch to do this?I like the way Quicken 2006 looks and wish that 2007 kept the same look and feel . Other than that , it is an excellent program with only a few minor flaws .
 A little disappointed in this version . I have had Quicken for a number of years and this is the first year I have really had problems . It was mainly in the banking downloads . Also had memory problems also , which was not relating to my PC . At least they listen to the problems - I just got an update that solved the memory problems and my banking downloads seem to be working fine now . I called Customer Service and they were very helpful in getting some of this resolved . Hopefully , they will keep providing updates . Otherwise , this is a great financial software package . Do n't be afraid to buy it since it appears they are fixing some of the problems that came out in the beginning . I would have given it a 5 star rating if it had not been for the glitches .
 Have had no problems with the software . The price was right from Amazon and I have had no problems in the 3 months I have had the software . No complaints to this point .
 After struggling with Microsoft Money for years , and having to completley start over a couple of times because Microsoft Money failed to download any more data , I 've officially switched . I was hesitent after reading the reviews from both programs , but I took a gamble and won . I do n't know how Quicken was before their 2007 version , but I tried the free trial of Microsoft Money 2007 before trying Quicken and I encountered many of the usual problems . . Since using Quicken , everything has been VERY simple and easy to use ... Goodbye Microsoft , you will not be missed .
 I just upgraded to Quicken Premier 2007 from Quicken 2004 . Evidently there have been some serious improvements in the last 3 years ! I love the effortless on-line interactions . I now have Quicken paying my bills , pulling down -LRB- from the internet -RRB- my credit card transactions , investment accounts , and bank statements with almost no effort on my part . It really shortens the amount of time I sit and do my household book keeping . I have found this version to be very intuit-ive -LRB- pun intended -RRB- and powerful .
 My wife and I have always had trouble tracking our finances . We are n't experienced with other Quicken -LRB- or MS Money -RRB- products so this was a bit of a stab in the dark . But we needed to get some control and understanding of where we were spending our money - beyond what our check register showed.It takes some time and some work and there were a few times where I was banging my head on the desk , but in the end Quicken 2007 is a superb product . I have had problems with the auto update , but I prefer to get the statement -LRB- online -RRB- and then verify my entries myself , anyway.Its quick to get going , easy to update and gives you all kinds of up to date reports about your finances and how you track them . Its helped us reduce unnecessary expenses and create a budget that is much easier to stick to than we expected.If understanding your personal finances is something you are interested in , and want to do better , I highly recommend Quicken 2007 .
 I have bought both Encarta and Britannica for years -LRB- EB in printed edition too
 Having had Encarta for a few days now , I consider it to be fully as advertised and more . I shall not belabor the excelence of the product more than to say it is supurb.I now feel that I must have suffered a careless moment when I ordered the CD version . The price I paid for that was to spend well over 2 hours installing it -LRB- less the special kid 's stuff which would presumably have taken longer -RRB- . There are 5 CDs . The first 3 finished whatever it is that they do in about 15 minutes each . After becoming impatient with the progress of the 4th CD I started a stop-watch and it ran for about an hour-and-a-half before announcing that it was finished . The 5th CD proceeded without my direct attention , and when I observed my monitor about an hour later , it was awaiting my consent to shut-down and restart my system . Aside from the time involved with the installation , the process was without problems.I have no idea how long it takes to install the DVD version , but I would hope that it would be shorter .
 This computer encyclopedia is the best I have seen yet . It is truly multimedia , blending text , audio , and visual . There are interactive maps and other features that are good whether you are just playing around or doing research . I love the dictionary , thesauraus , and translator . It is an excellent tool for homework , or just to know.The text is very in-depth and thoroughly explains the topic . So , no matter what the use , this is the best encyclopedia out there for your needs .
 Encarta started out about 15 years ago as a premier multimedia electronic encyclopedia , and quickly established itself as a viable computer-based encylopedia to paper ones . Each edition adds a lot of new features , so , in a way , it 's become somewhat of `` bloatware , '' but most of its contents are of excellent editorial quality and will please both adults and kids alike . The emphasis on multimedia really makes it shine.This CD version is less convenient than the single-disc DVD version , but is also much cheaper , so I think it 's a great value . Get it while the $ 20 rebate is still good .
 Moving into a new house , I had so many projects to make it my own . This product made it all happen . It was easy to start and I had walls drawn and showing in 3D in a few minutes.First , I drew the existing structure . The ability to draw the plan easily and see it in 3D every step of the way made it quite easy . And , I 've tried all the competitors . The only product that lets you show the 3D view -LRB- with shadows from lights and sun -RRB- without grueling waiting and finger tapping is Punch . . its blazing fast.Changing the plan was just as easy ! You drag a wall and dimensions display showing you were you are . Move a window or door and you instantly see the results in the 3D view . When I wanted to knock down a dividing wall between the great room and kitchen , it was a couple of mouse clicks and poof , gone . This was huge in determining how open the plan would be and if this part of the remodeling was worth it.When it comes time to landscape , this was way cool . You can customize your yard and its a blast . With a few mouse clicks you can add hills/berms to your yard , I even used the excavation tool and dug a hole for a swimming pool -LRB- now if I could just really have it :-RRB- The picket fence I added even conformed to the changed landscape . And . . then I added plants . Tons of plants and I even used their tool to select only plants in my area . Then . . to top it off . . with a click of the mouse I could grow the entire landscape to see how it would look when the trees grew.As for learning . . you 'll love it . You can be drawing in minutes . . but if you need some help there are videos that walk you through how to use each tool . Very cool .
 I 'm really surprised by some of the other reviewer 's negative comments regarding this product . I was given the Punch ! 5-in-1 program as a Christmas present and then purchased the Punch ! 3000 program a couple of years later . When I got the Punch ! 5-in-1 I had never used a CAD program before and really had very pretty limited experience with using computers in general . I have not run into any of the difficulties or limitations that the other reviewers complained about so I suspect that they just have n't learned to use the program.Punch ! 3000 is pretty complicated but that 's because it has a LOT of tools . I 'm actually glad I started with the much less `` robust '' 5-in-1 program because it did n't overwhelm me and 3000 might have.I am not an architect but am nevertheless currently in the process of actually building my dream home exactly as I designed it using Punch ! 3000 . It is a 2 story , 3 bedroom , 3 1/2 bath , with wraparound porch , backyard decks , and a complex roomline that includes dormers . I designed every piece of it down to the foundation , plumbing , HVAC , and sidewalks . Yes , I did take my Punch ! 3000 plans to a professional designer and engineer to prepare working blueprints because I wanted a professional to verify that what I had planned was actually buildable ... that the `` physics '' would work.But , it turned out that the only changes recommended to my design were slight variations -LRB- inches -RRB- in the lenths of a couple of room so as to take advantage of stock sizes of building materials and some changes to the electrical wiring scheme so as to balance the anticipated electrical loads better -LRB- i.e. , get all the big appliances OFF the same circuit . -RRB- My designer said he 'd seen a lot of stock house plans with a whole lot more problems than my design had.I did get a bit frustrated with how slowly Punch 3000 ! prepared live view renditions when my design got complicated but I suspect that the slow rendition was more due to limitations in my computer 's memory than anything inherent in the program . And , I did n't actually ever use the Animator tool -LRB- played around with it a little but did n't really feel the need to `` make a movie '' of my house plans . -RRB- All in all , I think Punch ! 3000 is a great program and , while I 'm glad to be finally building my dream home , I 'm kind of sorry that I will no longer have any excuse for spending hours-on-end playing with this program and tweaking my design ! Then again , I have n't done anything yet with the landscaping tools and I 'll have almost 3 acres to landscape when we get moved in ... ; -RRB-
 This software is nice ! I 've worked with a lot of home design software , and this one is definitely the easiest and most powerful I 've seen . It has tabs that represent plan layers such as the main floor plan , roofing plan , electrical , plumbing , foundation , landscaping , deck , and hvac plans . These plan layers have their own plan-specific tools , and it allows you to print and view each plan layer independently or in combination with the other plan layers -LRB- nice feature -RRB- . As you draw walls , etc. in 2D , they are automatically built in 3D . It allowed me to specify my wall heights and styles for gable walls , etc.It allows you to apply colors , materials , plants , and lighting fixtures , and the 3D rendering quality -LRB- which includes shadows -RRB- is some of the best I 've seen ... period . Definitely photorealistic ! It has fast 3D helicopter and walk through viewing tools that animate the 3D viewing , which really put you in and around the home - this is fun!The software has professional-level power , and because of this , it requires some additional time -LRB- and patience -RRB- to discover all of its capabilities . For example , its auto-framing and estimation capability is located in a powertool list , which is easy to access when you discover it 's there . Overall , this is fun , and surprisingly powerful software .
 Architectural 3000 meets all my home fantasies and business needs . This program has really useful tutorials for designing the home of your dreams ! I am very satisfied with this product as I use it instead of very pricey CAD programs for my architectural drawing classes . It is a great tool for teaching , and I have used it to visualize and design an add-on to my previous home , and am now using the programs to design the house I have always wanted . Using the topography tool to match that of the real lot , the building I design is realistic , and the process is alot easier -LRB- and less draining on my pocketbook -RRB- then hiring an architect.The best part about it ? It is easy to learn the techniques and once you are finished ... you can present a complete walk-through of your home 's interior/exterior design and landscaping to your family and friends !
 I have used most of the Home Design packages that are on the market today . In fact , I have been using Home Design software for over 25 years , and before that using a CAD system to design houses . This product is a professional series for the advanced user . Yes it may be a little more complicated than the others , but if you are ready to move to a product that the rest can not touch , this is it . If you want a basic design package , try their 5 in 1 Home Design , the Super Home Suite , or the Professional Platinum series for more advance users . But if you want a professional product , Punch is really the option to go with . This package does not hold you hand as the beginner packages do , but they have products that will do this . Once you get past the beginning stages and are ready to move to the top of the line in design software , Punch Architectural Series is the one . On top of all the options and abilities it has , the Online Community will answer any questions you have . Just look for an online community for those other products and you will know who is using what software . This product will do it all and provide you with real details that you can really give to a home builder to build a house . Plus along with the house design , you get see what it really looks like with the addition of Master Landscape software . This addition allows you to see exactly what your home will look like with those trees , bushes , or flower gardens that will make this house yours . If you want a complete package with all the options , get the 3000 or 4000 series of Punch . It includes everything you really need to be your own designer and to see exactly what it will look like when built .
 I Bought The Program Reason And The Tutorial DVD Simultaneously So I Really Did Not Have The Opportunity To Play With The Software Before Viewing The DVD . That Being Said I Could Not See Using The Program Effectively Without The DVD . This Was The The First True Piece Of Audio Software I Ever Purchased So To Have A Visual/Audio Aid To Guide Me Step By Step Through The Process Was A Lifesaver . From A Beginners Standpoint The DVD Uses Some Terms That Are Unfamiliar And Kind Of Hard To Grasp . But With Repeated Viewings I Am Able To Make Some Great Music . I Would Recommend This DVD To Anyone Who Has Purchased The Program Reason .
 Unfortunately , I did n't find this product until almost a year after picking up Reason 3.0 . I used this video in my laptop as I played along with Reason on my desktop . The instruction moves at a nice , slow pace so you 've got time to look between the video and Reason 's interface.And yes , that woman is REALLY annoying . My guess is she 's still waiting tables somewhere , because she did n't do much to impress.Other than that , wraps up most everything you need to know if it 's your first time using Reason .
 This is a very decent tutorial DVD for using Reason 3.0 . PROPELLERHEAD Reason 3.0 -LRB- Windows/Macintosh -RRB- For me , it is much more instructive to see things being done on screen than to read about them in a book.Not to be a killjoy , but the thing that got annoying really quick was the introduction of each video `` chapter '' by a young lady , who I can only assume is someone 's girlfriend at Ask Video , and testosterone took over . -LRB- OK , she is cute -RRB- I 'm not criticizing her performance specifically , it 's just that the chapters are already titled , and the intros impart no useful information - it 's usually fluff , and you ca n't skip 'em , but you can scrub past them.Apparently Ask Video took this tact with their other products , because theintros are listed as an important feature in some of their other tutorialDVDs . Silly !
 The Statement Analyzer software is a tool to use in conjunction with the book `` I Know You Are Lying '' by Mark McClish , and his training course on Statement Analysis -LRB- found at Statement Analysis dot com -RRB- . It is not a `` Lie detector '' but rather is a handy reminder to look at specific words in context of their use , according to what you have previously studied in the book and the course offered.Please see my review here at Amazon.I have been reading and studying Statement Analysis since 1997 but find that `` I Know You Are Lying '' to be the most complete guide to uncovering deception . When the principles of statement analysis are learned , the software becomes and excellent tool of which to use the skills you acquire from both the book and the online training.Who will benefit from the software -LRB- and the book -RRB- ? Of course , any investigators , including law enforcement , insurance fraud investigators , welfare and child support investigators , social workers , child abuse investigators , etc , but also those are fascinated by crime ; and even those who simply want to know if they are being lied to!The skills obtained first from the book , and then with the software , can be used when : watching politicians making speeches on television -LRB- this alone will keep you busy ! -RRB- , high profile cases covered on television.Ever wanted to know what really happened in such cases as Michael Jackson , President Clinton -LRB- I know , I know -RRB- , Chandry Levy and Gary Condit , Jonbenet Ramsey , OJ Simpson , and more ? Get the book first , and the software as the supplemental tool.As with all knowledge , comes responsiblity , and perhaps , some emotional pain . It is not easy to know someone is lying to you , even on small matters ; but if you are a person who does not like to `` put my head in the sand '' and not know the truth , you will enjoy the easy reading and subsequent easy application of the sofware .
 I do n't use this CD that often , mainly because it 's easier to detect deceit through the strategies taught in the book , ' I Know You Are Lying ' by Mark McClish . The CD pinpoints certain words that can sometimes indicate deceit , but if you already have the hang of what McClish teaches , then 9 times out of 10 , you wo n't need the CD . Still , it 's useful for when you want to make extra sure you have n't overlooked anything .
 At an ASCAP event two years ago , I heard Chris DuBois from SeaGayle Music rave about MasterWriter
 I have to concur with the other reviews , in that this is an excellent program for what it can do . I agree with what 's already been stated thus far , so I 'll add the following ... One of the more unique features of this program , is the ability to register the creation date of each song you write in an online database . This is not to be confused with registered copyright . To register a copyright , you still go through the copyright office , file your paperwork , pay your fees , etc. . Where this registered date of creation has the potential to come in handy is in the event that you ever had a legal dispute regarding who created a given song . Cases are often won on who can reasonably `` prove '' who wrote the song `` first , '' usually a he said/she said scenario that can be a challenge . So , having the ability to list your ` date of creation ' on a song in an independent database could prove useful . Every additional bit of evidence you have to back you up can come in handy if ever needed . Right ? Maybe . The down side with this program 's date of creation system is that if you wrote a song in 2002 , and do n't type it in to the program until 2007 , the date of creation will appear as 2007 . So , it 's a nice feature , but you have to take it with a grain of salt . If nothing else , it offers the lyricist a little more piece of mind.My second observation regards the ` default user ' that another reviewer mentioned -LRB- only for a different reason -RRB- . I go by my first and middle name professionally in the entertainment business , not using my last name , i.e. , I use what is known as a pseudonym . Well , when I got the software , I used my first and last name , as that is what is asked for -LRB- and so it will match my credit card -RRB- , not realizing that my name would then appear on all works as my first and last , not my pseudonym , and there is no option to put in a pseudonym , or to change your name once it 's been entered . With a lot of professional artists , lyricists and songwriters using pseudonyms , it seems silly that this program does not give you the option to add one , and to choose which name -LRB- s -RRB- to use . When registering a copyright with the US copyright office , you have one of three options ... legal name , legal name + pseudonym , or pseudonym only . It only makes sense for this software to have the same options for printing out lyrics.Those are my additions to those comments already made . I hope they prove useful .
 As songwriters , we have all experienced the initial burst of inspiration . But , where do we go from here ? For 99.999999 % of us songwriting is a process ... Birth and Inspiration and Re-Writing . The 10 minute Demo narrated by Barry DeVorzon is worth listening to many times . This outstanding Demo will help you maximize the outstanding songwriting resources bundled into this one extensive package . This feature will get you off and running from the start . It will also serve as an invaluable refresher during your progress in the creative applications of your songwriting experience.While I have not utilized the recording components , I believe they are probably equally effective in the production process.MasterWriter -LRB- Rhymes , Rhymed Phrases , Pop Culture , Dictionary , Thesaurus etc -RRB- has been most helpful for me in turning vague emotional generalities into lyrics that are colorful and specific ! Lyrics that have their own special visual qualities or rhythmic impact . Lyrics that are ALIVE!I highly recommend MasterWriter as a software package that can help you step up to the next level of your professional songwriting focus!Max G. Bunyan , `` Follow Your Heart '' Music Singer/Songwriter/Recording Artist -LRB- BMI -RRB-
 Overall , I think this product is great ! But the only downfall to it is that it 's only good for 2 installations and you HAVE TO HAVE Internet when you install it . If you do n't have Internet , then you ca n't register your copy of MasterWriter , which means you ca n't install it onto your computer . Plus , if you 're like me , who has to re-format your computer everytime it gets corrupted by spyware and such , then this product might not be the way to go , because again , you can only install it 2 times . After that , you have to order more installations and who knows how much that 'll cost . MasterWriter is nice , but I do n't think it 's worth $ 289.00 . -LRB- But if you can afford it , then more power to you ! -RRB-
 I highly recommend Masterwriter to any songwriter interested in having a robust tool as a resource in honing their creativity . I have always found the technical support to be flawless .
 I 've been using Masterwriter since it came out and I 'm not sure how I wrote songs for the decades I wrote songs prior to Masterwriter . I 'm a professional writer and I 'm founder of the Kid Pan Alley -LSB- ... -RSB- children 's songwriting program . I 've written over 2,000 songs with over 30,000 children and I keep masterwriter open all the time . Whenever we get stuck , i take a quick look at MW and almost always find my way . You 've got to spend some time learning all it 's features . Since it 's not like anything else , you 'll miss a lot if you do n't . The real value is in all the dictionaries . Yes , you can find other rhyming dictionaries , but the things you wo n't find other places like word families , pop culture , the Bible and parts of speech are invaluable . Let 's say you want a word that evokes the feeling of sadness . A lazy songwriter would pick the word blue . Let 's say you look in word families under blue and pick the usage of blue meaning sad and you need an adjective that 's intense with 3 syllables . Pick those filters and you get about 40 intense 3 syllable adjectives that evoke sadness . This is not at all the same as a thesaurus -LRB- which MW has -RRB- as it 's not just giving you words that mean the same thing , it 's giving you the universe of words to inspire your writing.This program is written from the ground up for songwriters . If you just want to use it as a word processor , you do n't need it . But if you want a brainstorming partner that 's quicker , has more ideas , and does n't argue about whether Garth would cut it or not , you need Masterwriter . It 's a very deep and completely unique program that I use for all my writing whether I 'm writing songs or newspaper articles . I do a lot of songwriting teaching to professional and semi-pro writers and I whole-heartedly recommend it to all of them .
 I recently started using MasterWriter through the recommendation of a friend , and it has aided me tremendously in my songwriting . I find the dictionaries to be easy to use and resourceful . I can search for words related to a specific topic I 'd like to write about or by a particular rhyming scheme , or both . It 's a program that I take with me on my computer and can neatly brainstorm a web of ideas . I find it especially useful in that it lends itself to web thinking and then can switch to a linear view so that the writer can collect ideas in a linear , lyrical way . It 's a valuable tool and I discover more features every time I use it .
 Anyone , amateur or professional , who is looking for a great tool to help with their songwriting needs to have Masterwriter . We use it all the time , it 's such an efficient way to keep one 's ideas organized , search for rhymes -LRB- I love the phrases , what a boon ! -RRB- and even produce demos . I am still learning all of its features ...
 As someone just beginning to delve into the world of poetry writing I was delighted to be given Masterwriter as a gift . I have found it useful , flexible and user-friendly . Access to rhyming words , the thesaurus and other tools has been a boon .
 As a matter of fact I was a little unfair in my first review here and I feel I need to rectact it . This seems to be an excelent software and the support is fast and available . I sent an e-mail and the issue was promptly solved.KG
 I initially reviewed this software poorly due to bad tech support . I have since had very good support for the issues I was seeing . The support was very responsive . The product itself is amazing and very helpful for songwriters .
 I love Masterwriter as an organizer for all my lyrics-finished and unfinished . I 've tried in notebooks or word documents , but this is way better . I love how you can write/store little audio clips . The thesaurus is n't that great-i use one online . But the rhymes are great and sounds alike is really helpful . it 's not going to write a song for you , but it will definitely help the process along . It does need a newer version , but even as is-it 's worth it . They are great about offering discounts at conferences to musicians-I would look online for a coupon code .
 this product rocks . why ? 'cause it 's so stinkin ' fast . you 're not closing one song and opening another -- like i have to do with word . you 're one click away from your whole catalogue and from there , one click away from lyrics , or sketches , or whatever . it 's as if everything is open all at once , which is to say you can write as fast as you can think -- then you can turn on a dime and tear into a new song , then back again -- which is huge . HUGE.also you can record with this thing , which i do n't need , but is cool . the rhyming dictionary is sweet ; the way it keeps a list of favorites helps a lot . not to mention SongGaurd , or being able to file songs in groups , or the way it dovetails into your publishing company of choice . when you print a set of lyrics , it even throws your name on the bottom.if you are a prolific writer , or working on multiple songs/projects -LRB- you could even use this thing for poetry , or any kind of writing for that matter -RRB- then this program is gon na help you organize , develop and navigate your material better than any other . worth the $ 200 ? most def.if you are a struggling writer , 'cause either you have writer 's block or because you 're trying to be something you 're not , then no program in the world will help you with that . all the complaints i 've read above say more about the writers than they do the program . they seem to get more inspired busting on a program than writing songs . whateva , must 've missed their calling , now they 're pissed 'cause they ca n't go buy more talent points . it 's the same with dogs and guns , folks -- it 's the person behind the mechanism that should be blamed.of course nothing is perfect , but this little gizmo is FAST , the fastest i 've seen.not to mention i called the phone number and realized that the guy 's voice on the other end is the same voice that is recorded in the demo , which i thought was cool as well.bottom line -- this thing wo n't help you write if you suck -- 'cause nothing can make up for lacking the imagination , passion and wit that it takes to write a good song . but if you 're looking to control and maximize creative bursts as well as to catch up on an immense back log of under-developed material -LRB- like ten boxes of handwritten/typed ideas in my case -RRB- , the cash this masterwriter will save you in storage alone is worth every penny.damn straight .
 Before you try this product to remove spyware and adware try ad-aware SE person or spybot search and destroy . You can locate these items at Cnet 's download site www.download.com or at softpedia 's website .
 I love this program because it really lets me know what the student 's strengths and weaknesses are . The feedback for both the student and teacher is effective and easy to track . I can set goals that must be reached in order to move on . Unlike other theory programs I 've tried , this one has lots of practise and reinforcement of each concept .
 I use this music theory method almost every in my teaching studio , This is what I believe is hands down the best music theory method . Highly recommended ! I also use other teaching methods like this one which I also recommend!The Ultimate R & B Song Development Guide for Keyboards Vol . 1 for Beginners
 For me This is the most useful of all the springboard modules . I usually have to carry a big heavy college-size dictionary around when I want to read something because there 's inevitably going to be some obscure word that I do n't know and that 'll bug me if I do n't look it up ; but carrying around that size of a dictionary although it 's really useful is rather on the cumbersome side . I was skeptical at first as to whether this dictionary had what it takes -LRB- as compared to an Encarta dictionary or an American Heritage college-sized dictionary -RRB- but the definitions are pretty close to what I 'm used to reading the main difference being instead of carrying around a 10 pound dictionary I 'm not carrying much more than my Handspring visor ! This module mounts flush and even though beyond simply looking words up the navigation is a little lacking ; the act of looking up words is much easier and quicker than opening up and looking for the words in a 10 pound dictionary . I do n't use the module for anything beyond looking up words so I do n't really use any of the navigation -LRB- beyond the little left arrow at the top to move from the specific definition to the index of all of the words -RRB- . Navigation among the words is so easy I even found myself scrolling through the dictionary and looking up words that I knew nothing about ; with this module it 's sort of fun ! So if you like to look up words and you own a handspring visor you should ask yourself this
 I have been using the Franklin Bible Module for about a week now and I love it . Plug it in and it works flawlessly on my Prism . The unit is basically Franklin 's Reader and their Bible Ebook combined on a module to negate the use of RAM , which in my opinion is the strongest selling point . The Franklin Reader is very simple to navigate , though somewhat limited in features . I like the ability to search for phrases as opposed to just one word . You may also bookmark sections which is very nice to compare scripture or mark your stopping point . The devotional and the index are both nice touches . Anyone who is familiar with Franklin 's electronic Bibles or the software Reader should love this product . I highly recommend it .
 I love it when I am at church and the preacher asks to turn to a specific book and verse in the bible , and i pull out my PDA with my Franklin Bible and start reading along and taking notes . It is so practical . Thanks FRANKLIN !!!
 This is the only module that I own , and the only one that I 've been fascinated enough by to purchase . I really love it , and get the funniest comments about the functionality . When the pastor is quoting versus at lightspeed , I am easily able to keep up while everybody else just gives up . Tap . Tap . Tap . One feature it did n't have that I feel I was lead to believe it had was the capability to write extensive bookmarks . I would like to be able to associate notes with specific verses , instead I get a limited entry associated with the chapter .
 But if I do ever decide to try Linux one day it would definitely be with Mandrake . Out of all Linux distributions out there Mandrake seems to be the best . Windows XP is a great operating system in it 's own right for sure , but if you wan na try Linux then go for Mandrake .
 This is a great game and it 's very challenging ! I would recommend this game to anyone who needs a little brain teaser .
 Another winner from Her Interactive , Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake is an exciting addition to the Nancy Drew PC Game canon . This one is a bit scarier than some of the other ND games , but there is nothing so creepy as to scare a young child too much . The game itself follows the usual layout of other ND games
 This game is like all the other mystery games . You need to find the clues and interigate people . I have always enjoyed the Nance Drew Series . This is not my favorite but it was ok . My daughters enjoyed this one more . The clues are easier for them to figure out .
 My sister and I have finished every Nancy Drew game we have except this one . First , I could n't find the Red-Tailed hawk . It was very hard to get the dog statues in place , and it was hard to learn how to run the boat ! The boat blew up the first time I tried it !!! I DID N'T EVEN KNOW IT COULD DO THAT !!! I rate this game about 4 stars .
 Hounded by a pack of shadowy dogs , a dreamy summer cabin at Moon Lake becomes a nightmare for Nancy Drew ! The lake 's residents tell tales about a notorious gangster who lived there long ago with his beloved pets . Are the dogs still protecting his secrets ? They 're getting closer ; should Nancy run for her life or risk their bared fangs in her search for the truth ? Once a hideout for a notorious gangster , this lakeside cabin may hold clues to his villainious past . There is nothing modern about Moon Lake . Rely on old-fashioned sleuthing skills to solve its mysteries . Listen closely in the forests and fields as you sniff out clues . You may hear the answer in a bird 's distant call . Hidden deep below the sunnny skies and crystal-clear lake are dark caverns where secrets are safe from prying eyes . Folks living around Moon Lake seem friendly , but someone 's hiding a secret behind that down-home hospitality . P.S If you need help with this game , please post a review titled `` Dear Nancy , '' I will try to respond as soon as possible but please be patient and check every day . I ca n't give you any direct answers as it would spoil it for other people . I hope to hear from you soon ! : -RRB-
 This Nancy Drew game is one of the best software that HerInteractive has made ! The puzzles are not too hard , but challenging enough to be fun . The setting is fun and the characters are never boring to watch . I am ten years old , but that does n't mean that adults or other younger children ca n't play this game . My friend 's sister is five years old , my brother is nine years old and they both play this game .
 One of my two tied favorite Nancy Drew games , this is a game for everyone . You , as Nancy , are visiting a friend , when two things happen - a tree falls behind your car , meaning you ca n't leave , and the friend ins n't home . She calls from her car , but breaks up , leaving you to wonder just what she meant by Malone 's dogs ... Basically , you need to figure out just what is going on with the ghost dogs . Are they real dogs , belonging to a cunning criminal ? Or are they truly the dogs of a long dead ganster , trying to keep everyone away from his house -- the house you 're staying in?This game has many cool features such as some of the best graphics I 've ever seen , calling friends -LRB- Bess and George -RRB- for tips , and a second chance feature that allows you to continue from right before you goofed.I recomend this challenging game to anyone , boy or girl , kid or adult , who enjoys a good mystery and a minimal violence , educational-value game .
 This is the first ND game I ever played . I got it when I was eight but at that time it was a little too scary and challenging . But when I picked it up at age eleven I was hooked . Me and one of my best friends play it over and over again loving it each time.So basically Nancy goes to visit a friend in her cabin by the lake . Haha no movie refrence intended for anyone who caught that . Well anyway your friend is n't there and a tree is keeping you from leaving . So Nancy sets out to discover the mystery of a gangster Malone and his dogs that just wo n't leave . Yes-I mean ghost dogs . You go through this game with fun challenges such as finding your way out of a burning shed , or other challeneges that prove to be well-challenging ! I garuntee you 'll love this game even though it 's an old one . There 's no way you 'll be able to put it down so it 's well worth your money ! I started playing it when I was eleven and I still replay it now that I 'm thirteen ! -LSB- I reccommend ages 10 + -RSB-
 This game is good like all other nancy drew games but , this one is more creepy and erie . I recommend this to anyone who wants to play a nancy drew game or any adventure pc game that is quite easy to get into . This was one of my favorites . Hope this helped .
 To give potential buyers a guideline , I 'm 42 years old and educated.I enjoyed this game very much . The only reason I gave it 4 stars for `` fun '' was because searching for the bugs and birds was a little monotonous and aggravating . Overall , though , it was educational , the puzzles were challenging -LRB- but not impossible -RRB- , and it had a complete storyline .
 It was great , just scary enough to make it fun but not too scary for kids . A lot to do , the characters are well done , they add to the story line . Up to a certain point you 're always wondering who and what is really going on , until it all comes together . We really enjoyed it !
 This is a great game ! Now , I 'm looking for another because I 'm hooked on the games ! It 's not too hard or too easy , and I love the setting . A great ending , too !
 love anything ND havent played it yet but i bet it will be awesome just like the rest of her games .
 As with all of the Nancy Drew PC games , it is addictive . Set aside a weekend because you are not going to break away until you solve the crime . My daughter , now leaving for college , and I have played every one of these games together over the years . Thanks Her Interactive for great girl time .
 I have more to say about this great program . I tried out 3 childrens/beginners chess programs on my 5-year old daughter :1 . Maurice Ashley Teaches Chess2 . Fritz and Chesster 1 & 23 . Dinosaur ChessThe first 2 programs were written for older children and were too difficult for my daughter to grasp . Maurice Ashley Teaches Chess is for beginners ages pre-teen to adult -LRB- 10 + -RRB- . It 's an excellent piece of software , but my daughter ca n't read just yet so it is way above her head . If I sit next to her and guide her through the program 's mini-games and activities she can pick things up , but I definitely have to sit down next to her and navigate through it the whole time . The Fritz and Chesster series are also excellent chess software for kids . But even Part I is too advanced for my 5-year old . It targets children ages 8-13 , and it really does not teach chess in a pedagogical way . One has to wade through a long narrative and some non-chess related activities to learn the game of chess.Dinosaur Chess targets 4-7 year olds and teaches the game of chess in a standard pedagogical way , where chess knowledge is presented in bite-sized portions from the basic building blocks to the most complicated concepts . In addition , all of the mini-games and activities are directly related to chess . Most importantly , my daughter can go through the chess lessons without me being present . Dinosaur chess is the best chess software for younger kids.Dadi Jonnson has written a splendid review on Dinosaur Chess on ChessOK Cafe that you should look up and read .
 My daughter , who is six-years old , seemed to like Chester , but she LOVES Dinosaur Chess . The lesson plans are very well designed and the exercises are magnificently creative . Let me give you an example
 Dinosaur Chess is the best chess software for children ages 4-7 . It is much better than the Fritz and Chesster CD 's for this age group . Dadi Jonnson wrote a splended review on this piece of software so I wo n't go into it in depth.But I will say that I 've tried several childrens/beginners chess programs with my 5-year old daughter :1 . Maurice Ashley Teaches Chess2 . Fritz and Chesster parts # 1 and # 2.3 . Dinosaur ChessDinosaur chess was by far the best program for my daughter . While using the other 2 programs I had to repeatedly guide my daughter through the mini-games and activities -LRB- and the narrative in the case of the Fritz and Chesster -RRB- because Maurice Ashley and Fritz and Chesster programs were above my daughter 's head . Dinosaur Chess is written directly for my daughter 's age range .
 My 8 year old son wanted to learn how to play chess , and all of the library lessons in our area were not beginner . They recommended we buy this for him to learn the basic game and them come back to the library to play with other children in chess matches . My son picked the fundamentals up so easily and had a BLAST doing it ! He did n't want to stop playing ! He would come home everyday from school wanting to beat the next level . The game is very encouraging yet challenging at the same time . Definitely a great way for your child to learn chess .
 This DVD is good for teaching kids -LRB- 4 to 6 year old -RRB- how to play chess . It reiterates the concepts of how to move pieces in a fun way and adults who like to learn chess would also be able to use this without being puzzled.I brought it for my daughter who is 4 years and 3 months old , and frankly she does not like chess very much . I do not force her to play this . But when she is not tired she likes to plays this . She gets scared on certain tasks -LRB- the raptors will eat you if you do not play fast and capture the pieces with the Rook quickly -RRB- and stops playing and needs my help.I think she is way too young to understand everything and she will eventually like it . But as far as the program goes this fundamentally teaches kids from 4 to 6 years old chess in a very good format ... MUCH BETTER THAN CHESSTER -LRB- maybe this is for older kids - has too much fluff in it -LRB- too much walking around -RRB- . I had brought CHESSTER too -RRB- She understands much better how the pieces move with the Dinosaur program than me trying to teach her personally with the moves of the pieces on a chess board.I will definelty recommend it to Parents trying to teach kids . . This is exactly what i was looking for to teach kids how to play chess.Only Cons were-1 . Not sure if it supports Vista / Windows 72 . Sometimes eventhough you place the Knights on the right squares it tells me that i have placed it incorrectly . I just shutdown the program and start it again and it works fine not giving me that problem again . -LRB- maybe has to do with some setup -RRB- .
 OK , its an accordion file and they supply the labels . But for folks like me who keep all their receipts and other papers in one big messy bin , this accordion file is very useful . It helps you to get all the right papers sorted out , has neat little labels , and keep the papers together . You can pull just the papers you need out of that bin for tax time , and leave the rest in the bin for later.And getting it for free , hey , I am not complaining !
 I found this tool highly useful to pull together and organize all of my tax information . It 's straightforward to use and will help those who are helpless .
 I would highly recommend ordering this cd rom pack , particularly instead of the 2001 `` deluxe '' version , which is more expensive but hardly has any more information .
 This book is an excellent preparation guide for the PSAT , SAT and ACT . . It definately help my scores . There was a 32 point differences from the first to the second test I took .
 ... I doubt that translation programs will ever be able to substitute a professional translator when it comes to dealing with text that carries emotional implications , a poem , or a novel for example . However , they are extremely useful when it comes to dealing with legal , technical , or scientific text translations . Provided that the original language was written with clarity an extremely good machine translation can be produced . The writer is only then required to correct the machine translation slightly , and then only in order to ensure that it is in keeping with the semantic meaning of the original . The translation may lack style but it will carry meaning . This is a tool , not a substitute for an education . A user should be using such software to translate from a foreign language into his own language in order to obtain the best from it , and in that way be in a position to more easily spot errors of translation . A translation program 's utility lies in its ability to speed the translation process , rather than substitute for a translator . Machine translation also requires an extensive understanding of grammar , so that the program 's syntax engine may be modified to improve translations of specialised documents . In essence , a user must be familiar with the grammatical and semantic structures of both the task language and the target language in order to achieve the maximum benefit . As a regular user of a number of translation programs ... I can honestly say that this is quite efficient and good value ... As the program 's unaltered Spanish translation , inserted below , demonstrates ... Yo dudo que los programas de traducci&oacute;n alguna vez pudieran sustituir a un traductor profesional cuando viene a tratar con texto que lleva implicaciones emocionales , un poema , o una novela por ejemplo . Sin embargo , ellos son sumamente &uacute;tiles cuando viene a tratar con las traducciones del texto legales , t&eacute;cnicas , o cient&iacute;ficas . Con tal de que el idioma original era escrito con la claridad que una traducci&oacute;n autom&aacute;tica sumamente buena puede producirse . El escritor s&oacute;lo se exige entonces corregir la traducci&oacute;n autom&aacute;tica ligeramente , y entonces s&oacute;lo para asegurar que est&aacute; siguiendo el significado sem&aacute;ntico del original . A la traducci&oacute;n puede le faltar el estilo pero llevar&aacute; el significado . &Eacute;sta es una herramienta , no un sustituya para una educaci&oacute;n . Un usuario debe estar usando el tal software para traducir de un idioma extranjero en su propio idioma para obtener el mejor de eso , y en por all&iacute; est&eacute; en una posici&oacute;n descubrir errores de traducci&oacute;n m&aacute;s f&aacute;cilmente . La utilidad de un programa de traducci&oacute;n queda en su habilidad dado acelerar el proceso de traducci&oacute;n , en lugar de suplente para un traductor . La traducci&oacute;n autom&aacute;tica tambi&eacute;n requiere una comprensi&oacute;n extensa de gram&aacute;tica , para que el procesador de la sintaxis del programa pueda modificarse para mejorar traducciones de documentos especializados . En la esencia , un usuario debe estar familiarizado con las estructuras gramaticales y sem&aacute;nticas del idioma de la tarea y el idioma designado para lograr el beneficio m&aacute;ximo . Como un usuario regular de varios traducci&oacute;n programa ... yo puedo decir honestamente que &eacute;ste es el valor bastante eficaz y bueno ... Como la traducci&oacute;n espa & ntilde ; ola inalterada del programa , insert&oacute; debajo , demuestra .
 I work on a cruise ship where we deal with people from lots of different countries , but mainly Europe . I was AMAZED at the extensive vocabulary , and translation accuracy this program offered . Not only does it translate into different tenses , but is remarkably accurrate . It does a MUCH better job than most on the market . It seems a little pricey , but it works and as far as I am concerned , it is a worthy investment if you need written communication with people who speak French , German , Spanish , Portuguese , or Italian .
 I will most likely never use the translator in word or excell , but the job it does on web pages is well worth the price . It takes a web page , with all of the pictures and the links , and translates them to a chosen language without messing up the web page format . You essentially see the exact same page with all the same layout transformed into another language . Currently , 40 % of all pages on the web are not in English . WIthout this tool you are missing 40 % of the available data . I saw this program demo at COMDEX and I bought it on the spot . THe translations are not always perfect , but you will get the information you need without much straining . Anyone who needs to surf the web for information should have this program !
 L&H Power Translator Pro 7.0 . has the best first review to translate documents . Obviously it is not definitive -LRB- technical concepts are hard to be correct -RRB- , but it saves us a lot of previous work .
 as good as it can get . Good enough and accurate enough to get you through what you need . translates efficiently enough websites , emails , articles and stories . When in a bind it fits the purpose . The services of a human are not always available nor practical , this software fits the bill just fine . Good buy , worth the money .
 I consider to this product as one of the better translators , for the following
 I 've been bringing groups to France since 1993 and have been writing correspondence of all kinds in French for many of those years . Once you learn the limitations of the program you will find it powerful and a fantastic tool .
 This software is okay for the price . I have found that it is a bit difficult to use however and the instructions do n't really help for you to figure out what you do n't understand about it . But I ca n't complain considering what I paid for the program when other management software costs hundreds of dollars in comparison . It may well be able to do many of the things that I am not able to get it to do , I just ca n't figure it out . Again , the instructions are n't as detailed as they could be . A hard copy of the instruction manual would be nice rather than having to leave the software to read how to use it . Overall , it will do what I need it to do so I 'm not complaining too much .
 I ordered my Pablo graphics tablet and within 5 days , it was in my mail . . I was so pleased . . I am very excited at having this to work with . . I have win XP and havent had a problem . . I am also using psp7 with it . . It gives me so much flexablity . . I am very happy with it and especially the service from Amazon and JB Software . . Thank you all very much ...
 This drawing tablet works just fine for my needs and the price was ideal at just under $ 100 . However , the most important concern is n't necessarily price or quality as it is finding the right SOFTWARE for your task . The included sw is geared more toward children , so I had to look elsewhere for my web-oriented needs - and I found that it works fine with Macromedia 's software - not bad at all for under $ $ $ $ !
 It took my 2hrs to get the pad working . The drivers supplied with the pad were not compatible with ME , or at least on my hp platform . I checked out the website and downloaded the latest driver zip file -LRB- around 350k -RRB- and this worked so I am now functional . However , if this had n't of worked I think I would have really been in it as the technical help files are no short of useless . In fact one of the comments in the help file was laughable -LRB- ` if your computer says invalid systems disk then remove driver disk ' - which is n't even supplied nowadays -RRB- I guess more constructive userfiles would be helpful . However , despite this the pad now works fine and although not terribly easy to draw pecisely with -LRB- I guess this takes prectice and alot of zooming -RRB- I can see advantages over a mouse . For the price of this unit it is very good and there is a good area to work with . Additionally the adobe 5 le software is worth having on its own . I hope this helps , happy hunting
 The Pablo Graphics tablet IE is a great tool for novices and experts alike . Another upside is that the graphics tablet is twice the size of other tablets at half the price . AND it comes woth several hundred dollars worth of software with it.HOWEVER , it should be known that the company that makes these -LRB- KB Gear -RRB- is out of business and that if you have any OS other than Win 95 or 98 , make sure you find a driver before purchasing it . Once you find a driver , you are set . There are several websites on which you can get a driver .
 This tablet is awesome for the money !! The presure sensitivity can be set in the control panel . I use Windows XP , and have had no problems at all . Just read the directions on the KB Gear website . Download any drivers there also .
 I had a little difficulty in getting the Tablet to work but the seller had patience and emailed me instructions to help me.Once I got the tablet to work , Painting , using my graphics programs , was so much easier than doing it with a mouse .
 This is fabulous . Control is far superior to a mouse . The free software is worth the price alone .
 Ours seems to have a hardware problem with the pen , and has for a long time , but I had very little trouble installing to Windows Vista . The pen does absolutely squat , but my computer is having no trouble recognizing the device or the software . It would work fine if the pen worked.As far as I recall , when it worked , it worked faithfully . It was decent , with no accuracy trouble , though it was not too sensitive , but not frustrating . It was an enjoyable piece of equipment . The only trouble we ever had was when the pen died .
 Since Pablo is geared toward graphic artists , web designers and the like , it is largely being mismarketed ! It 's ergonomic design enables you to surf the web with a PEN ... so leave the mouse behind!I happen to be a web designer and use this tablet for many things . Using the mouse for extended periods of time causes my wrist to ache ! Now , with my Pablo , I do n't have to stop working to ease the pain.The tablet area -LRB- 6x8 -RRB- represents your screen -LRB- to scale -RRB- ! Not like the mouse where you sometimes have to move it around to find the pointer.With Pablo , the `` START '' button is always in the lower left corner ... just place the pen over that area and push!While it 's a little unorthodox at first ... if you know how to write with a pen you 'll be comfortable with it in no time at all!Adding the software can be as easy as inserting the CD-ROM and plugging it in ! -LRB- ** See my comment below about this ! -RRB- There 's only one cord to connect ... the USB Port ! There are n't any lengthy installations.More perks ! I comes with over $ 200.00 worth of bundled software , including Adobe Photoshop 5.0 LE , Adobe PageMill 3.0 and WebPainter 3.0 ! FOR GRAPHIC ARTISTS AND WEB DESIGNERS
 WORKS VERY NICELY VIA USB , SERIAL CONNECTION WAS SHAKY , BUT THE OUT PUT WAS REALLY COOL , CAN DO ANYTHING ON THE SCREEN YOU CAN DO WITH A PEN
 I have had my graphics tablet for about a year now and I use it all the time With photoshop 6.0 I had windows me on my computer then I upgraded to windows xp and I ca n't get it to work . And I checked the site for upgrades with the driver and by the loses of it I do n't think they will get to it any time soon . So if you have windows me this is a must have but if you have xp check there site to see if they have the driver . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have enjoyed using my graphics tablet and it works wonderfully on most my programs . . Ive had a bit of a problem using it with Flash 4 tho . In drawing freehand vectors in Flash it seems to already have a starting point off the screen . The product DOES work wonderfully on my other graphic programs and the pressure sensitive pen is great !
 A good and cheaper alternitive to getting a scanner . Helps makes drawings look professional .
 This graphic table work perfectly in Windows XP and in the following site you can find out the drivers : http://members.driverguide.com/driver/detail.php?driverid=121675the name of the drivers file is pablo-Wtkp1215 . zip
 I had to put this review in because of the unfair one previously given.Before I purchased this software , I checked out 5-6 of the major fish screensavers out their and this one is by far the most realistic , -LRB- movement , background , lighting , and noise -RRB- . I have two computers , one 800 mHz the other 1.4 gHz processor and the program runs perfect on both . The goldfish screensaver is just as impressive , if you 're into that kind of fish . Do n't let other marine/freshwater screen savers fool you by advertising more fish and backgrounds , the quality in all aspects , especially 3d-graphics and color -LRB- which are a must if your looking for realism -RRB- , are poor . I personally thought I 'd like the extra fish and backgrounds -LRB- turtles in particular -RRB- in a competitors screen saver , so I purchased it instead of this one . After trying it , I was very disapointed and luckily I was able to receive a refund . I purchased Marine Aquariun and have never regretted it since . What 's great is they have a demo on their website your can try out too .
 When I was ten , one of my memories was helping my best friend clean out his aquarium . After that , I thought I 'll never have one of these , and I have not -- until now . I love tropical fish . God has created such beauty in their colors , shapes , and even their movement . After some careful shopping , I bought this for myself for Christmas . I wish I had gotten it years ago . I 've used the adjustments to enhance the lighting , and the overall effect is just beautiful . What a great gift idea this would make ! Definitely worth the money . -LRB- I 'm not crazy about the goldfish screensaver that also comes with it , though -RRB- And I will never have to worry about overfeeding them , or keeping the tank clean , or hearing the bubbles all night long , or even worrying about the cat!Whoever the creator/designer was certainly did a super job !
 This is my first aquarium screensaver . The fish and aquarium scenes are very realistic and entertaining . One of the cats in the house will come and watch , pawing at the screen trying to get the fish ! It gets four stars instead of five because of the limited number of fish on the screen at one time -LRB- seven on my older laptop with 512 MB -RRB- . An ocean screensaver from this company with sharks , rays and bigger fish would be nice .
 I use this on my front desk computer and it is connected to a TV in my reception room . People love it and it looks very realistic .
 I think this is a pretty good screensaver , but I wish you could have more fish on the screen and an included shark would be nice -LRB- epatulate , bamboo , etc -RRB- . the goldfish are nice too , but i wish there were more to choose from . otherwise , i think this is an awesome screensaver
 I am just learning to work with this product , `` Hallmark Card Studio 2005 Deluxe ... I am enjoying what I can do with it so far .
 I love Hallmark and really want to buy this software but there is no version for Mac .
 This is a great program . It get 's better with each version . I have used hallmark greeting card software for the past 7 years . Easy to use and customize . Never need to use another program for cards . Someting for everyone from beginner to expert . With thsi program , you never have to visit a card store .
 I 've been using Card Studio for 5 years . I am not quite computer literate , but I find it so easy to use , and fun . The cards are beautiful !
 I have used the American Greetings card program for years . I refused to even look at another greeting card program . Then , for Mother 's day , my daughter bought me Hallmark Card Studio 2005 . After 10 minutes of playing with it , I was hooked.There are many things that I like about this program . The art is nice and colorful , you can keep track of important dates , there is a child lock , and is extremely easy to use ! I highly recommend this program to anyone looking to create high quality greeting cards
 I have tried many different greeting card software and this is by far the best out there . It is very easy to use . Not just for cards , you can customize anything from gift labels to banners . It is a lot of fun .
 I Received this program for my birthday . I LOVE IT ! I now have a central location to store all my important dates as well as contact information . The cards are really cute and colorful . I also really love the fact that the Hallmark logo is on the back of the cards
 I had used another product before and thought it was good . But with it you had to insert another CD . . that I had to purchase . . additionally . . to get more card selections . Well , the first thing I noticed with the Hallmark program was the quality of the print and color . The Studio 2005 Deluxe produces very crisp and bright colors and DO like like you bought it at the store ... beautiful ... I tell ya!Lots of great selections and clip art.Another great feature is the email option . On a whim , you can email anyone your creation and they watch it on Media Player . Add music and sounds ... way too fun . Just today I used that option , since the birthday was today and wanted to get my greeting out quick ... and I can still send the hard-copy with that nice MONEY gift for another treat.A great program ... yes . . pop for the Deluxe !
 I purchased this item and decided to spend a little more than I have in the past on greeting card software ... boy am I glad I finally did !!!! I have used other off-name brands in the past and was sorely disappointed , but with this Hallmark Deluxe , I am so happy ! It is a little slow to load , but what is n't these days ? Once in the program , you have so many options to make a card , or to add your own photos , or to make a complete scrapbook page . It 's all within a touch of a button and user-friendly . I highly recommend this program to all .
 Software is great but I had a problem with the registration page and the child lock password not recognizing my password . Fortunately , there is a registration postcard and I reinstalled and chose not to turn child lock on since there are no children in the house . So far I have not come across any `` adult '' content in the program but I guess some people can be offended by anything ... Beyond this , the cards are beautiful , the program is simple to operate the interface is gooey and self-explanatory . Anyone should be able to use this software without problems ... just be sure that after you install you restart the computer before trying to use the software or it wont work right ... after that it is smooth sailing .
 This card studio has many cards to choose from . It is very easy to use .
 I find this priduct easy to use , having many choices , and no problem .
 I have used a lot of graphics software , but the Hallmark Products are the very best . They are so user friendly , and make card making , and other things , so much fun . Thank you .
 I bought this program a coulpe weeks ago . I am very happy with it ! My favorite feature is that it comes with a kids lock . As a father of ywo girls , let me tell you , I wish all programs came with that ! It has any bright and coloful cards to choose from and runs on my p3 600 ! I would tell anybody looking to make cares to buy this program ! Keep it up Sierra Home !
 I love this software . It has made my life so easy . With such a large family I always need a card and this is fast , simple , efficient and a great value for the money !!
 This is the best program for me because I need `` other '' greeting cards , like Secret Pal B-Day and monthly greetings , and if the picture is right , I can change the text to suit the occasion .
 It has many new exciting things , compared to my old program . I wished it had a few things different . It is n't real clear looking when you do a preview and you have to take it all the way as if you were picking it and if you do n't like it you have to start over . That is the main dislike I have of it.But overall its a good progrm
 This product is very user friendly . It paid for itself within a few days , and my friends are delighted with the amusing cards they have received . It is very easy to personalize or change the message while keeping the clip art or picture . Earlier programs required a lot of manipulation to fit to a particular size card . This program has eliminated a lot of steps .
 i HAVE HALLMARK 2012 AND I HAD 2005 ON MY PREVIOUS COMPUTER ... I WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED IN THE ART PROGRAM IN THE 2012 EDITION ... THE 2005 EDITION HAD A MUCH SUPERIOR ART PROGRAM . M , Y INTENT IS TO MOST LIKELY CAN THE 2012 EDITION AND GO BACK TO THE 2005 . UNFORTUNATLEY I GAVE AWAY MY 2005 EDITION BUT I INTEND TO PURCHASE IT OVER AGAIN . IT IS THE BEST ... BUY IT YOU WILL SAvE A LOT OF MONEY ON YOUR CARD PURCHASES ...
 I like having a card CD to make cards for whoever -LCB- except husband , he thinks I 'm being cheap if I do n't buy him one -RCB- . This CD was 5 year old but it was 1/3 of the price of a new one and I like it . You can get card paper and envelopes seperately . Sometimes you want to give a card to someone and it 's not really an important date . You just make one . They look very professional and you can when ever you need one .
 This software is the best I have ever heard of or tried . I 'm having a ball making cards for my friends and family special occasions . It is remarkably easy to use and it gives you the ability to change just about everything . My only suggestion to Hallmark is to issue a larger databank of selections to add the already extensive one that comes with the package . I have hundreds af friends and relatives on my list . This Christmas will be exciting , especially when I add photos to the cards .
 My children , ages 10-12 absolutely love this game . They are fans of the book series and love how it has been translated over to the pc game . Figuring out the adventure gets them thinking .
 You might be asking yourself , should I get the City Select Europe or the City Navigator Europe for about twice the price ? I ca n't answer the question for you but I can say that I just returned from a 3 week trip where we drove all over Switzerland and France -LRB- including Paris -RRB- using City Select Europe and I 'm glad I made the purchase.I loaded my 2610 -LRB- North America basemap -RRB- with a good portion of eastern Europe before I departed . Once there , I was surprised how quickly the GPS acquired satelites and provided position and directional information . The GPS did a fine job of directing us from the airport to our hotel , from the hotel to sights in the area , to our hotel in Paris , to side trips to Dijon and Basil , etc. . Worked equally well in cities and between cities.The only problems I found , and these are not major ones IMHO , are : * Once the GPS told us to take exit 46 . But the exits have no numbers ! * Several times the GPS told us to take an exit using a description that was not on the exit.In both cases , the audible directions -LRB- `` in 2 kilometers exit right '' -RRB- and maps -LRB- showing the turn -RRB- were correct.So what 's the difference between City Select and City Navigator for Europe other than the price ? I contacted Garmin , they say that `` City Navigator handles rotaries -LRB- roundabouts -RRB- better '' . I did not see any problems with roundabouts during my trip.I suspect that the City Navigator has more points of interest loaded , but I do n't know this for a fact . Bottom line , I would recommend City Select Europe to anyone with a 2610 needing to travel in and around the countries it covers .
 I 'm going to start this review by saying I certainly think the software could be better . It 's missing big hotel chain locations , do n't even consider it for restaurant locations , and no landmarks/monuments/touristy type stuff is translated into English ... which I certainly do n't get , however to get you from one point to another known point , it works brilliantly.The very cool thing about the software is that it allows you to do street searches , and will allow you create your own route to the location . So if you use a Fodor 's guide that gives you an address , you can map the way you want to the spot . In my Garmin , however , I ca n't transfer the routes . But You 're also able to create waypoints in the software and save them . Those I was able to transfer to my Garmin -LRB- C340 -RRB- . I have a 512mb card in my Garmin , and was almost able to fit all of the individual maps -LRB- the software is broken down into sectional maps that you transfer to your Garmin as you need them -RRB- , so if you got a 1Gig card , you should be able to fit all of the maps.If you 're a tourist in Europe and would n't know where you were going if not for a GPS , then this software is excellent and should meet your needs . If you kinda know where you 're going in Europe and you 're looking for precise information , I would n't count on this software .
 This program is a fun and fast way to start recognizing Russian words and sentences . You learn by hearing and seeing written cues along with photographs that represent various concepts . Click on the correct photograph and get a rewarding sound and move forward . It is intuitive , and you will find that you recognize a great deal very quickly.There are a few drawbacks to the program , however . Because the program teaches using photographs , it is difficult to show that `` I '' am doing something or `` you '' are doing something . Most of the sentences , therefore , are in the third person . This is a challenge when you go to speak to someone and find that most of your conversation would be in the first and second person.The other drawback is that there is no explanation of the grammar , and no translation of new vocabulary . I use this program with a Russian/English dictionary at my side . I understand that the point is that you learn the word for a concept rather than a translation , which is a better way to learn . On the other hand , it is not always clear what the photograph is trying to convey . For example , a photograph of a 1950s vintage green car has a word you have learned to be car , and an adjective . I had no idea what it was getting at until I looked up the adjective to see that it meant `` old . '' Occasionally you might get an answer wrong because you mistook the action in the photo not because you did n't understand the grammar . It 's not a major problem , but you do feel a bit cheated when it happens!Also , it would be useful to have a function that would allow you to look up a grammatical rule behind new vocabulary so that you could not only hear that a certain ending is being added , but have an explanation of why it is being added.Overall , however , I would recommend this program for its ease of use . It makes you feel that you 're making progress very quickly , which helps get you past some of the discouragement you can sometimes face with a text book full of declensions.I 'd recommend using it with a good Russian/English dictionary and the book Master The Basics Russian which has good grammar charts .
 The Rosetta Stone series of language instruction software is `` Pimsleur '' level of effectiveness and unfortunately , Pimsleur level cost as well.The programs work on a total immersion basis , with no English used at all . There are several types of drills , ones where you hear a word or sentence and pick it out of a group of pictures , another where you read the text of the word and pick out the pictures , etc. . There are also typing drills in your language to help you spell -LRB- without having to download special fonts -RRB- , pronounciation drills that allow you to hear a word , speak it to your computer and hear your voice in comparison to the native speaker played back to you.This is the first program of it 's type I 've found where this feature actually works!I own both German and Russian 1 and 2 . There is a LOT to learn here , especially if you do all the types of drills for each lesson . You learn grammar from inference , such as word endings when the subject is `` in '' something rather than `` on '' or `` under '' it . You see the same endings used , compare them with the pictures and you start to recognize patterns.But one of the best things about this software is the user interface . Since it 's an immersion program , there 's no English used and by it 's very nature needs to be intuitive . This is how it should be done . I 've used other types of language software that had a klunky , confusing interface with features that did n't work , etc. . None of that is the case with the Rosetta Stone software.On another note , I switched to Mac about nine months ago and Fairfield Language Technologies sent me out a new Mac OS X systems disc for free , no questions asked . At this price level you 'd think this would be commonplace , but it 's not . Adobe allowed me to change from PC to OS X when I upgraded from Photoshop 6 to 7 , but Macromedia would n't and expected me to buy all new software -LRB- I did n't -RRB- . So kudos to FLT for their stellar customer service!Is it too expensive ? I 'd say yes , but this is a serious language learning tool for serious self students , and it 's a lot cheaper than classes at the U . The axiom is true with both this and the Pimsleur method tapes ; you get what you pay for .
 I bought the program in late November 2006 . The program is set up well and the translations and dialect used is accurate . I have the one set in Russian and my Russian friend said that it was a good program to use . Before taking the program I took a free one online at -LSB- ... -RSB- This site helps you learn all the basic words when interacting with someone . I found it quite helpful when using Rosetta Stone afterwards . If you purchase this product you will have to get a very good Russian/English dictonary . Once you get into chapter 2 the pictures and phrases wo n't make sense without a dictonary . Unfortunately the best dictonary to get is the one Oxford makes ; I say unfortunately because it costs around $ 40 . Also , if you are really interested in learning Russian you want to get a book called `` RUSSIAN COURSE a complete course for beginners . '' This book explains plurals , nouns , and how to know when something is feminine , masculine , or an it . This book costs around $ 10 dollars . Rosetta Stone is good at getting you to memorize words without repetition . I thought that that would n't work but it works and better then I thought . Rosetta Stone does n't explain how to tell if something if masucline or feminine . It only has one lesson covering plural words but does n't explain how they should be pronounced for a variety of words . If you purchase the book , dictonary , and program you will truly master this language . The more I understand it ; the more beautiful it is .
 It is a great way to learn or review . It makes you learn by seeing a picture and than remembering what it means . It works very well , I used this product at school and it 's worked beautifully for me . I had been trouble remembering the pronocation or the spelling of the words , I used this for a couple of times a week . And it helped wonderfully for me.First its in sections with listening , reading , and translating by pictures or them telling you . The great thing is you can repeat it as many times as you want or you can just click the little icon on the right of the screen and see the answers so your not clueless.It seperated by units , like one unit would be food or going to the supermarket another unit could be what you do on the weekends like ' I like to sit home and read ' . It helps you have conversations with the people and even helps you by testing you at the end of each unit . -LRB- And it has many many units ranging from just listening and reading or listening and seeing the picture and repeating it . -RRB- The flaw is that if you are a beginner it would be a Little challenging since it speaks to you a bit faster , hard to understand most of the words . But it makes up for it with some units by viewing the sentance from above.It 's a great program , above much others .
 This system teaches very differently from how I learned Spanish in school . No grammer or sentence scructure in the beginning , -LRB- just nouns -RRB- and that is how far I am right now . You really have to listen hard to what the voice is saying , then select the right picture . You must practice every day . Hopefully it will click !
 This item has already gotten me speaking and reading a goodly amount of Russian and quite fast . I highly recommend this product for anyone wanting to learn Russian quickly .
 I 've edited my original review since I 've used this software for over a year now ... see below ... From my original review
 I 've been in Russia for two weeks and I 've had three sessions with Rosetta Stone . I 'm a very poor language student , and Russian is not coming easily to me . However the repetitious -LRB- but not boring -RRB- nature of the program has you moving through the exercises at a fairly fast pace using generic photos and a comination of the spoken word and Cyrillic text . It 's too early to tell if I 'll soon be able to converse with a Russian beyond the most basic words and phrases , but I 'm going to press on.There is a feature that I ca n't use yet because I do n't have a microphone . It allows you to record your own speech and compare it to a native Russian 's . I 'm going to try to buy one.I have one problem ... in the typing exercise , there is an on-screen Cyrillic keyboard , and you have to click on each letter with the mouse in order to enter Russian words on-screen . Unfortunately , all I get is English ... no Cyrillic . I 've contacted Fairfield Language Technologies , and they have n't encountered this problem before . They think there is a problem with my computer . I 've toggled Windows between English and Russian , and both give me English.If it 's possible , I 'd be happy to write another review when I 've completed the program . I 'll be here for another two months , so I 'll have plenty of time .
 I have learned Spanish the traditional classroom method and feel this is a better way of learning if you can be disiplined enough to practice 30min to an hour a day .
 I am finding this program great fun . It is beautifully put together and easy to use.The material is presented to accommodate different learning styles and more fun then class for the self motivated.After starting the first unit , I decided to visit Ukraine so I bought a phrase book . I found the phrase book very helpful in decoding all the oddities of the language that were perplexing . I highly recommend Rosetta Stone .
 This program is the best I have run into for learning a foreign language . It starts with basic German words and pictures , to which is added other words and pictures so that one learns phrases and then eventually sentences . Your mind associates the sound and spelling of a word -LRB- s -RRB- with a picture representing the word -LRB- s -RRB- , and in this way you learn intuitively instead of having to think or translate . A few pictures , however , can be interpreted in more than one way , and it would have helped to have had an option that allowed one to view a translation . When I was unsure of the meaning of a certain word based on the picture , I used a dictionary and this solved the problem . The different sections in each lesson interactively teach you how to read , listen , speak , and write . For example , you will hear and/or read something and you will have to match what you hear/read to the one of the pictures shown . If you match it correctly you hear a pleasant sound and continue . If you match it incorrectly you hear an annoying sound and you try again until you get it right . For the writing section you hear words associated with a picture that is shown . One of the writing exercises consists of choosing the right words in the right order and another consists of typing in the correct word , phrase or sentence off the top of your head . I liked the speaking section because you can listen to German spoken at a normal speed , a slow speed and an even slower speed
 The Rosetta Stone series of language instruction software is `` Pimsleur '' level of effectiveness and unfortunately , Pimsleur level cost as well.The programs work on a total immersion basis , with no English used at all . There are several types of drills , ones where you hear a word or sentence and pick it out of a group of pictures , another where you read the text of the word and pick out the pictures , etc. . There are also typing drills in your language to help you spell -LRB- without having to download special fonts -RRB- , pronounciation drills that allow you to hear a word , speak it to your computer and hear your voice in comparison to the native speaker played back to you.This is the first program of it 's type I 've found where this feature actually works!I own both German and Russian 1 and 2 . There is a LOT to learn here , especially if you do all the types of drills for each lesson . You learn grammar from inference , such as word endings when the subject is `` in '' something rather than `` on '' or `` under '' it . You see the same endings used , compare them with the pictures and you start to recognize patterns.But one of the best things about this software is the user interface . Since it 's an immersion program , there 's no English used and by it 's very nature needs to be intuitive . This is how it should be done . I 've used other types of language software that had a klunky , confusing interface with features that did n't work , etc. . None of that is the case with the Rosetta Stone software.On another note , I switched to Mac about nine months ago and Fairfield Language Technologies sent me out a new Mac OS X systems disc for free , no questions asked . At this price level you 'd think this would be commonplace , but it 's not . Adobe allowed me to change from PC to OS X when I upgraded from Photoshop 6 to 7 , but Macromedia would n't and expected me to buy all new software -LRB- I did n't -RRB- . So kudos to FLT for their stellar customer service!Is it too expensive ? I 'd say yes , but this is a serious language learning tool for serious self students , and it 's a lot cheaper than classes at the U . The axiom is true with both this and the Pimsleur method tapes ; you get what you pay for .
 I really liked this program and highly recommend it.Two things though :1 . You need a dictionaryThe small booklet only contains the text of the course in its original language2 . If you are sure you want to buy Level 1 then do NOT buy the Explorer . The Explorer is merely a subset of Level 1 .
 I started using this program so that I can learn German . I live in a Dutch speaking home and Dutch was my first language . Since the two languages are very similar I decided to begin learning German . The program is very good , although translations would be helpful , and if the grammar was explained . Also it would be nice if they introduced the definite articles with each noun introduced in the vocabulary , this would make it much easier instead of having to eventually figure out the noun gender . But all in all this program is quite good to learn basic German , move on to the second version of this program to learn more advanced things .
 The Rosetta Stone language software was a great investment . The product provides learning words together with listening , seeing , and hearing or the user can select one of these individually or even practice writing words and phrases . It provides an easy to use interface and you can learn at your own pace . The product has been worth it 's hefty price . I do recommend purchasing a German/English dictionary to accompany the software . I have also had in the past a basic German 101 course prior to using Rosetta Stone , so it may be difficult to start for a person with no knowledge of the German language , such as pronunciation of basic words or greetings .
 It may be a little more expensive than other language software , but I think it is well worth the extra cost . The total immersion method may seem a little intimidating , but you will be surprise at how quickly you learn as opposed to a memorization technique .
 I tried an inexpensive program first and found it just did n't work . This program has been fantastic !
 I used this to learn basic German prior to spending a semester abroad in Germany . The software is very easy to install and works on multiple operating systems . It allows you to jump right in with learning German while not being too intimidating . Yes , it 's very pricey but it is absolutely the best short of paying for a personal tutor .
 This version of JBuilder is speedier than the JBuilder 3.x series and more responsive on lesser machines . Some touches of the IDE put it -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- at the top of its league . However , I can barely believe how expensive it is . The cheap foundation version can only be used with JDK v1 .3 . JDK switching is disabled unless you spend ... on the Professional version . I 'm not sure what they 're charging for since the core of the JDK is free . They are pricing themselves out of the contest , just like Borland did with Delphi . For much of my own usage , JBuilder becomes a glorified text editor with debugging capability . Nice as it may be , I may save ... and just use Forte !
 If you are the kind a guy that likes challenges and off course , that like to learn , this is the right language for you . But do n't expect to be easy either . It is a very complex language that will give thousends of different choices of how to used . For example
 I have tried a variety of language software titles to learn to speak French and I was beginning to get rather frustrated . After several months , I was still unable to put together coherent sentences . That 's pretty sad , considering I 've taught English to a variety of ages for 4 years and have a strong grasp on sentence structure . However , there 's good news ! Within a few lessons , I was putting together ideas with Rosetta Stones ' French tutorials . The program uses photographs to piecemeal together ideas . You feel much like a child exploring the world in a new language and you will find yourself thinking in French in no time ! In addition , you do n't have to sit through boring grammar lessons , it just comes naturally . I highly recommend this product , even though it is considerably more expensive than some of the others , it is well worth the price of admission .
 The Rosetta Stone people believe in total immersion . Nothing is translated ; all meanings are conveyed by a clever use of pictures . You see a french expression , hear it spoken , and see its meaning illustrated , all at the same time . The method works . It allows the English compartment of the mind to quiet down and the French to take over . I felt that I was absorbing french vocabulary , pronunciation , and sentence patterns more efficiently with this program than by any other learning method I have tried.For the most part the pictures make the meanings obvious , but when they do n't you are on your own . I kept Google running in the background and used its translation facility to look up the occasional mysterious word . That usually worked , but the lack of English translations within the program is a design flaw in my opinion . Doubtless they would protest that including translations would go against the spirit of total immersion . Well , having to stop to look things up in a french-english dictionary is not total immersion either . But this flaw is not fatal . The program is so good otherwise that I was willing to put up with the inconvenience.The method is not a complete approach in itself . No grammar is taught except for what you can figure out for yourself from the examples . French Now ! by Transparent Language is another excellent program that complements it nicely . Rosetta Stone is expensive , but their `` French Explorer '' is modestly priced and provides a generous sampling of their fuller Level 1 and Level 2 programs . If you simply ca n't afford the fuller programs you might consider using French Explorer in conjunction with French Now !
 I have been meaning to learn French for quite some time and have picked up some books and audio tapes but got quickly frustrated and discouraged . However , after ordering this software I am starting to think that I may actually be able to learn French.As a little background I have never been good at languages and I was not very good at my foreign languages in school -LRB- could barely speak a word -RRB- . I am an absolute beginner at French an was very nervous that my past performance in learning languages would prevent me from learning French . I was also a little nervous when I read some of the other reviews that said this might not be the best program for beginners , but I ordered it in the hopes that I could at least try something new.I am extremely happy with my purchase . The proram walks you through French in a very intuitive manner , and though there are n't any explanations it starts you out so slowly that you are easily able to figure out the meanings of what you are seeing on the screen . There is something to be said for learning a language by recognition and repetition rather than learning the grammer rules first . I do use my grammer book occasionally -LRB- I bought it before this -RRB- but only to satisfy my curiosity about certain thins like feminine and masculine articles , and singular and plural nouns ... Honestly this is a fantastic program that teaches you how to speak and hear French with amazing success . You do learn the grammer rules , but you figure them out for yourself by comparing phrases and by building on earlier lessons . It really is similar to the way a child learns to talk -LRB- without ever having to know what a past participle is -RRB- . Bottom line - fantastic proram and I would have no problems suggeting it to anyone . Even if they know nothing about French and have struggled with other languages .
 This will not work for you as the first or only program for learning French . It is great as a supplement to other methods of learning French . The method is entirely intuitive - there is no English anywhere , so you may also want to have a dictionary and a grammar book.I have found Rosetta Stone language programs most useful for reviewing the information I have learned elsewhere , for brushing up on languages I have n't used for a while , and for expanding vocabulary.It may not be the best choice for total beginners , but you can learn a lot by associating words and expressions with the images and occasional mini videos . I do consider it definitely a worthwhile purchase .
 This program is amazing . We have an apartment in France , and for five years have been attempting to learn the language . This is a fun and different approach with which we have made more progress in a month , than past years of memorization and boring drills .
 To learn a new language without having to endure the rules of grammar is seductive . However , the repetition of learning vocabulary and language by associating words with pictures easily becomes boring . To maintain motivation , short sessions of 15 to 20 minutes twice a day is more effective for me .
 Rosetta Stone 's implementation of total immersion works the best , in my opinion . Other products use total immersion as well , but many are a conglomeration of tools whereas Rosetta Stone is an organized , progressive system that helps one learn , and retain . The best method , of course , is consistent , real interaction with the language , but if a PC is all you have , Rosetta works well .
 I like the immersion-feel of the program . It is very intuitive ; you learn faster than you are at first aware . I am only through the first quarter or so of the material , but I am enjoying this program . It 's repetitive , but in no other way does it seem like a chore .
 Great product ... Arrived on time as expected and was what was advertised ... Completely new , still in plastic , enjoyable course , highly recommend the seller !
 I received Rosetta Stone Spanish , Level 1 for Christmas and I love it!The interaction and learning activities are easy to use and help you to pick up the language very quickly . I make several trips into Hispanic countries on Mission with our church and this helps me learn the things I need to communicate on a better level .
 Bravo ! My grandfather came from Spain when he was in his early teens . My father was killed in WWII so I did n't have the advantage of a second language in my home . After completing 2 years of spanish in high school I very proudly attempted to speak spanish when my grandfather , and I , went fishing in Mexico . Grandpa told me I would never be able to speak spanish well because I thought in english , and then translated to spanish . I understood what he was talking about because I did , in fact , think in english , and then translated to spanish . Although I understood the problem I was never able to resolve it because I did not live in a spanish neighborhood where I could practice spanish . Finally Rosetta Stone has developed spanish lessons that help me think in spanish . I truly find that I now think in two different languages , english and spanish . When I am in the spanish mode I do n't think in english . I also like the voice comparison feature since this helps me with my pronunciation . Again well done.Ron SanClemente
 I have taken spanish lesson course over and over and have never been able to remember enough to hold a conversation . One day with the Rosetta Stone and I have only to picture items and the name is there to identify . I love this program .
 It 's surprizing how fast you can learn reasonable spainish with this tool - pictures and language together use the reasoning side of your brain - but it 's fun too ! I 've already recomended this system to friends . I got it because my son recommended the Russian version . If you 're serious about learning language fast - then Rosetta Stone is for you !
 I am retired , and have been trying to learn Spanish for 50 years . I probably have 10 different Spanish Language course on my book shelf . Rosetta Stone , like all of the others , will take a lot of concentration , and a lot of time . I work diligently at it for a couple of weeks , then get side tracked to something else , and forget what I 've already studied . So , like giving up smoking , I 've done it 100 times -- but I was more successful quitting smoking ! That seems to have been a lot easier for me than learning another language . I 'm not stupid , I just took and passed the Amateur Radio Licensing Exams , and have never been involved in electronics before . See , that was another thing that &#34; side tracked &#34; me . I 'm 67 years old and it 's difficult to concentrate . I 'll keep trying though . Rosetta Stone is by far the best of the 10 programs I 've sampled though ! That 's why I gave it a 4 -- it probably deserves a 5 , but I still have n't learned the language .
 I am not a natural to new languages at all , but I seem to be picking up some Spanish here and relatively easily . The teaching technique is quite good.The program takes over the computer which is extremely annoying . There is no way to take a break and check email etc. with this program running . You need to exit the program every time you need to use your computer for anything else . I do not find their user interface very intuitive either , but it does not take long to figure it out so this is of minimal impact .
 I was pleaed at how quickly I began to pick up on the language . I plan to purchase other Rosetta Stone Products in the future
 This language learning software is the best I have ever tried . You can work with the Lesson material in several different ways , utilizing your favorite method of learning . Expecially great is the speaking unit which allows you to match your pronunciation with that of the instructor . The package is well worth the cost .
 If you have your heart set on learning a language while sitting at the computer , then this is the best computer based language learning program there is . The competition in this genre is terrible . Rosetta Stone software is stable and usable . And it is the only program I 've seen with a user interface that does n't look like a children 's book.Having said that , I would n't recommend that anyone who is serious about learning a language use a computer program as a primary tool . Sure , you need a computer to load up your mp3 player and write to your foreign language speaking pen pal . But it takes some really serious determination to sit in front of a computer , night after night for hours learning Spanish . Do n't set yourself up for failure.Unless you are a very exceptional learner , you 're going to have to practice for at least a half-hour every day . For me , that means fitting it into my lifestyle . I study while I 'm driving , washing dishes , waiting in line , whenever . And I 've been doing it for years . If I had to sit in front of a computer , it would n't have lasted a week.If you still really want computer based language training , this is the best I 've seen . I believe they 've added a third level to the Spanish program which should make it more complete . The boxed edition is very pricey , but Rosetta Stone has an online version for which you can pay monthly . They also have sample lessons on the website.I would recommend starting with an mp3 player and a good comprehensive audio course -LRB- Pimsleur or Platiquemos -RRB- . Forget the computer programs , or use them as a supplement .
 I decided to purchase Rosetta Stone Spanish Level One while taking a Spanish class at the community college . I find that it is quite useful and is a good way for me to re-enforce what I am learning in class . I have bought so many different Spanish learning CD 's and I find this one to be by far the best . The only thing I do not like about the product is there are 2 more levels . At a whooping cost of almost $ 200 for each Level you will have a sizable investment into this product by the time your done . But it is one of the best ways to learn . Hope this helps you . Also , If you decide to buy this consider buying Levels 1 and 2 together .
 This will not work for you as the first or only program for learning Spanish . It is great as a supplement to other methods of learning Spanish . The method is entirely intuitive - there is no English anywhere , so you may also want to have a dictionary and a grammar book.I have found Rosetta Stone language programs most useful for reviewing the information I have learned elsewhere , for brushing up on languages I have n't used for a while , and for expanding vocabulary.It may not be the best choice for total beginners , but you can learn a lot by associating words and expressions with the images and occasional mini videos . I do consider it definitely a worthwhile purchase .
 Take it easy , get comfortable , the lessons repeat themselves and after a few hours you are amazed at how much you retain . Was sceptical at first , but the next afternoon when I was telling a friend which words I had learned , we were shocked at how much I had retained . It 's easy , it 's repetative , it 's making me wish I had oredered all 3 levels at once . My oldest child is now takng spanish in high school , so I will order her all 3 levels . We can let her sisters use it to get a jump on spanish as well.They start spanish class in two years . This has been a good investment , as a contractor overseas working , it has paid off for the price paid and the time spent learning . Shows respect for others when you can learn their language to communicate with them .
 I have purchased several different Spanish training courses but the Rosetta Stone is the one that I spend the most time with . I think the program does a fine job of synthesizing the natural process by which all humans learn their native languages . The price is a bit steep , but after working with level one for quite some time I went ahead and purchased level two as well . I figured that based on how much use I 'm getting out of it , the money spent on The Rosetta Stone was money well spent .
 I got this for my parents , they own a business and wanted to learn Spanish to talk to some of their customers , they love it , use the software almost everyday . and have started to use some words at the store as well . this is the best software for language learning .
 this is a great language learning program - you get going on it and before you know it you are ten lessons ahead . i 've learned a lot already .
 My husband is using the Rosetta Stone Spanish program and loves it !
 this program is wonderfull for anyone that want to learn any spanish.I seen many other programs but by far this is the best.it cost more but in the long run u get what u pay for.i love it .
 This program was a dream to use . I admit , I too was very skeptical about payingSo much for any piece of language software , but now after moving through the program , I see just how powerful the technique is . ... ... The Rosetta Stone software is much different , they guarantee your unconditional success , and if you do n't achieve it , you return the software . That was enough to sell me . Also , if you need more proof , it 's the same software the U.S. State department uses , as well as many other language schools throughout the world , with great customer service.The most unique and most baffling aspect of the program is the fact that there 's no grammar . For most who have tried venturing into a new language , doing so without grammar seems way too good to be true , but I 'm living proof , it does work . More times than not , I felt frustrated that no translation was provided , but this forced me to pay attention more to the slight differences , and I think helped me pick up the language quicker . I used to think that was a terrible idea , it was indeed very frustrating , but since there 's only four pictures to choose from , it wo n't take too much time for you to figure things out , repetition it a must , and your new vocabulary will stay with you for a long time . Also a plus , the program is simple to use , and very basic , no reading a long technical manual here . RecommendAs you can see , I strongly believe the program excels on all levels , but now , on to the things that were n't so great . The lack of a grammar book of some sort could be a major set back for those who get frustrated easily . Like I said before , the program is very simple and easy to use . This is also a drawback , yes , I like being able to understand the interface but , where were the sides games , I felt like the program was missing something in that area . Also , I feel the whole issue about the pronunciation meter is a little strange . In this program , you can talk to it through a microphone and it will tell you how fluent you sound . Seems fair enough but , there are many different ways to pronounce Spanish . There 's the way they speak in Spain , in Latin America , -LRB- Mexico standing out as well -RRB- and different in southern America . The differences sometimes might seem subtle , but why not have the program address this with different speakers for different regions ? Also , as a male , I found it difficult to pronounce words like the female orator . I do n't know why they did n't record a male and a female version from which I could choose for everything.This program is wonderful , with its minor faults . The most important thing I could say is , it is the best you 'll find out there for now . No book , tutor , or -LSB- less expensive -RSB- software even comes close . I advise you buy the software and dedicate yourself to it for at least 30 minutes for ten days . The more you put into it , the more you will get out . If at that point you feel it 's not working , send it back . I promise you 'll be glad you tried it . I hope you achieve your language learning goals . ...
 The Rosetta Stone product is a wonderful way to learn a language . It uses your intuition to teach you and you can choose whether you want to learn to speak , listen , or read and write . You may advance in one area more quickly than in others and more than one user can keep track of their scores . The ease of the program and the ability to quickly learn the language is wonderful . The only drawback to this program is that it does not start with conversational spanish . It also does not break down the verbs and grammar , etc. . The books discuss these things , but you travel through the program and learn the way you would if you were having to hear the language -LRB- or read it -RRB- . I love it and so does my 10 yr old . I am not a natural at languages , but have recommended this program to all of my friends . I also have dealt with the company and found them to be wonderful at tech support and in getting me answers to questions .
 The Rosetta Stone , Spanish Edition is fantastic ! I am extremely happy with the results so far , and believe me , I am not at all gifted when it comes to learning foreign language . I took one year of high school Spanish and felt like I learned nothing by the end of the year . I 've had this software for less than a month , but already I feel that I 've learned so much . Most important of all , it 's fun to use . The program uses colorful photos to help the learner associate these images with the words written and spoken on the screen . Some of the pictures are really funny too , which helps keep the interest level up . For example , today in chapter 3 , I came across a photo of a midget clown putting on a pair of pants.If you 're looking for Spanish software , Rosetta Stone is the only way to go . But be advised , a Spanish dictionary alongside you is crucial since actual vocabulary definitions are not provided on the program . I use `` Harper Collins Pocket Spanish Dictionary '' which has thus far , provided me with every definition I 've been looking for .
 I have looked at nearly a dozen different Spanish programs , but this program really mimicks the way a native tongue is learned . Any program that says that you can become fluent in a language in 2 months is lying to you . How did you learn your native language ? Did your parents give you an English grammar book when you were a baby and have you conjugate verbs ? Of course not ! You heard your parents , their friends , and relatives speak it to you over and over and over again . Through that , you began to pick up words and phrases and were able to associate them with their meaning . But it took you quite a while did n't it ? You were n't speaking your native language 4 months after you were born , were you ? But over time you became fluent.People who live in other countries usually become fluent in that language in about 6 months to a year , depending on the language . And that 's with hearing it 24/7 , speaking it , reading it , and having no choice but to understand it . They are immersed in the language . That is what Rosetta Stone is trying to do . It is immersion . You see the picture , see the words , and hear the phrase or words associated with them . And this way , you never forget it . It 's much easier to remember that caballo is horse when you have seen a picture of a horse with the word superimposed on that picture while a native speaker is saying it.It is going to take a while . There is no such thing as fast-food language . You have to be patient and you have to be dilligent . Repetition in the program is excellent , but the dilligence of the learner is the key to seeing results !
 FileMaker Pro -LSB- FMP -RSB- is without a doubt the best and easiest database software for home or small business users -- far easier to learn and use than Microsoft Access , and great flexibility . Constructing a relational database -LRB- tying together , for instance , client names , invoices , expenses , etc -RRB- is a snap and the Help files really are helpful . Lack of a printed manual -LSB- rather than just a scanned file -RSB- is a downer.As for upgrading from previous versions -LSB- like FMP6 -RSB- is a bummer however , in that the recently introduced -LSB- with version 7 -RSB- security change is utterly frustratirng . Yes , the old * . fp6 files do convert easily and swiftly , but if you ca n't open your old ` flat ' unsecured Rolodex people files because you do n't know the proper password to use , you wo n't be happy . Took me hours to figure it out -- for upgraders at least , the company should have included printed instructions in plain words so you can go right to work . As to upgrading from ver 8.0 to ver 8.5
 i 've been using this fmp for a few months now . i was able to get the general gist of how to use it but personally found taking a class really helped my understanding . the program can do so many things ! well worth the money.however ... one of the books i read on the program `` FileMaker Pro Design & Scripting for Dummies '' stated , `` FileMaker provides full , multiuser support for up to five users without requiring the user to add any additional licenses or patches . '' that statement is misleading . i understood that statement to mean one license would allow five user . not true ! as long as each computer attempting to view the same file has a unique license number , five users can access the same file at the same time . if more than five users at a time are going to be using the file , you 'll need to buy filemaker server .
 When I heard that you could actually insert a Web brower such as IE or Safari right into a database , I was a little skeptical . But after downloading the FileMaker Pro 8.5 free trial and actually doing it , it blew my mind and I purchased the software . I tried doing adding a Web browser to my Access database but I gave up after days of struggling away with a bunch of Active X controls , etc. . Now , I just simply add a URL to a the details of a record and I 've got updated info on the customers I track in my Marketing Research practice . I can also add just about anything to my database records , video clips , digital photos , sound files and I can send off records to my clients in PDFs or in Excel right out of FileMaker . Very cool !
 This program works well . It has a learning curve , although not nearly as steep as other databases . In addition , with versions 7 on up it is trivial to publish your databases to the web.I recommend the quikstart books for getting started with Filemaker . It has no useful documentaion for beginners to databases.It does however integrate beautifully with Excel and has very powerful reporting features . It also works perfectly in a cross platform -LRB- Mac and PC -RRB- environment .
 I 've always been a bit of a technophobe , but as a small business owner , I grew out of spreadsheets long ago and realized I needed a database for invoicing , project management , and other business tasks . The thought of building a database nearly gave me hives but I tried FileMaker Pro and was pleasantly surprised . Templates let me get a jump start on designing my database and now with version 8.5 I 've found it easier than ever to customize menus , use fields and tables , and create relationships between tables to make the database meet my needs . I can also easily export content as PDF files to exchange information with clients or contractors . I love this product ! It makes file sharing and web publishing a breeze .
 We have stretched the power of this program to the limit and we have been able to produce the most amazing databases . This is basically THE program to have if you want a great database . We run it on a Mac and it is fantastic .
 Our small real estate agency -LRB- 5 brokers -RRB- has been on FileMaker Pro 7 for a couple of years now . I hesitated upgrading to FM 8 because we had only just built a couple of solutions using 7 . But then I saw the Web Viewer feature in FileMaker 8.5 and we had to have it . I had heard that upgrading might be a challenge , but it only took about an 45 mins . of work after installation to check that everything worked . We immediately began adding the new features of 8.5 to our apps . We have a customer database which is pretty extensive and shows pictures of their existing homes and images of the types of homes they are looking for . Our other solution ties into the multiple listing service , plus has our own home data files and we included links to Google Earth in the Web Viewer so our customers can log into our `` homes database '' and look at location , lot configuration and how the home is situated on the street . While checking out all the info associated with the listing , our buyers can check out all the images associted with it . Very cool . This has definitely given us the competitive edge against agencies larger than we are . What 's more , we did n't have to hire a consultant to do this - although admittedly I 've been using FileMaker for 2-1/2 years now . The price of this database is an absolute steal given what it 's done for our business .
 This is a deal of a lifetime - you get an easy-to-use program that produces beautiful labels -LRB- I print mine on an Epson 770 inkjet -RRB- , and 5000 clip art images , 100 pre-designed templates -LRB- most are very attractive and professional looking layouts -RRB- and 50 white labels . The applicator tool is also easy-to-use and allows you to perfectly center your labels on your CDs -LRB- I tried this by hand before I got this kit with disastrous results -RRB- . This is all you need to add a professional touch to your music and data CDs . The program that comes with this kit will also make jewel case inserts and splines , but I have n't tested this feature because I use CD envelopes for storage and distribution of CDs .
 I have had this program since 2001 , and I LOVE the features . I recently purchased 2 different CD&DVD ; LabelMaker Programs ; Click N ' Design and Memorex CD & DVD LabelMaker -LRB- Label Refills -RRB- . Though the program may not be what I had expected , I love the 3D graphics and landscapes from the program , however , I ca n't achieve some of the graphic design formats I 'd like to.Professional CD Label Kit is a Great Find . Import your own photo or use the spectacular graphics that grab and capture you . Plus with GlobalStar 's CD Label Kit you do n't have to worry about using a particular type of refill paper . Which seems to be my problem.With the other programs , you need `` special '' label refill paper , and it 's kind of difficult to import graphics from GlobalStar CD Label Kit to their program at times.If you like designing and graphics then this SOFTWARE is what YOU NEED , besides one could use the labels from Global Software , but it 's difficult to use labels from other establishments with Global Star labels.I love this program . I love it so much , that I had to order extra labels in less than 2 months . Global star provides so much more than the competition . Why ? because you get the software with the program , the Label Applicator and 50 White Labels . Yeah some of the others may have some of the same features , but you get additional clip art images and photo objects as well.Excited , ecstatic and a thrilled customer . In fact , I have suggested this product to others.My suggestion . Buy this product . It is a Must .
 I 've been using FileMker Pro since version 3.0 . It is an outstanding database program which is easy to use . Anyone who invests a little bit of time can create a personal database that is easy to use , will help organize your thoughts and make your life easier.I highly recommend this product !
 The more you learn about it and get deep inside it , the more funcionality you will find , and the uses are only limited by your creativity.more than a simple database , it has scripting capabilities that allow u to expandIf you are into larga data/file management this could be very helpful .
 I 've used Maximizer off and on since the 80 's . Sometimes I 've used other things because I hoped `` something better '' would come along -LRB- Like Outlook finally growing up , or ACT ! getting its act together . I 've kept coming back to Maximizer simply because it does more , and does it better . The drawback to Maximizer is that there is little `` if you are a ________ , do things this way ... '' kind of information . There are basically 4 was to approach the system on a day to day basis , and a user needs to decide which approach is their best one and stick with it . One can manage the information by person -LRB- like ACT ! -RRB- or by Company or by sales Opportunity or by Tasks . These are not mutually exclusive -- you can do all of these things simultaneously , its just best to pick one to be your perspective on life ! For example , if your perspective is `` individual person '' then be assured you can start with a person and easily manage all related documents , conversations , emails , to-do items , opportunities , appointments , calls , etc. for that person . If you are managing opportunities , you can likewise easily manage all the people , documents , calls , etc. . The most powerful part of Maximizer is that it can fit into YOUR sales process . The most difficult part of Maximizer is that it expects YOU to have the process for it to adapt to . Success with Maximizer is all about having a process . If you have one -- this system will maximize it beautifully . -LRB- Current version is 9 -RRB-
 There is no simpler method of keeping track of your new or existing clients
 When my cousin and her family arrived from Venezuela to join our family business , I knew that the first thing we needed to do was to teach them English . I asked around and found that the Rosetta Stone was the best program that they used in all the schools here in Miami . We bought the Level One and were soon amazed to see how fast my cousin and her seven year old daughter began to learn English . We all have a lot of fun with this program and it has so many beautiful pictures . Now my cousin is working with us and she is speaking English to the customers . We bought the Level Two which has even more lessons than the Level One , and some of the pictures are little movies ! I would recommend the Rosetta Stone program to anyone who wants to learn English very quickly .
 My boys love this software . Especially my 6 yr . old . It is a little difficult at first to use the program , but once I showed him how to the first time , he had no problems after that . Occasionally the program crashes , but you will get that with any program I guess . Over all they love the game .
 Besides it is a very lightweighted Java IDE -LRB- it runs and compiles really fast -RRB- , it also comes with a lot of nice features ; the debugger is superb , since it is compliant with JPDA architecture it makes you able to debug remotely ... even along high-end application servers -LRB- p.e. WebLogic -RRB- . User interface is also intuitive and very customizable since allows you to define your own JDK configurations and running schemes which is a vital requirement for the professional developer . One of the things I am most impressed of , is about the fact of the setup bundle is available for three different platforms
 THE ROSETTA STONE METHOD OF LEARNING CHINESE IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN OTHER LANGUAGE COURSES DUE TO THE FACT IT TEACHES YOU TO THINK IN THE LANGUATE -- BEATS THE HECK OUT OF REPEATING THE WORDS TIME AND TIME AGAIN .
 I was originally using Rosetta Stone 's Chinese program through online subscription . I went several times through the entire program before I decided that monthly subscription was getting expensive and since I enjoyed going over this program very much I finally decided to purchase it.The online version has Chinese only written with pinyin and I was a little bit disappointed that it did n't have Chinese characters anywhere . When I received the package , I was thrilled and delighted to find that it had two books included and the books had all the material written both with Chinese characters and pinyin . This has taken my enjoyment of this program to a new level.I do need to add that I have purchased numerous other books and programs , so this is not the only one I have been using - and the other books and programs have helped me tremendously in using this one.Working with the entire Pimsleur program first has helped me tremendously in working with Rosetta Stone , as did many other books that deal with grammar and writing . Also , among different dictionaries , one of my favorites is Wenlin 's electronic dictionary as well as NJStar program . Yes , getting all of these programs can get pricey , but they are all well-worth it , especially if you 're learning Chinese on your own . They will serve you for a long time and will make the arduous process of learning Chinese a breeze , allowing you to progress easily and to enjoy the process .
 Does it `` teach ? Yes and no . If your native language is English , the Rosetta Stone method is an acquired taste , since it uses no English , or any other language for that matter , to teach . And you 'll find it more difficult than the traditional word memorization method.HOWEVER , the pronunciation and the listening value of Rosetta Stone Chinese is superb ! I can not emphasize enough how important good voice actors can be for language learning software . China is a very large country with many different dialects . Having a proper northern accent is like the difference of having a Hollywood accent and a Texas redneck accent . The voice actors are the best I 've ever heard , and a zillion times better than Wenlin 's voice actors .5 out of 5 stars ! Not just because they have good voice actors , but because they have IMPECCABLE voice actors . I 've been learning Chinese Mandarin for over 6 years , and my native language is English . This is the only software that will get rid of your accent , if you do n't have time to travel to China .
 I have been a litlle sceptic when I purchased this product but after having been using it for a year I am amazed by the progress I made . With the Rosetta Stone can I not only learn the vocabulary it also forces you to think in the language and to repeat phrases . The different features enable you to chose speaking reading or wrting excersices , in order for you to work on all of these skills seperately until you are satisfied . Why no five stars ? Well unfortunately there 's no way of learning Chinese Kalligraphy on the computer so the only writing excersices are in pinyin which uses the latin alphabeth . But on the whole I can recommend this product to everyone who wants to learn Chinese !
 This product lives up to its hype ! Mandarin , to the English speaker , is so very , very foreign . Before you realize it , Rosetta Stone really does teach you the language in a very simple , go at your own pace way . Rosetta Stone shows pictures of a girl , boy , woman , man , dog , cat , etc. and an accompaning sentence below . Before you realize it , the student learns which word -LRB- s -RRB- mean what and this continues through the lesson into more and more complex situations . Highly recommend the product ! Xei , xei !
 I 'm 11 years old and find the Rosetta Stone Chinese simply the best language learning method program out there . I have been using it for a while now and my Chinese teacher -LRB- Who is Chinese -RRB- Says I speak Chinese like a native , without an Australian accent ! I find it fun and simple to use but very effective . It makes you associate the words with pictures that stay in your mind so you do n't fall in the habit of translating everything.My mother says it 's hideously expensive but after wasting money on cheaper versions she realizes it 's definitely worth it.The Rosetta Stone rocks !
 I was originally using Rosetta Stone 's Chinese program through online subscription . I went several times through the entire program before I decided that monthly subscription was getting expensive and since I enjoyed going over this program very much I finally decided to purchase it.The online version has Chinese only written with pinyin and I was a little bit disappointed that it did n't have Chinese characters anywhere . When I received the package , I was thrilled and delighted to find that it had two books included and the books had all the material written both with Chinese characters and pinyin . This has taken my enjoyment of this program to a new level.I do need to add that I have purchased numerous other books and programs , so this is not the only one I have been using - and the other books and programs have helped me tremendously in using this one.Working with the entire Pimsleur program first has helped me tremendously in working with Rosetta Stone , as did many other books that deal with grammar and writing . Also , among different dictionaries , one of my favorites is Wenlin 's electronic dictionary as well as NJStar program . Yes , getting all of these programs can get pricey , but they are all well-worth it , especially if you 're learning Chinese on your own . They will serve you for a long time and will make the arduous process of learning Chinese a breeze , allowing you to progress easily and to enjoy the process .
 Rosseta Stone 's method of learning a foreign language is the way quite diffrent from other methods taught . As RS explains it , the method is similar to a baby just hearing his / her parent 's utterance in the development of language skill.Indeed , I was surprised to know that only picture and utterance corresponding to it came up on my computer screen when I inserted RS CD in my CD-ROM . I think basically language learning should be like one RS recommends.But if you use your dictionary to reinforce your comprehension of picture and utterance , your language skill will be better honed up . Those who use RS method for language skill are adult individuals and combination of RS with dictonary use , I think , would enhance the learning process.H.Yamaguchi
 Borland has created the most powerful and easiest Java IDE in the world . Nothing comes closer to this . Design your GUI with drag & drop , create server side Java and much more . This is the best there is .
 We 've had lots of fun with this game - it 's neat to sculpt in 3D and play with a 3D mickey mouse . It 's not exactly like the other cool Magic Artists , this is maybe good for older kids because they can understand how neat it is to create art in 3D !
 The way this software works is simple . It shows you four pictures and gives you a word or phrase describing each . Then it will ask you to match up pictures and phrases . Later sets of pictures build on vocabulary learned in earlier lessons to build up more complex phrases.The user interface is one of the easiest to use I 've seen , and the sound and picture quality are better than I 've seen from other language software . The reason I really like this software though is that it is the easiest and most effective learning method I 've found . Rather than trying to memorize words , you hear them used in a bunch of different contexts until their use becomes natural . Also , this method is much better for developing listening comprehension than other methods , which are often mostly visual.This software does n't explain any grammar rules . It merely tries to provide enough examples that they can be inferred from use . I find that having a grammar reference that I can refer to in addition to this software really helps with the trickier bits of the Japanese language , although for many things it is unnecessary.Overall , this software is expensive , but if you are serious about learning Japanese , I would say it is definitely worth the price .
 Through my personal experience this was the perfect program for myself learning the japanese language in a recreational manner . I was not a student learning for credit , but in fact a person with numerous Japanese friends who was planning on moving to Japan soon with some of them . I was not that interested in reading and writing said language , but more in fact interested in better comunications with my friends and the new people I would meet while living in Japan . For this reason this software was perfect . It teaches through a completely visual level . I completely understand why some of the other reviews have critism . This is not a program I believe that is very efficent in conjunction with a collegiate course , but more for the beginings of basic everyday communication in this language . It has also helped tremendously to have a slew of Japanese friends to help me along the way , but with this software I have moved leaps and bounds in my understanding of this language . I have always been notoriously horrible at college language courses , and was quite intimidated at the thought of learning a new language . However , with the help of my friends and this program I have now become quite a casual speaker of the language , and I recomend it to anyone who wishes to accomplish the same goals as I did . Once again I must state though ... THIS IS NOT A GOOD PROGRAM FOR COLLEGATE STUDY OF THE JAPANESE LANGUAGE , BUT AMAZING FOR THE BASIC AUDITORY COMPREHENSION OF THE LANGUAGE . I hope my take on this software has helped in some way .
 You know that a child does n't learn a language overnight . However they do learn their first language with out anyone really explaing to them what this word or that word means.This program uses the same concept of learning . You learn by looking at pictures and actions , and you try to understand what is going on and attribute that to the sound that you hear.Overall this is great !! It works , and is very comprehensive however it takes alot of patience and work.If you want to learn a language fast and do n't need to know so many words then this program is not for you . However if you do n't mind waiting and going through many lessons , and getting a comprehensive understand of the language then this program is for you.In the end it really depends on your needs .
 This software works great for me . I am very lazy , and this program is the only way I can force myself to study . I have already passed Japanese Language Proficiency Test Level 4 and this year I will take Level 3 . I have never taken any Japanese class , all my achievements are thanks to this software .
 These are just a few of my observations from over ten years of research using this and other tools.First off , anyone who thinks this is just a tool to ` tell the future ' is sadly mistaken . You can not tell the future with this , nor should you try.Secondly , this is only ONE key to the Torah , ELS - equidistant letter sequencing is only ' a key ' not ` the key ' . Thirdly , you need to study a lot more than just this software program about the Torah to understand anything that is going on with what is presented by this software . You should have a good set of Hebrew dictionaries handy , also a good Hebrew word-processor program at your disposal.Fourthly ; any code you ` discover ' you must remember , has been in this text from the writing down of these texts and their compilation into the form we use today . Do not let these statements detract from the fact that this is a useful software , very useful . Just make sure you understand this is not a game and certainly not a ` fortune telling ' tool ... The Torah is a sacred set of documents and should be treated as such.Respectfully submitted for your consideration .
 Does a fair job of custom maps - not as goo as I 'd like , but adaquate for the price
 I ca n't say enough about this program . If you read any of the other reviews I 've submitted , you 'll see I 've tried a bunch pf editing software over the past several months . You 'll also notice that I do photography professionally and that I use Adobe Photoshop 5.5 -LRB- now 6.0 -RRB- for much of my work . At this point , I 'm wondering why . Do n't get me wrong , Adobe Photoshop is the Granddaddy of them all and a beautiful program , but there 's a big learning curve and the need for some deep pockets . PhotoImpact does n't require either of those . I got into the Ulead products with the 4.2 version that came with my H/P PhotoSmart scanner . Then I went to PhotoImpact 5.0 and loved it . Now 6.0 is what I use the most even over Photoshop . The program is much easier to use , it 's loaded with palletes and effects , and the album feature is a Godsend . And it will take Photoshop plug-ins if I want to use them . As far as learning Photoshop or PhotoImpact , think about it ... go to your local bookstore and see how many volumes are on the shelves to teach you how to use Photoshop . It 's mind boggling ! Then look for a book on PhotoImpact . You probably wo n't find one . I wish I knew why . Is it ignorance towards the program , or do the people that write these tutorial encyclopedias agree that Ulead 's manual that comes with the program does an adequate job of giving you the basics and explaining all the fuctions ? The manual is good , but there is a book out there that was written for PhotoImpact 4.2 , but will work for 5.0 and 6.0 . The only real difference between them all is the relocation of some of the functions . Basically , the programs all work the same . There are some additions to 6.0 that you 'll have to learn on your own because they are n't in this 4.2 book . By the way , the book is called `` Fun with PhotoImpact 4.2 '' and was written by Stephanie Baker-Thomas . I got a copy from Amazon.com . There is an excellent book for PhotoImpact 6.0 called `` PhotoImpact Solutions '' and can be ordered directly from Muskel & Lipman publishing.Although I do photography professionally , I still like to forget that now and then and have fun with my pictures as well , and for that , PhotoImpact 6.0 comes with Uleads `` Drop Spot '' which puts an icon on your desktop which will then connect you to imira.com which is Uleads site for you to put you pictures on the web for all to see . Nice extra ! That too is a breeze to use . You can email directly from the program , do a slide show in the album mode , scan directly into the album or the editing program , and do just about anything you want once you 're in there.I 'm not going to go on and on with this . I think I 've made my point . This is a great program at a great price that 's easy to use and seems to always work . I 've had no problems with errors , illegal operations , crashes or anything else like I 've experienced with some editing programs . In short , if you want to have some fun with your pictures as well as do some serious editing and playing around with web design , buy this program . You wo n't be sorry .
 I 've used Ulead PhotoImpact for my web images ever since Ulead came out with version 4.2 , and I liked the fact that it was built for people who were doing things on the web . It 's easy and offers ample features for both image editing and optimization.With each new version , I 'm impressed with the thought they put into their upgrades , offering the customer features that he or she may not have even thought of before.I 've come to expect this from Ulead and have yet to be surprised by what they come out with ... until now.I could n't believe it when I realized that I could ouput complete HTML pages seamlessly to the web , and I 'm not talking about just image-based pages ; I can actually output HTML text and Java rollovers ... not to mention the built-in image slicing capabilities.Unbelievable ... unprecedented ... awesome.I 'm curious to see what comes out in the next version , because I do n't know if they can top this.Fred Clogy Web Designer
 After using the trial version of PhotoImpact 6 , I bought this program for photo image editing . In my experience , software that really works , does what you want it to do , and does n't crash regularly is rare . Ulead 's products are excellent and dependable . I 'm amazed that I have not heard of the company before . The image editing capabilities are more than I need for amateur digital photography . I am looking forward to learning about web graphics using this software . Take it from a critical user
 If you want a complete art set-up for your computer , I 'd recommend the Adobe package but Photo Impact 6.0 is the best bargain out there for those that do not need extended options . It 's surprising how many features this software has considering it 's low price -LRB- compared to other art programs -RRB- . If you 're willing to stick with . GIF animation and would like user-friendly help on graphics , this program is the best bet for you . The special effects options are creative and save you time and effort . I have n't had any crashing problems and I 've owned it for half a year . When I first downloaded the software , my Windows software was missing a file needed for Ulead , and the support team sent me the file the day after my support email which makes me think that the customer support is efficient enough for any problems you might encounter .
 I think the program is great . I do n't know much about graphics , but PhotoImpact is well-designed and - suited for web images -LRB- which is why I got this program . -RRB- I give Four Stars for a couple of reasons . I think the product itself deserves a five-star rating . Although the overall design is unconventional -LRB- if you are used to Microsoft Office 's way of things -RRB- , I like its uniqueness . I like its manual that it tells you how to customize -LRB- by setting preferences -RRB- the product to your own liking after a brief introduction in the first chapter . That 's a sign of user-oriented design in my mind . You can tell that the product is web-oriented since there is a menu dedicated only for this purpose . -LRB- On the other hand , Paint Shop Pro 7 has this feature scattered around the program , it 's difficult to find the quick 'n' easy ways to manipulate graphics for the web . -RRB- I think the price is just right for what PhotoImpact is capable of . The program is intuitive enough , but you will get a lot better understanding if you dig through the features yourself with some help from Online Help.The negative factors are Ulead 's support and the lack of available resources . While I was shopping around for a web graphics product , I contacted both Ulead and Jasc . Ulead took forever to answer my inquiries . The phone support is not toll-free . Although Ulead did eventually answer them , I am not confident that my technical issues will be answered promptly . I am guessing on this , but since PhotoImpact is probably not well-known as Photoshop or Paint Shop Pro , the general resources , on the web , books , the newsgroup , are not as abundant as for other products . That 's a shame , since I think PhotoImpact is better than either one.Despite those annoyances , if you are looking for a web graphics product with a different flavor , I highly recommend PhotoImpact 6 .
 Photo Impact 6.0 is incredible ! As wonderful as version 5.0 is -LRB- was -RRB- , the new version is even better . In my review of Photo Impact 5.0 , I listed some of its many great aspects , especially its user-friendliness and intuitive interface , which helps new users learn how to use it quickly . Now version 6 is even better because ULead has made web site development just as intuitively easy as photo editing ! Add text , photos , clipart , whatever - and easily convert it to HTML and to the web in a flash . Web page layout and development has never been so easy or complete in one package , with the added bonus of outstanding image editing !
 Over the years I 've tried many image editing software packages including Adobe Photoshop LE , Photoshop Elements -LRB- which I 'm currently trying out -RRB- , PhotoDeluxe , PhotoPaint , Picture It , Kai Soap , MGI Suite , Corel Photo House , and a few others . While most have some appealing feature , or set of features , I 've found that PhotoImpact strikes the best balance between depth , relative easy of use and price.I often see reviews that classify Photoimpact with the lightweight packages - such as early versions of Picture It or MGI Photosuite . That 's a pretty good tip off that the reviewer has not actually used PhotoImpact . The program has a lot of depth and capabilities.There are excellent retouching tools such as dodge , burn , scratch removal , sharpen etc. that can be applied directly to the image instead of using masks . The program has considerable control over size , shape , threshold and opacity of brush . It has terrific `` undo '' capabilities which are lacking in many programs . Layering capabilities are quite sophisticated . It also has the ability to work with smaller portions of files , when the file size becomes unwieldy.I 've found that Photoimpact is much easier to use than photoshop LE or Photopaint . I 'm currently comparing it to Photoshop Elements -- which is an interesting program and probably aimed at competing with PhotoImpact . But I find Photoimpact 's interphase works better . P Elements has a very cluttered interphase . What appears to be an excellent feature in Elements -- Recipe -- is diminished by the fact that the Recipe guides -LRB- instructions -RRB- disappear everytime you take a step -- I 'm sure this will be fixed in the next version . The Retouching tools in Photoimpact are better designed and implemented . Overall , it seems as if Photoimpact has more depth.Compare the Photoimpact Album with the file viewer capability in Elements . In Elements , the images take forever to load . In Photoimpact the images are loaded very quickly , and when you re-open an album they appear instantaneously.Photoimpact is best known for its Web tools . But I must admit that I simply use it as a photo editor.The $ ... version of Photoshop may have some features found no where else -- used in by professional photographers , printers and publishers . But for everyone else , I do n't think there is an image editor that beats Photoimpact .
 While not as powerful or complete as PhotoPaint or Photoshop , PhotoImpact does just about everything a user could want in a graphics program . It covers the basics such as scanning and downloading pictures from a digital camera -LRB- there are even separate buttons for the scanner and camera , no constant reselecting of the TWAIN drivers -RRB- and automatic and manual post-processing and retouching of the images . There are great tools for creating images from scratch and some dynamite special effects that really work . All of this is done in a simple and approachable user interface . The manual covers just about everything and includes lots of illustrations.While I prefer PhotoPaint for certain operations , I will always go to PhotoImpact first because it is so nice to use.Unless you are a graphics professional , this is the only program of its type you are likely to need .
 No names mentioned - I must confess
 First of all , I 've never used Photoshop . Considering how difficult everyone says it is to use and its expensive price tag , I have n't exactly been eager to try it . Mostly I use Adobe Photodeluxe instead , which is good for most things , but Photo Impact has a few features that I have n't seen before . One that I love is the Beautify Skin feature . Let 's say that you have otherwise great picture but the person in the photo has a sunburn , for example . Using this feature , you can fix that without changing the rest of the picture . Brilliant!Another thing I like is button designer . I have spent hours looking through graphic libraries on the net , searching for that perfect button to use on my web page . Now I do n't need to do that-I can create my own in minutes . Or I can use one of the template buttons and customise it by changing the colour , adding text , a drop shadow , hyperlink and a transparent background . There are other things I could mention too , but I 'll let you find out for yourself.Ignore the other reviewers who said that the program is awful . It 's not . I 'm a relative beginner myself , but I found it pretty straightforward to use . All you need is a little time and patience and you 'll figure it out . If you 're not sure about buying it , download the trial version first . That 's what I did , and it 's convinced me to buy the full program . So really , there 's no reason not to use this .
 Previously , I have used more limited U-lead products bundled with my scanner . I was satisfied with their performance , but felt the need for more capabilities to edit photos and drawings for my educational websites.The new program , Photoimpact , more than justifies the purchase . In particular , its capability to optimize images for inclusion in websites makes it a `` Must-have '' for the website author . My ownly negative is that it takes a while to load . But I can tolerate that in view of the time I save editing images .
 UP6 have a better performance than previous versions . This software had been very friendly user since the earlier versions , and this edition is the best example of an easy software to create great designs without having to be a pro.I recommend it , blindly .
 ordered product and got fast confirmation and fast delivery .
 I love PhotoImpact , but before you buy this version , you should be warned that a newer 7.0 version is now available.As for the program itself , it does everything Photoshop does , but at a fraction of the price . Plus the user interface is easier to understand and master . No doubt , this is the program you 've been looking for , especially if you make graphics for the web.Some samples : -- has a handy image compression tool for images that will be used on the web . You can see in real-time the effect that the compression will have on the file , so you can adjust accordingly . -- save out an entire image cut-up into pieces for use on your web site . It will even create the HTML for you ! -- automatically create buttons -- automatically add shadows and all sorts of effects to your text
 I was n't planning on writing a review of this software , but I could n't stand seeing it maligned by people incapable of using it . I find this tool extremely vaulable in creating graphics for my web pages . There is a learning curve if you 've never used a Ulead product before , but graphics are graphics , and some skills can be carried over if you 're used to using other graphic software . I 've progressed from version 3.0 to 5.0 and now 6.0 . and found each version much more versatile than the previous one . Sure , Photoshop -LRB- the full-blown version -RRB- may do some things better , but I do n't care to drop a car payment on a piece of software that will be updated before I 've gotten my money 's worth out of it . PhotoImpact allows you to get professional graphics tools at a reasonable price . And . . , you wo n't feel ripped-off if you decide to upgrade to the next version when it becomes available . A paintbrush is of no use to a plumber , so if you 're satisfied with software labelled `` deluxe '' or `` lite '' , then do n't waste your money on this . If you 're willing to take the time to learn how to do things for yourself -LRB- resist the manual if you can , hands on is always best -RRB- , then give this a spin .
 I have been using PhotoImpact for several months and it is a lot of fun to use . With all the options that this product has , there is going to be a real learning curve , but do n't let that put you off , keep the manuel handy and play with it . The selection tools are great and so are the touch up tools . I 've used it to touch up and modify many pictures and most of the special effects allow you to get quite expressive . Some of the special effects , however are a little gemicky and of little practicle use , at least from my standpoint.Things that one might want to get with this ? One is a pressure sensitive pad with a stylus to take full advantage of it 's retouching capabilities . You will also need a powerful CPU , I 'd say at least a gig , and plenty of memory . Remember , graphics can take up a lot of space , so a large hard drive is nice too.If you use it , you 'll love it . If you love it , you 'll want to update to the lates version.Doug Lester
 ... I 've used PhotoImpact back before it was called that -LRB- and did n't know what I was using , I just knew I liked it better than some others I had used -RRB- . I did n't learn what I had been using was PhotoImpact untill I got PhotoImpact4 . LOL I 've tried Corel , Print Artist -LRB- althoug Print Artist is n't an imaging editing program , I do use it , too -RRB- , PaintShop < ? > , MGI , PhotoDeluxe , the JASC program , and various others that come with this printer , or that printer or this scanner and that . I 've never used Photo Shop , do n't think I want to , way to expensive , and from what I have heard , hard . I 've never had any formal training with any graphic program , and I really like PhotoImpact better than any of the others , you can just do so much more with it . The rage today is scrapbooking . I have n't actually gotten into that , at least the way most do it . Takes tooooo much time and hubby gets a bit antsy with all that stuff in the living room or dining room or kitchen , scattered around and I just do n't do it well . But , I have been doing my `` scrapbooking '' on the computer with my PhotoImpact . They turn out WONDERFUL ! I print up two of my pages each time , one for me and one for my mom , and put them in sheet protectors and insert into a binder . After I started working where I am now employed , I took some pictures and printed them up and posted them on the bulletin board and the walls in the hall and people just love them and think they turned out so wonderful , and they DID ! Having a very nice printer helps , too ...
 Best price/performance image and web editing software on the market . I add in web because if you are looking for extras like rollover effects and other neat javascript effects for the web , this package has great stuff that the others -LRB- Paintshop Pro -RRB- does n't have and ca n't touch . The graphic tools are much easier to use than PSP and , unless you are the highest of high end Photoshop users , will not ever need to use Photoshop . The price is 1/6 that of Photoshop and the extras in this package , especially the web optimizers and special features will make you not miss it . Filters are incredible , ease of use highly improved . Go for it ... . given the price it 's a no brainer . Note , version 7 is already out .
 I have only started to explore Photo Impact , and I find it easier to use than Paint Shop Pro . For basic photo editing , I am finding it much easier than PSP . I especially like its Visual Open browser and the various printing options for multiple photos on a single page . But I have to say the red eye remover -LRB- which is a `` core task '' -RRB- is incredibly cumbersome and easy to make mistakes on . Plus , the documentation on removing red eye is absolutely lousy . The manual is not bad -LRB- I 'm a technical writer -RRB- , but I tend to agree that it is a step-by-step manual without an explanation of how to do basic things . Why , for example , did the manual not have a section on reducing the file size on your image and deciding the best format to use for certain tasks ? But the online help tutorials , both from Ulead and other people , are pretty good . Batch conversion manager is pretty basic though . Overall
 I really hate to spend a lot of money for anything and I shope around . I bought this product because I thought it had the best features for the price . I wanted to make sure it had a gif animator and it did.I will have to admit that this product is definitely not for novices and there is a learning curve . I would think this product is of professional grade . There are some great home edition products for novices like the photo editors that come bundled when you purchase a digital camera or when you buy digital prints on a CD , etc.We had a pile of pictures taken through the years of our children and I wanted to make a collage out of them . I scanned the pictures in and created a 20 X 30 collage out of them using this product . I uploaded the collage to Ofoto -LRB- Amazon 's Photo site - the best I found !! -RRB- and had a 20 X 30 print made out of it . It came out just great !! If you 're patient and willing to learn the concepts of this product than it is great and the sky is the limit of what you can do with it . You 'll never use all features of this product.I am only giving it fours stars just to draw attention to my review to say that it is a complex product . I am sure that people who gave low marks really did not want to take the time to read the manual and/or understand the concepts .
 I started out with V4 .2 , so I 'm pretty used to navigating through the editing process quickly . I 'm much faster with it than in Photoshop , BTW . Nothing much has changed , just some improvements with the web design part of it . I use it strictly for photography . It 's fast , the undo arrow is right above your work and goes back I think 6-7 steps if you do n't like what you did . It 's a dependable , solid program that 'll still be useful in years to come . Maybe Win XP has something to do with it , but I ca n't complain about XP either .
 This is a very detailed program . This is the reason I only gave it 4 stars -LRB- it is complex -RRB- . The help menu and manual are detailed and believe me you will use them . PhotoImpact 6 has it all from special effects to a complete web page building tool.It can really eat up space on your hard-drive if you install full . But if your looking for a complete photo or web page building program this is a great product . And you ca n't beat the price .
 I wo n't go into too much detail because the previous reviews said much of what I belive . I can say I have been using the PhotoImpact series for years and it is always easy and fun and produces good results . I perfer PhotoImpact to Photoshop . Soon PhotoImpact 7 will be out and I 'll get that too . I started using the series with version 3 something that came with my scanner . I have been hooked ever since !
 PowerFinder is the quickest , easiest to use and most accurate phone directory we have found . And we have reviewed many , including on-line services .
 This is my third year of purchasing these discs , and although there are things I do n't really like , they serve my purposes very well . If you want to use this product for mass marketing , be warned that you can only print a limited number of mailing labels from the program before you have to call the company and pay extra to increase the number you can print . Since I use it to clarify address information and to located specific individuals and businesses , printing labels is not a problem . The program provides search capabilities far superior to online address websites . You can search by name , address , phone , zip code or business type , and reverse-search by many of these same fields . Online address/phone search engines simply do n't compare . I can look up all the Bubba Smiths in the entire state of Texas , or look at every business or residence on a particular street . The reviews below mention that the program is slow , but I do n't have that problem . In fact , some of the problems with last year 's release seem to have been fixed this time around . Registration is much easier , and the program no longer opens up a browser window taking you to the InfoUSA website . Still , there are a number of promotional screens that you have to close whenever you start or stop the program . Overall , you might be disappointed if you want to do mass marketing , but for regular searches , this program is a huge asset .
 This product save me tremendous amount of time , by having all the information of every city I travel to in one compact CD .
 Even though the topos maps are dated , this is an excellent product . It allows you to mark ` waypoints ' do real time GPS tracking and moves quickly from map to map . Just remember that when you move so far you may have to change CD 's , but that is not an issue unless you are working near the cutoff point.Overall , very pleased and use them a lot .
 Undecided on which Open Source operating system to use ? Wan na try them all before commiting to one ? Well this package is perfect for you . It comes with 6 discs containing the following :1 -RRB- Slackware 7.12 -RRB- RedHat 6.23 -RRB- Mandrake 7.14 -RRB- FreeBSD 4.05 -RRB- Linux Software Archives6 -RRB- Slackware Source & More Software ArchivesThese distrobutions are little older , but all very usable and all come with online docs . With a simple kernel upgrade and your ready to go . . play , explore , and learn -- then pick the operating system that best suites your needs.This package is a must have for any one interested in trying the new wave of Open Source operating systems , but not quite sure which one to buy , why not get all the top distrobutions and a BSD flavor -LRB- FreeBSD -RRB- for one great price .
 There are those who believe that you should n't bother buying LiveMotion because it does n't have the advanced features of it 's closest competitor , Macromedia Flash . These people would be wrong . First of all , you should n't compare LiveMotion and Flash . Any serious web designer should have both tools in their arsenal . But if you are a beginner or a small business owner doing their own website , this tool will make it possible to create compelling web pages quickly . The interface is very user friendly and you can have an animation working within 30 minutes of opening the box . It 's an incredible program that I use on a daily basis . It is not the solution for advanced ActionScripting but it will do wonders for everyday animation projects as well as help automate some of the tedious graphics tasks involved in designing web sites .
 Although I do n't own the trilogy , I own all the games seperately and can tell you that Creatures 2 is the best.Basically , you hatch these cute little creatures called norns . You can name , take photos and raise your norns.Your norns live in a world called Albia which is covered in all sorts of strange wildlife and contraptions.After you have named your norns , you can start to teach them language . You can use the learning machines to do this or you can pick up an item and wave in front of their face and type in what it is.Your norns can speak , play , eat , drink and even express their feelings e.g
 In these games , there is not only the `` game '' , but also you can develop new agents , COBS and creatures genomes ! In Creatures 1 , Developping was very limited , but the norns were more amusing , more real . In Creatures 2 , the original genome was horrible , but the third party developers created AMAZING genomes such as Mernorns , Canny norns and all . In Creatures 3 , developement possibilities are really illimited ! I would really suggest Creatures 3 for developping , and Creatures 1 for fun . However Creatures 2 is good , as it 's behind to two :-RRB- This game is excellent , and it 's even better as a trilogy !
 Where to begin ? Okay practicality first
 I did not buy them all together . I started with 1 . It was a cute game , and I loved the fact that it was always changing through other users on the web . The ` norns ' are absolutely adorable , and after they have had kids , you get to see the different combinations . The second was even better , New creatures , bigger world , and even the curious little ` ettins ' . Cyberlife really is creative . This was a great game . The third blew the other two away . The doors , new , and more terrifying grendels , the theiving ettins , all contributed to the wonder of the world that they lived in . The norns truly interact in the third one . The entire ecosystem is in your hands , so you have more to worry about than just keeping your norns happy . I hope you enjoy them as much as I did .
 I bought the first game right after it came out , and have n't stopped loving it since . As soon as you start playing it , you will fall in love with the norns , be frightened by the grendels , and laugh at the ettins . One thing 's for sure - you 'll never stop playing . The Creatures trilogy is a must have for everyone .
 This is the BEST series of games ever ! I 'm Lindsay , your host - oh , wait . This is n't an infomercial.In Creatures -LRB- 1 -RRB- , you take care of the Norns and keep them safe from the Grendels . -LRB- Actually , you can train the Grendels to be nice to the Norns . -RRB- There are about 5 breeds in the game -LRB- In C1 bought by itself there 's 4 , but the Forest and Ron norns are in the Life Kit included with the trilogy . YAY ! -RRB- - The Banana Norn -LRB- which is not banana-like at all -RRB- , White-Haired Norn -LRB- My FAVORITE ! -RRB- , Horse Norn , Ron Norn , and Forest Norn . There are also the Grendels , which are green and ugly . They hit your norns normally and are supposed to spread disease -LRB- though my norns have never gotten sick from a grendel ... -RRB- , but as I said , you can train them.Creatures 2 is more difficult than C1 , because of two things
 I actually got all three Creatures games seperate and they are the Bomb ! The norns are like totolly cute ! The grendels are way cool ! And the ettins are total bubble butts , but they are cute too . The worlds are like out of this world ! I 'm telling you it 's really worth buying this product believe me these games are going to make you begging for more !
 I like Creatures trilligy . Creatures and Creatures 2 need work.I wish I could hold my Norns hand.And in Creatures I wish the wourld was bigger . Creatures 3 is great ! No conplants about that . Thouh I do n`t reckemed it to 5,6,7 , and some 8 year old children.It might be to coplicated .
 this game will blow your yop off you can be any age to play this its so cool i could play this for the rest of my life . ps the norns are so cute .
 i love this game . . But ... why didnt you make it on windows xp ? its not fair !!!! im so angry . . you know i used to have windows like hp . . and stuff . . but now i have windows xp . . i need windows xp !!
 3 -- all three ... that 's a pretty good deal for around ... bucks ; I think . I have loved this game and all the other added sequels for about 3 or 4 years now and I 'm still totally into it .
 I bought creatures 1 when it first came out , than creatures 2 . I have n't bought creatures 3 yet and my first cd got dropped , and cracked . But these games in a pack must be the best thing ever made . I will probably buy it even though I already have c2 .
 With over 50 games in our children 's software collection , nothing comes close to the imaginative world of Creature 's Playground . The game has a particularly simple theme
 Creatures Playground give you a chance to feed , play , ex.a creature called a norm.I thought this game was a great game ! And if you enjoyed the sim games and petz games you 'll love it too !
 Cretures Playground is good.You do n`t have to worry about grendels like in other Creatures games.The merger is great!You can go more places.But at the end of your Norns life it ` s boring.It has good pictures.You really feel like your the Mother or Father.You can hold your Norns hand too . If your child likes animals your child will looove Creatures Playground !!!!
 i love this game i have never seen a game this cool in my life heres the catch you start off hatching ur very own norn and u have to raise them you have to teach them how to open doors and come to u when u feed them and you cant let them gett sick the weather changes and you have real cool plces you can take them like you can take them to a theme park bulid a roller coster and you can make ur own food food for them name them and do all these really cool stuff well if u want to see and enjoy the rest of the game buy it it is really worth it
 This game is so cool , you can hatch your own Norn to play with and watch grow . It 's a VERY fun game .
 Best price I found anywhere of this software . Arrived ontime and was what I ordered .
 I was nervous about buying anything off the enternet , since this was my first time , but the product arrived quickly and it worked . This program also will read autocad documents .
 I confess . I am an educational software program junkie , and my children have been using a wide variety of different programs from a relatively early age.This program has been one of my children 's favorites , and has seen very heavy use . This program has been age appropriate for most kids at 7-8 , but not beyond their reach at 6 . The program also does n't lose interest at 9 -LRB- or even 10 - my 10 year old will work with my 7 year old on this program and enjoy it -RRB- . In terms of learning , this program is solid , as good as its competitors or better . At the same time , this is not the kind of educational work-out they 'd get from more heavily supervised teaching , and the program has limits , since there is an urge to repeat what they are successful at over and over . In my view , some significant repeitition is useful , and increases a child 's fluency and confidence , but the program is sufficiently addictive so that they keep using it long after they 've gotten most of what they can from it . It would be useful to build a cleaner bridge to the next Reading Blaster -LRB- which they have not enjoyed as much -RRB- to help with this issue.Used with supervision , I think this is one of the best products out there . Highly recommended .
 ANYTHING TO GET CHILDREN TO READ IS WONDERFUL , AND THSES ARE THE TOP OF THE LINE
 My son is enjoying this CD-Rom very much . He is a beginner reader and is learning his phonics and how to put sound combinations together . This is an extremely helpful tool for him as he progresses in his reading ability . And as a parent , this takes the pressure off a little when I sit with him to help him read as he is mastering a lot of the skills himself . Which in turn does wonders for his self-esteem as he learns to read .
 I am a teacher tutoring a student on the side . I was looking for software that would help my weekend student become an eager reader . He loves Reading Blaster . His regular teacher has stated that he is trying to figure out more words on his own . This is only after using the game for a week!I love the way it helps with phonics development and the games are fun . The games help to increase reading speed and encourage the user to find the correct answer.The program also contains 10 stories that can be read aloud by the programAnother great part of the software is the `` B-Mail '' . The user can put together an e-mail with a pre-made form . the `` B-Mail '' is answered by one of the characters . There is even a function that will read it for the child who is not yet ready .
 great for reading skill building ! My 5 year old is computer literate and is a beginning reader with basic phonics skills and very limited word recognition . This game provides a truly fun way to enhance sentence structure understanding , phonetic spelling , punctuation and word recognition . I think it will be a challenge for a LONG time .
 My 6 year old son enjoys playing this game quite a bit and has not figured out yet that it is a `` learning game '' -LRB- as soon as he qualifies something as that he no longer wants to play it -RRB- . It generally will hold his attention for about a half hour and he will play it maybe once every week or two .
 My 5 yr old and I play this together . He loves the different options in games and the challenges . It has introduced new words and showed him how to use them .
 My bilingual 5-year old loves this program ! As with all the Jump Start programs , it is well designed with friendly characters and fun games , and is based on solid educational theory . It is a quality program . My son is really motivated to earn `` globe pieces '' so that he can watch video clips about one of the countries . He has learned the numbers from one to ten in all the languages , as well as alot of vocabulary -LRB- clothes and food -RRB- . He also enjoys the songs in the puppet shows , and has memorized most of them.This program does n't teach grammar , only vocabulary and culture . Your child does n't need to be able to read , as all the games use pictures and instructions are given orally . Some of the games require written number recognition -LRB- 1-10 -RRB- . And your child should already know how to use a mouse and understand the basics of computer games , such as the `` back button '' . Overall , I highly recommend this game !
 I was a little skeptical at first , but after seeing my 4 yr old play I knew it was a good buy . He 's 7 now and still plays .
 My grandparents bought me this game for my 7th birthday , having owned Jump Start Spanish for years and being fluent in that language already , this helped me freshen up my Spanish vocab . a bit and also taught me Japanese and French ! Within weeks , I was speaking these 3 aforementioned languages everywhere , on the bus , at school , even during weekends . My teachers and my parents were so impressed with me ! To help kids learn a foreign language , buy this game and Jump Start Spanish ! They 'll be speaking like pros in no time flat ! As stated before , this will teach kids foreign languages better than Muzzy can !!! Move over , Muzzy , you 've got competition !!
 I love this game!You get to choose from Spanish , English , French or Japanese.One of the things I like about that it has a game like simon from 1978 . It teaches kids to find stuff and move the clock.I 'd highly recommend this product for ages 2 and up . I would give this game 5 stars .
 My son the opportunity to listen more languages . Thank you . .
 Peachtree Complete Accounting 2003 is the latest version of a very solid accounting application . Unfortunately Peachtree has still done very little to overcome its lack of user friendliness in this version.I have used Peachtree Accounting for about 8 years now . I am happy with its capabilities , but it is not particularly user friendly . Despite efforts to improve it with the addition of `` Peachtree Today '' , a point and click user navigation guide , it is still cumbersome to get around . The account reconciliation program for balancing your checkbooks is still unwieldy and difficult to use.I have an MBA and a strong accounting background and it definitely helps in using this program . I think this is more of a useful tool for accountants or professional bookkeepers than your average entrepreneurial Joe running his own small business . For that type of user , I would probably recommend QuickBooks.Peachtree is far superior for keeping track of inventory and its payroll features are excellent . It also has a job costing feature that I use that I do n't think can be matched by any other software in its price range.Peachtree 2003 concentrates mostly on report changes from earlier versions , adding a drill down feature which is useful but not revolutionary . However , the ponderous day to day entry and output functions remain largely unchanged . I upgraded from 8.0 , which is two years older and the upgrade was still not worth the money . For those who currently have 7.0 , or later I would recommend that you save your money and NOT upgrade.Another reason not to upgrade is the payroll lockout . In older versions of Peachtree , the payroll deduction tables were included in the software and the user could edit the tables each year as the payroll publications were published by the state and federal governments . Now , the payroll tables are not included and they have locked the user out from editing the tables , forcing you to spend another couple of hundred dollars on their payroll tax add-on . This effectively doubles the price of the software for most companies . In my case , I already had the tax tables for 2002 correctly updated and it erased the update and locked me out . When I complained about this to customer service they were unsympathetic and told me my only solution was to purchase the tax module.For those considering Peachtree for the first time there are some caveats . If you are an intermediate to expert computer user and have a strong knowledge of accounting , or do a lot of job costing or work with inventories , this is an excellent tool . But it is clearly not for everyone . If you do n't need some of these features , or if you want the program to demystify accounting and make it easy , you might want to look for a product that is easier to use or more appropriate to your accounting needs .
 I 've used computer accounting systems from those running on mainframe computers in the early 70 ' through DOS and now Windows for the PC . For my own businesses , I 've used Peachtree Complete for Windows since their very first Windows offering -LRB- which curiously was Version 2.0 -RRB- . I think it is superior to other similarly priced software - by a substantial margin.No bookkeeping system , whether it is a Big Chief tablet , a souped up check register like Quicken or any other software , is going to make an accountant out of a sow 's ear . The production of reasonably accurate financial records and Financial Statements requires dedication and some understanding of accounting concepts and processes . That said , Peachtree does a pretty good job of isolating the user from the exoterics of double entry accounting through the use of on screen `` forms '' for check writing , invoicing , etc. -LRB- but every such screen has a menu option you can click on to see your entry in debit/credit `` journal '' format -RRB- . Peachtree is a double entry , General Ledger based system - that is to say the full detail of every transaction , from whatever source -LRB- accounts payable , payroll , etc. -RRB- , is posted directly to the General Ledger . There are no optional stand alone modules ; General Ledger , Accounts Receivable -LRB- sales -RRB- , Accounts Payable -LRB- purchases -RRB- , Payroll , Inventory and Time & Billing are all integral parts of the system.My favorite feature of Peachtree is its reporting capability . Just about any report one can dream up can be generated . Provided one takes the time to learn how . Learning is impeded by the fact that there are three different kinds of `` reports '' - Financial Statements , Forms , and Reports , each of which has its own system of modification . The integral `` Report Wizard , of questionable value - it is certainly no substitute for learning how to use the report designer An optional extra cost version of Crystal Reports that integrates into Peachtree is available . In addition , any report Peachtree generates can be `` dumped '' into a spreadsheet for further massage simply by clicking the Excel icon on the toolbar.Financial statements can be designed with up to 30 columns and almost any date range and subset of data -LRB- such as departments , enterprises , regions , etc. -RRB- The structure of financial statements is not tied to the order of the account numbering scheme.Two fiscal years of detail are always `` open '' in which you can edit , add or delete transactions . If you discover you had made an error in posting in the past , you can go back to the original transaction and correct the error -LRB- as opposed to making a correcting journal entry -RRB- . If you are in an environment where these sorts of changes need to be tracked , there is an option to activate the `` Audit Trail '' that logs when a person enters data , maintains -LRB- edits -RRB- existing data , and removes data . Password protection , down to screen level , can be implemented.This IS a Windows program , so it is very mouse aware . Fortunately , since keyboarding is usually faster , almost all data entry tasks can be accomplished using the keyboard for navigation and entry . You can go from Peachtree 's opening screen to posting a purchase to creating , posting and printing the check to pay the vendor while adding/editing accounts , vendors , etc. along the way without having to use the mouse.Payroll functions are very good . In addition to the basics -LRB- printing W-2 forms , state & federal reports etc. -RRB- , you can set up 401k deductions , maintain important dates , track vacation time , etc. . Peachtree aggressively markets its Payroll Tax service but it is fairly easy to update the tax tables yourself . At least for now . Beginning about version 8.0 users have been locked out of the `` global '' or default tax tables . Fortunately , the user can also set up and maintain Company Tax Tables . The Payroll Tax service only updates the Global Tables ; if the appropriate information has been entered in the Company Tax Tables , these will be the ones used by the in your payroll calculations.Other features include a very good Inventory system and a really cool Jobs capability which allows you to accumulate income and expense information across fiscal years which is not cleared when income and expense accounts are closed at the end of a fiscal year -LRB- for example , a report that shows the total income and expenses associated with a construction project that covers several years -RRB- . As with earlier upgrades , 2003 is n't revolutionary but has lots of little improvements over 2002 . Among them are two , either of which would have been enough to entice me to upgrade . One of these is the ability to suppress the monthly subtotals in the General Ledger report . This can dramatically reduce the amount of paper it takes to print the G.L. which you may need to do for an annual audit or whatever . Another is the option to print invoice detail on the billing statement . Before , the only description printed on a Customer Billing Statement was the invoice numbers . Copies of invoices had to be mailed with the statements to show the description of actual charges . Now you can print this detail , by invoice , on the billing statement itself.If you have an older version - say 7.0 or earlier - by all means consider upgrading -LRB- with the caveat that somewhere around version 7.0 extra `` licenses '' began to be required for more than one user -RRB- . Among the things you will gain are alphabetical listing of customized reports in the Reports Menu , an ability to preview almost anything before it is printed -LRB- including checks , invoices , etc. -RRB- , a `` find transactions '' facility that permits you to search for transactions by a plethora of criteria , and numerous new standard reports.There are many other features that I like that could be discussed . And some things I 'd like to see changed . But in the field of moderately priced small business accounting software , Peachtree Complete 2003 is the system to beat .
 This product is a very good product for small to medium sized businesses . I have used older versions of it in the past , and that is why I have come back to it . The instructions are very thorough and easy to follow . It is also very easy to convert to Peachtree from Quick books . When you are ready to graduate from a smaller accounting system , this is the product for you .
 Pardon me for jumping back in but I want to clarify comments made by an earlier reviewer who indicated changes in W-2 layouts from year to year necessitate ordering the pricy payroll service . Not usually true . W-2 `` reports '' are customizable - you can go to the designer and add or remove fields that are printed on the W-2 as will as place them anywhere on the page you want them.The same is true for other `` standard '' reports . I have customized the provided California DE-6 quarterly state payroll report so that I can print my own Quarterly Unemployment Tax report directly on the forms sent out by Texas Workforce Commission -LRB- course , this report can be filed electronically as well . -RRB- Admittedly , customizing forms takes a little time , and some trial and error but it can be done .
 I have used this software for three years and love it . I did n't realize how much until one of my employers purchased QuickBooks Pro.The difference is amazing . My favorite is the reports . It is easy to get canned reports and even easier to build custom reports . Try doing these in QuickBooks , NOT.The menues are laid out in a way that you find what you want to do with little or no searching even as a beginner.The technical support is the best . I can say this with experience as one that has tried to use QuickBooks support also.I heartily recommend over QuickBooks .
 My son likes the Blaster series and the math part is great . However , most math software allows a non-reading math wiz to use them . Usually written items are accompanied by spoken words , or you can click on the words to have them read to you . Not so here . So my son is forever calling me over to read the instructions to him . Once I do , he can do the math part just fine and enjoys it .
 This software was just wonderful for my 8 and 7 year old daughters . They cant get enough time on the computer working with it .
 My 7 yr . old came home from school asking us to get this item . He loves the program !
 No frills . Useful for a small business with minimal bookkeeping needs . Does accounts payable and receivables but I do n't do payroll .
 I 'm just wondering how the guy in Michigan was able to review this game , seeing as it wo n't be released for over a month yet . I figured I 'd give it 5 stars based on potential . All the other versions of The Incredible Machine have been very fun and addictive , and the demo of this new version is fun , too . I plan on picking this one up when it comes out , but until then customer reviews are sort of pointless I guess .
 If you are good at thinking , you 'll be good at this game . The Incredible Machine contains lots of complicated puzzles for you to solve . Again , be prepared to think ! Not only are these fun , but you learn at the same time . This game teaches you about science , electricity and much more ! You probably would n't notice , but it 's no lie . Also , The Incredible Machine is one of those games that you ca n't stop playing . Not for anything !
 played this game as a kid years ago on a mac and was feeling nostalgic . found the PC version and am loving it . the premise is that you build a Rube-Goldberg machine to achieve the desired result in the level . the puzzles are scaled from beginner to expert . i 've solved them all except for 3 random puzzles in the hardest category . just cant figure them out . lots of fun parts for building , and the create-a-puzzle mode is a good time , too.this runs on windows 7 with no issues . enjoy !
 I found The Incredible Machine back in 1992 when it was first released . I was so disappointed when I ran out of new puzzles !! Then they brought out another pack of additional puzzles and I was off again ! Very disappointed when I ran out of puzzles again ! I just recently discovered that there was a NEW T.I.M. 3.0 , so I purchased that also ! It took me about a month of part-time play to complete the 166 puzzles in 3.0 and I was disappointed again because I had no more puzzles to solve . Then I discovered `` T.I.M. ~ Even more contraptions '' . I am in `` Hog Heaven '' again ! This program is the best I 've ever purchased ! Great for kids and adults also . Great to work together with your kids too ! Each player can have their own ` account ' so you can compare each player 's progress and share hints and tricks with your family as you move along . The puzzles teach a little bit of physics , a lot of logic and best of all , a LOT of FUN !! Besides the fun , it teaches the players how to USE THEIR BRAIN for something other than devising ways to KILL opponents . I rate this program ` GE ' for Generally Everyone , ` GFF ' for Great Family Fun and ` GBE ' for Great Brain Exercise . Unlike most of the games written for the computer generation , this one has ABSOLUTELY NO BLOOD AND GUTS and nobody gets hurt or killed , unless you get a stitch in your side from laughing so much , or fall out of your chair from having so much Fun . I give Every issue of T.I.M. -LRB- 5 -RRB- STARS . There is absolutely no more FUN to be found in Computer Game Land . I suggest you get your own copy and find out for yourself , before they sell out ! HOURS AND HOURS AND HOURS of GREAT FAMILY FUN !!
 `` The Incredible Machine - Even More Contraptions '' is my first experience with such a game . It 's very fun and pretty darned addictive ! I actually bought it for my logically-minded son 's fifth birthday , which I think was a little ambitious ; he enjoyed putting pieces into play and fidgeting with them to get them to work , which was fun enough in itself , but I think the GAME might be too difficult for him . We 'll see . He enjoyed playing it the one time , but has n't begged to play it again . I , on the other hand , could play it all night long ! : =D I have n't let myself , yet , but ... I look forward to giving it another try . Regardless , I give this game two thumbs up ! -LSB- Although I 'm a little disappointed that it installed something on my computer AND still requires the CD to play the game . Huh ? -RSB-
 My son learned about this game in school . He liked it so we got one for home . The puzzles are fun to solve -- they teach the player to solve a problem using a selection of tools . In a way it 's similar to computer programming -- it allows you to connect tools with different functions to create something unique to solve a problem .
 My children , ages 9 and 11 , have played this game up to the medium level . My 9 year old son is almost done with the medium level and is ready to move to the next . The Rube Goldberg puzzles give the opportunity for the kids to be creative while continually thinking of cause and effect relationships . As the parent , I am amazed at how quickly the children can solve the problems !! They are better at it than me .
 I have n't seen my son since he got this game for Christmas . I hear , `` Mom ! I made another gizmo ! '' all day long .
 This is an excellent program to stretch the limits of your mind . The easy puzzles are okay for children , but the advanced are definitely for teen to adult . The graphics are a little retro . And the CD must be left in the drive while playing -LRB- there is a No-CD patch available at -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- .
 Every once in a while , a company manages to release a simple puzzle solving or trivia based PC game that hooks a dedicated fan base everywhere . The Incredible Machine series is one of those titles . The Even More Contraptions edition comes with approximately two hundred puzzles arranged in order of difficulty and an editor that allows you to make your own contraptions.If you 're not familiar with the Incredible Machine series , it 's a layman mechanical engineer 's dream . If you 've ever watched a movie with a stereotypical nutty professor that has a contraption set up involving ten to twenty devices all reacting to each other in a `` domino chain '' to complete one simple task you already have an idea what the puzzles are like . In other words , a can opener with a can of tuna causing a cat to move which pulls a string that starts a fan which blows a wind chime that somehow turns on the TV . : DThat 's how the puzzles are set up but many of the key components are left out and provided to the gamer to figure out how to get the device to work and complete the goals listed . Many times your solution is completely different from the given solution and the game does n't limit your creativity . Over a hundred different pieces are including various gears , fire starting devices , animals , platforms , floating mechanisms , etc. . Only a few picked by the original programmer are included in each puzzle but if you make your own puzzles you can pick from any device in the game.There are also various websites set up by fans that allow you to download different creations . A fun game that you can keep coming back to as you attempt to complete the many puzzles provided .
 This game is soooooooo 3D ! You wo n't find silly cartoons stick poeple etc in this game!I love making my own contraptions and letting my mom play!If you want your kid to now a lot about physics then this is a great game!It has a lot of new stuff like a monkey and a jack in the box.It keeps all the old contraptions the same so do n't worry about losing contraptions in the old game that you liked.The gears are made easyer so you do n't need to take them out then put them back to get them working unlike in the first game.It is very compatiple with most computers I heard it works on Mac and I had a Windows me wich it worked on and now I have a XP and it works even better on that.This game is not like most games that you complete in weeks , months , days , or even one day this game takes years!But it 's not too hard so you wo n't need to wory about not beeing able to complete one contraption.The tutorial level is to get started and to learn the basics.The easy level is to get you to understand the controls and to get your brain runing and any other stuff it also gets you better at reading the real hints and knowing those things that might trick you like extra parts.This game is a great buy!But there is some things like harming animals but what I do is say thay are just robots .
 I first played the game at school and loved it ! Some people may say it is hard it is really very fun ! But you have to think about it ! If you say it is boring that is becase you just went straight ahead and failed did n't even think that mabye your contraption does n't work ! It is a great game for schools because it is a thinking game and it is one of the funnist games I know of ! I think even if you are n't a good thinking game person it is still a great game , because you can take as much time as you want and think about it ! Also it is n't one of those games that warps your brain into mush ! It makes you think and not just sit there and stare at a computer ! You actually DO something ! It is a great game for any age that can think ! I am 11 and I love it and I know of a 5 year old who loves it ! Even my dad would love if I could get him to buy it for me ! A great game a I recommend it for All !
 I think this software is the best program I 've playedin my life ! I first played it at school and everyonethought it was hard except for me . It is verychallenging just when you you get to the easylevel . Once I got it for Christmas one year , andI could n't stop playing it . My mom was amazed whenshe saw me completing the contraptions so fast . There ` sover 100 contraptions . This software is worth the money.I highly recommend it for anyone .
 We had to play this game in school in our tech ed . class . Every day , I found myself wanting badly to go to 3rd Hour -LRB- My tech ed . class . -RRB- I would recomend this game to everyone .
 I chose this game as a Christmas gift for my 11 year old daughter , after reading the reviews on Amazon . This was the hottest gift in the household . My 19 year old son and 23 year old daughter and her husband all enjoyed the game . Everything about this game is well done . Good sound , graphics , variety , and appeal to various ages . It provided many hours of family entertainment and was a vehicle for building teamwork and self-esteem .
 This is a good , clean game that will provide hours upon hours of entertainment . It has a lot of puzzles at various difficulty levels that make it fun for beginners and those looking for a challenge . The game is very addicting , guaranteeing that you 'll get your money 's worth out of it . An excellent way to exercise your brain and have fun at the same time .
 It 's a very fun game for kids or adults . It allows you to build Rube Goldberg-like contraptions on your computer , and then watch them in action . You can also `` solve '' existing -LRB- partially built -RRB- contraptions by figuring out what pieces to put where to make it accomplish a specified goal . And you can build contraptions for other people to solve . Very cool!There 's little to criticize about it . The directions are n't as clear as they could be -LRB- typical
 the sixth graders really enjoy working with the program . They learn alot of problem solving . `` Thinking outside the box '' We will use it also with seventh and eighth graders as well .
 I played this game in Video Production every so often , and while making contraptions , I literally NEVER wanted the end-of-the-period bell to ring for at least another hour . This game has no limits to what you can create . Imagination is the tool of success !
 The product is great if you understand accounting principles . It 's not for the faint hearted.I bought a copy on eBay with the UPC removed for the rebate . Guess what . Peachtree registers the software to the person who sends in the rebate and WO N'T transfer it to a new user.I had to return it and buy it new .
 Well designed program , fairly easy to use . Helps to know more accounting than the average person , or to know someone that can help you through the accounting jargon .
 I find this software very useful to run my small business and it tracks and alerts me about payable and receivable invoices due . This is my first accounting software I have started using . I have not used other accounting softwares to make a comparitive review .
 This terrific software teaches about outdoor animals and activities , and is very entertaining while doing it . It 's a great gift to the child that is overloaded with all of the techno-junk bombarding kids these days ... give a child a different perspective and give them this super software !
 My four year old loves Ranger Trail . It is slower paced than other chase and shoot em up games , and that 's okay . He has other games for when he needs excitement , but sometimes you just want to learn things ! Ranger Trail encourages paying attaention , looking for detail and memory . My child picks up loads of cool nature tid-bits . Today he said `` Daddy , owls are nocturnal - that means they come out at night . `` Some folks may find this lame , but I still believe my four year old is n't so jaded that he ca n't listen to a ranger tell him about nature and still feel some wonder at it all . Paul gives it four acorns !
 My daughter received this game as a gift a couple of years ago , when she was about four . It was the first time I left her alone while the game was installing . I must have gotten busy , but she never called me for help . When I went to check on the install , she told me she was already working on her second `` badge ! '' That 's how user friendly this game is . The activities are entertaining enough that she still , at seven , pulls it out every once in a while to earn all of the badges again . This is one of her favorite games . She is now in second grade , reading above the fifth grade level . I do n't know if this game has played any part in that , but I know it 's still fun for her ! I highly recommend this game to parents of 3-4 year olds .
 My 3 year old son started playing on Camp Wonderoo when he was two . He now knows all of his constellations and has retained an incredible amount of information about wildlife . He 's asked if we can take a bag when we go out walking to pickup trash because there are `` a lot of Spikes '' -LRB- the skunk that dumps litter in the pond -RRB- . Perhaps the problem is the age recommendation of 4-7 . I think it would be very slow for a 6 or 7 year old but consider this the best learning software we 've bought so far and am looking for a more advanced sequel .
 I tried the competition , maybe 6 years ago , and it was very user unfriendly . H&R made it easy . I do n't remember the details , but I had a little difficulty reviewing the final copy . I 've used H&R the last 2 yrs and I plan on using it next year . I 've heard that if you have problems they let you talk to an expert free .
 Very easy program to do my taxes on . I love it .
 Worked fine for standard items . Did not handle Partnership issues completely . Would be good to have a preview of the finished return before printed -LRB- maybe this is possible , but I did not find this function -RRB- . In general , an easy , straightforward program that gets the job done .
 Great product . easy to use and understand
 I have used this product since 1997 . My friend used Intuit 's Turbotax , and thought his problems were an enigma . However , I filed with turbotax , my return was never sent to the IRS , and was given the same excuse . Bad customer service , even more confusing software in my opinion . I summarily tried Kiplinger 's taxcut , and found no problems . I was even able to retrieve old tax returns that were stored on their mainframe when needed at a later time . This is the best tax product ever , and I continue to use it without fail every year . The audit review is a great feature that determines what the IRS computers will pick up as an audit flag , and requires you correct it before filing .
 I used to be VERY happy with TurboTax , going back to the DOS days . I 'm finally giving it up due to increasingly frequent tech problems over the last few years.Before you switch from Tax Cut , compare the prices
 This year they stopped paying for the federal online `` e-file '' - worth $ 15 . So have the other guys , but ... now that they know you 're hooked on efiling , they 've quietly removed that benefit.I think the federal government should pay us for doing all the data entry for them !
 For the second year in a row , our `` friends '' at H&R Block , have offered their complete software in 1 box for 1 reasonable price . The catch as always as if you lived in 2 states , you have to get to 2 state programs via download -LRB- and the second will cost extra -RRB- . 2 kickers to be aware of this year however . 1 -RRB- It appears this time you ca n't get your first state -LRB- the one that comes as bought -RRB- until you are ready to process your state return . 2 -RRB- The CD with the free e-file is now sold as a separate identity , if you wan na e-file using this version , you have to pay for it during installation . By the way speaking of paying on installation , H&R Block is mailing copies out to people who registered the software in past years -LRB- they did this last year as well -RRB- . These mailed out copies are NOT free . You have to pay for them on installation . Fortunately , they email you a `` receipt '' with an `` activation code '' so if you have to uninstall and reinstall the disc , you do n't have to pay again , just insert the cd and enter the code . Still and all , I have been using this since it has come our I think in 2000 , and it is as always user friendly and a lot less expensive than Turbotax . Definietly , a big help to doing taxes at home .
 I 'd been using Tax-Cut since 1998 on MAC platforms . Tax-Cut abandoned MAC users for 2005 taxes , so I was forced to Turbo-Tax . This was a pain because I had to re-enter information from scratch , as opposed to reading in from the prior year . I found turbo-tax not any better than Tax-cut in 2005 . I have a mix of self employment incomes , some rent etc , requiring lots of forms but I am no business owner.For 2006 , I emailed TaxCut to see if the '06 software could read the MAC '04 resturns . Answer = NO . So , I was going to use Turbo-Tax again . However , Turbo-Tax had done the dirty this year , and divided their premium software by forms -LRB- schedule C , then rentals -RRB- , so I 'd have to buy the most expensive `` small business '' Turbo-Tax software , as opposed to just the premium package -LRB- even though other reviewers note that its not really for small business -RRB- . The price differential of the Schedule C Turbo-Tax , with Tax-Cut is really very large . On the other hand , returning to the Tax-Cut web-site is omenous in that the `` FAQ '' and software demonstration portions are `` To be developed '' . However , I do n't like monopolies , so I decided to give Tax-Cut another try , figuring I can go back and buy Turbo-Tax if necessary.I have n't seriously started '06 taxes yet , but I am pleasantly surprised with '06 Tax-cut Premium Federal + State . It looks to be the same as the MAC '04 version . Better still , it actually read in a bunch of simple '05 Turbo-Tax returns from my minor children . However , it could not read my '05 Turbo Tax return for some reason -LRB- will try some more -RRB- . Having not expected to be able to read in any of last years data however , I feel I am at least ahead to some extent.There are complaints by other purchasers about new e-filing charges for Tax-Cut . I do n't e-file , so I am unaffected . If the IRS wants a 30-page return with circular nonsensical computations that are so complax that we are forced to buy software and a computer to process it , then they should have the courtesy to read those 30-pages . You would think we should get a tax-break for e-filing , or the IRS would pay e-filing charges considering the effort it must save.Bottom line
 I use windows xp . I 've used taxcut for the past 2 years and turbotax prior to that . My return contains w2s , sched C + 1099s . I track everything in quicken and with my own excel spreadsheet . Start to finish my taxes took 30 minutes . No crashes , no issues.The things I did n't like were : * the video about `` whats new for 2006 '' took too long to start playing . I do n't care about flashy rotating graphics -- just tell me the dope ! * comparing your return to last year 's return does n't sort 1099s by name , it uses numerical order . So if you delete 1099 # 1 everything is off by 1 . * software update leaves the `` update your software '' window open such that its a little unclear if you need to punch more buttons . they should either close the window or use a modal dialog.I do n't know whats up with these 2 star reviews , except for the mac folks who may have valid gripes and the guy with the ESPP complaint . You people who thought e-file was free previously ... uh get a clue . Taxcut was $ 40 last year to cover it . Its _ never _ been free.Lastly its really obvious that the turbotax beta people were all instructed to review the product . I think that is unethical and it makes me wonder if they 're stacking the deck over here as well .
 If you go to the online HR block website you can get free federal and state e-file with Premium Federal and State . Otherwise , there is a Premium + e-file product available as well on Amazon.I have filed taxes using 1040 , 1099 , Schedule C , relocation , education , and dependant care expenses . I have never had a problem with the interface and any phrasing that I do not understand I can get clarified by the customer support . For extra security you can have it signed electronically by a tax professional .
 This is my 10th year in a row of using Taxcut . This years program is even easier and quicker than before . I love this program . I do n't have real easy taxes either , I have investment properties and own my own business along with my W-2 income from my `` real '' job . I would recommend this tax software for anybody .
 I have used Taxcut in my business for a number of years and was extremely dissapointed when they stopped making it for Mac . When I learned they were back , it was a real relief.However , after reading some of the reviews I was was a bit worried about going back to it . Since I had to use that other software last year and was not happy with it , I called TaxCut support to see if they had worked out some of the issues sighted in the reviews . I must have sounded unconvinced because a supervisor who happened to be listening in contacted me about my concern , assured me that many of the eaerlier issues had been addressed and offered a free copy -LRB- note full disclosure -RRB- in order to convince me that the issues had been addressed and the product was even better than the earlier versions.In short , I have finished my taxes and am very happy with the TaxCut experience.Aside from a small glitch with the updating , Taxcut was extremely easy to use . The support team walked me through the updating issue , so that was easy as well.The look and feel of TaxCut was intuitive and easy to navigate . The questions and explanations were clear . The tips were informative . If I found I was missing some important data it was easy to continue and return to the uncompleted form later.I hope they do n't stop making the Mac version again because it is a real pain to switch between TaxCut and that other software . I also hope they will make it possible in future editions to import data from business software like Quickbooks or MYOB . Other than that , I am very happy with TaxCut , so I give it a high 5 .
 Exactly what I needed . Thank you . I had an issue with my 2006 taxes and thankfully I found this online . I little more than I wanted to pay but this is exactly what I needed .
 I filed with no problems . There are free updates on this dvd . It comes with deduction pro . I have had no problems .
 I seldom do reviews but after reading the most recent poor ratings I had to speak up . I 've used TaxCut since 1999 except for 2004 when I decided to try Turbo Tax again . -LRB- I used Turbo Tax for a few years in the early 1990 's then decided to go back to manual mode . -RRB- Turbo Tax also worked fine except I could n't file electronically . The software refused to work and my DSL connection worked fine for all other Internet activity . So I filed by paper that year and went back to TaxCut for 2005 . I just read someone 's review in which they said that TaxCut 's tables did n't match the Feds . -LRB- and he said he downloaded all the updates . -RRB- Well , I have n't had any such problems with any of my returns and if their software did make a mistake , the person should contact H&R Block . It clearly states that if their software made a calculation mistake they would reimburse you the IRS penalties plus interest .
 Judging from reviews , its probably not as easy to use as TurboTax , but Taxcut 2006 Premium Federal + State is way cheaper . You get your taxes done at a third of the price of TurboTax . Its probably worth the $ 30 over paper because it allows you go and quickly recalculate things if you make changes . I had printing issues at first - but I am not sure if it was the MacOS or the program .
 I 've used H&R ; Block 's TaxCut for two years now . It 's the best on the market . I will buy this year 's version as well . The graphic interface is easy to use . It guides you through the entire process , and if you forget something , or do n't have the paperwork you need at a particular point , it allows you to move on and come back to it later.Make sure you get the state and e-file version . You 'll be glad you did . Although , there are options to upgrade as you go along . If you do your own taxes , you ca n't beat this program.Even a mathematical lightweight like me can use this program .
 This was the first year I had used Tax Cut . Turbo Tax this year seemed too expensive so I decided to try Tax Cut . I could see no appreciable difference between the two . Both were easy to use and accurate . Tax Cut imported all my information from last years Turbo Tax so all in all , it seemed practical to me to save the 20 bucks .
 I never have used TurboTax so may not have a good point of comparison , but regardless I have used TaxCut exclusively the past 4 or 5 years . I 've been pleased with it every year . I actually have a Win 98 , a Win 2000 , and a Mac , and installed it last year on all units so that I could go back and forth depending on my mood . The data always migrated between systems seamlessly.I refuse to pay for the privilege of e-filing my taxes and always have simply submitted the print version . As another poster noted , if you submit early , you get your refund quickly anyway . I have also found this to be the case -LRB- even when I have submitted later around March it 's only taken about 3-4 weeks -RRB- . Obviously since I usually get a nice return I have an incentive to submit early , but TaxCut at least makes the process as much of a pleasure as paying taxes can be !
 taxcut is a little simpler than turbo tax in that the questions are not as specific or detailed . turbo tax is probably better suited for people who are familiar with filling out tax forms . having said that , it does your taxes accurately and costs less . support was great . much better than turbo tax . they seem to care more about service after sale than intuit ever has .
 Ive used Turbo Tax until last year . I thought for the price I would take a chance on Tax Cut . It was after all a substantial price difference.Right away I though the learning curve for TaxCut was a little steeper & it seemed I had to actually do some thinking when it was asking me questions . -LRB- Oh Darn ! -RRB- The phraseology was slightly confusing but not overwhelming.However , I got through it , the return was correct & it wasnt so difficult that I will go back to TT next year . I think TT is a better product that seems to have been thought out more , but that could be that TT has been around for much longer , I believe . Turbo Tax is far more expensive but I dont think the benefits of TT -LRB- at least in my case -RRB- justify the extra cost.As far as the e-file , I have never used it & dont really care about that.I just need a sensible guide to doing my senseless tax forms & Tax Cut was a great help & worth the minimal cost .
 This is an excellient program if you want to do your taxes yourself.It has an easy to follow instructions and if there is something in one of the section you do not understand , there are helpful explainations and help videos that go in depth into the topic ... . I have been using the TaxCut for several years and feel at ease is completing them correctly . One year I decided to go into H&R ; and have them do it , thinking that they might be able to save me some money , but all they did was input the data like had done for years.I was annoyed ... I 'm a single adult that rents and they did not go through any routes -LRB- deductions -RRB- that could have saved me anything.Even if you own property , or a small bussiness , all the downloaded information is there and the help files explain everything ... What is even a better , compared to using the written form , as you follow thru the form ... the computer automatic skips the sections that you do n't need . As you answer the questions , you wind your way thru the complicated process of filing.Only negative is that you do have to sit and do it yourself , it took me about three hours to complete . But what is great is that you can save it and go back to change something if you feel you made a mistake.All in all worth the time and money spent ...
 This is THE way to do your taxes . Saves your info year to year . . Super easy and fast returns .
 This is the second year that I have used this program . It is very easy to use and plan on using it again next year . Saved me a few hundred dollars that I am sure I would not of caught on my own . Excellent value for the money .
 I have used taxcut for the past 5 years , this version seemed to work without a hitch . Although E-file was no longer free , I bought this one with the Amazon/H and R rebate offer . The rebate process however was not good . I was sent a denial letter stating that i had sent the offer after the postmark deadline . Of course i had not ! The denial letter arrived before the deadline , so how could i have sent after the deadline ?! Also , working with the Rebate center to resolve the issue was a pain with many delays .
 This works fairly well for me . It easily downloads the capital gains from Microsoft Money , the interviews are fairly straightforward . However there are a few areas -LRB- like foreign tax credit -RRB- where it should be automated but is n't . But on the whole it does a nice job , they just need to improve it a little every year then it could be a 5 star item .
 This is the second year I have used this product . I found it simple to follow and a great convenience since we were doing all our taxes manually before . It was even better this year since it automatically imported entries from last year saving me the time of re-inputing . I would recommend this to anyone who wants to simplify the tax process!I had no problems with the install either .
 1 . Schedule K-1 . Problem
 Able to handle all aspects of tax preparation . Easy to use . Almost makes taxes fun !
 This is my 2nd year using Turbo Tax . I buy the Premier Version because I have investments and reporting on that can get tricky . This product is so easy to use and I especially liked the fact that I could import data from the previous tax year . Even with the cost of purchasing Turbo Tax , I still save between $ 300-400 because I do n't have to go to an Accountant any more .
 This is a great collection , for a great piece of software -LRB- Sonicfire -RRB- . But potential buyers should be aware that the libraries here are not from their `` Multi '' but the `` Single '' layer libraries . If you 're not sure what that means , it means that Multi libraries allow you to control the volume of every instrument in a mix . The single libraries do n't . How will this affect you ? Well , if you 're making student films , home movies , or just need background music that fits your scene , probably very little . But if you 're one who really digs into software , and is trying to get every nuance out of it , to hopefully make a profession production , you may want to only look at the Multi libraries.See SmartSound 's website for more information .
 If you 're a user of smartsound this is a great collection . Wonderful music is available on this set .
 O FileMaker &eacute; um software que permite que voc crie seus pr&oacute;prios programas 100 % customizados &agrave;s suas necessidade sem exigir que voc seja um expert em programao , na verdade voc nem precisa saber nada de programao para poder criar seus pr&oacute;prios programas.Robusto , confi&aacute;vel , com milhares de aplicaes pr&eacute; - elaboradas para que voc s&oacute; precise `` encaixar '' os scripts prontos nos seus programas &eacute; um software fascinante e que oferece tamb&eacute;m uma s&eacute;rie de lay-outs -LRB- programas -RRB- em diversos segmentos -LRB- produtividade , gererenciamento , estoque , invent&aacute;rio entre outros -RRB- para que voc j&aacute; possa comear a usar imediatamente tanto como base para traduzir e customizar em portugus quanto como para usar como programa final . O software e os manuais so em ingls.Com dedicao , estudo e treinamento um expert em FileMaker &eacute; capaz de transformar em programa praticamente qualquer rotina empresarial que necessite de dados para serem catalogados , cruzados e analisados . Nos Estados Unidos o FileMaker &eacute; usado em aplicaes de todos os tamanhos incluindo alguns bancos de dados gigantescos em aplicaes cr&iacute;ticas de grandes organizaes e essa flexibilidade de poder atender demandas desde pequenas empresas at&eacute; mega organizaes com o mesmo conceito b&aacute;sico de scripts e lay-outs &eacute; algo que torna o FileMaker to especial . A empresa FileMaker inc &eacute; uma empresa independente que faz parte da Apple Inc famosa pela inovao e qualidade de seus produtos e por ter criado tamb&eacute;m o Ipod e o Iphone . Consulte-me se desejar ajuda com o seu FileMaker no Brasil . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Only buy this if you do route work and the route changes from day to day . Otherwise , use maps.google.com or a portable GPS device .
 Very good product for small business use . Easy to use . Would not be adequate for a larger business as it lacks sophistication . But it is excellent for what it is designed to be .
 I was asked to do Business cards and Flyers for a friend who isopening an errand service/catering business . This system wasperfect for doing exactly what I need . There is tons of clip art.My son has even used the program for school , and he loves beingable to add animals in his stories .
 This program is pretty basic and simple to use , worked fine for my small business . Would recommend for any small business owner .
 I received my Instant Stitch a few weeks ago and have used it almost everyday . It is very easy to use . I am a crocheter and wanted to make sweater patterns . Hence my two complaints
 I LOVE this software set . It is entirely worth the relatively small amount of money spent for it just for the Sweater Design CD alone . On the CD , you can chose raglan , drop sleeve , fitted sleeve , and something else that I 've forgotten . There are also a slew of collars to choose from . You just put in measurements and gauge and it spits out an easy-to-follow pattern that also gives you the ability to add creative touches.The PM Stitch Creator CD is actually for cross-stitching . You can upload a jpg file or whatever , and then you 've got to choose a bunch of cross-stitching information to get it to graph . I 've not played with it enough to see if I can figure out how to get it to work for knitting but I plan on it .
 I was looking for a simple software to use for my desktop publishing , and saw this.I researched it , but it is no longer available new , but I took a chance and bought it.It works great for what I want . . I was n't sure if it worked on Vista , but there was no problem whatsoever .
 I 'm pictorial , so need the images + voice + writing to learn best . It 's all there with Rosetta Stone . And , I have n't even begun to explore all of the options on it .
 I 'm a trucker and from time to time I get directions that sounds like I 'd be going all over the place in some of the bigger cities . That 's when this really comes in handy . It not only pin points the address , but with the zoom function you can look at the exits from the freeway so you get a better picture.If there 's anything to complain about it is that Rand Mcnally apparently quit making new versions of this program . I guess everyone is turning to the dash on board units so they 're phasing these out . I do n't own one of those , but I have the feeling that those units probably are n't as helpful for pre planning as StreetFinder is .
 My wife speaks Spanish and is just learning English so i wanted a program that helped her learn the sounds and vocabulary of English . I have many other products as well and they all are helpful , but this one helps her with the normal conversations that she will be part of all of the time .
 I bought this ESL set as a gift for someone learning English , so I ca n't really speak for its success as yet . I know it will help her with pronunciation as well as the vocabulary for everyday situations .
 I 've had this CD set for about six months , having bought it after I took two semesters of Arabic in college to keep up over the summer . I play it in my car , and it does what I intended it to - keep me on my toes with Arabic vocab and sentence structure . The narrators are native speakers -LRB- a plus -RRB- but can be hard to understand at times , and make a few awkward but minor errors in the English translations . The subjects covered are diverse , and familiarize you with all kinds of vocabulary you 're not likely to learn in a classroom setting -LRB- `` At the Dentist '' and `` Household Furniture , '' for example -RRB- . However , I do n't recommend it if you have no exposure to Arabic and want to learn - they give an elementary syntax lesson up front , but it 's nothing more than a cursory review . For the serious beginner , there is n't enough grammar to get the big picture using this resource alone . For the serviceman , contractor or tourist who just wants enough to get around , this is probably too much to sift through . For the student of Arabic who 's already had a basic introduction to the language , though , this collection is perfect , and paired with a book , class or mentor would make an excellent resource .
 This set of discs does what few other methods can - teach you how to speak Palestinian Arabic . There are no printed materials , you can make your own from your notes . Other methods will teach you Al FusHa , classical Arabic -LRB- which no one speaks -RRB- or MSA -LRB- modern standard arabic -RRB- which will help you to understand most dialects , sort of.Since 1948 , most Arabic-speaking people understand the Palestinian dialect . So you can either learn Egyptian Arabic , or learn Palestinian . This set of 8 discs is reasonably priced , and I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 The product was a little delayed , but once I called Amazon.com and notified them I had not received the order , they rushed it out immediately and I received it within days ! It is an awesome product and very helpful for it is helping my understanding of the Arabic language , and is very easy to use ! Within the first few minutes of using I have already begun to learn and better understand the Arabic culture .
 This is my third language from Instant Immersion . The Arabic is easy to follow and understand . I have surprised myself by using a few words and the receiver smiles pleasingly when I pronounce the words dead on . Great learning language .
 When I purchased this set , it was about $ 20 , and what a deal it was!You get 8 CDs thoroughly stuffed with all manner of useful phrases and grammatical variations . If this was all you had available for learning this language , you have a about two semesters of material in one neat , portable set.Arabic is a very easy language to learn , the grammar is uncomplicated , and acquisition of a new vocabulary is all under your initiative . However , it should be noted that Arabic language dialects vary drastically not only throughout the Middle-east and North Africa , but even within one Arabic-speaking country . In fact , its similar to how Swedes , Norwegians , and Danes speak their own distinct languages , ... yet those Scandinavian languages are so similar due to their common origin , that those three nationalities can still understand each other most of the time . Being firmly rooted in at least one Arabic dialect will definitely help in comprehendig others.Some practical advice for this set of CDs : - Listen to the disk , and write down the English phrases , number them.-Listen to the disk a second time , and write down the Arabic phrases phonetically , as they sound to you.-After you have learned to write in Arabic script , write the Arabic phrases in Arabic script .
 I 've used Intego products since they first introduced NetBarrier years ago . When I saw a recent press release saying NetBarrier , VirusBarrier and Personal Backup -- knowing I was about to buy an Intel Mac -- I ordered the Platinum Edition . I should have read that more carefully
 I have used tripmaker to plan a number of trips since version 1 . I am up to Tripmaker Deluxe by Topics which may be prior to this version but they have not changed much recently . I find it very useful in plotting daily mileage for different route options . My wife does not wish to travel more than 6 hours a day . Tripmaker keeps me out of trouble . For instance , I had 3 days between Yellowstone and Glacier NP . With Tripmake I tried different routes to stop at the most desirable sites in between without overdoing the driving each day . It is this sort of `` what-if '' testing that makes it so valuable and then print up the final choices , get on-line , make reservations and go on the road .
 This was an updated version of Rand McNally Tripmaker 1998 which I used extensively . The software still works very well and I am pleased with its results .
 I ordered the TripMaker by Rand McNally because I misplaced the one I already had and needed it for another computer . It certainly is well worth the buy if you like to travel and want to save some time by letting the TripMaker figure the time and mileage for you . It also gives you your choice of the most scenic or quickest way to go and will map it out for you . It also has other features such as attractions , places to stay and so on . Well worth the buy for the traveler.I ordered this item at Amazon . The price was right and it arrived in excellent condition and in quick order . I appreciate `` The Mad Hatter '' out of Sandy , OR for their excellent service too .
 I was very happy to find that my nine year old son loved playing this CD . It 's running on our Windows XP and we had no installation or operation problems . It was challenging for him but so much fun for him too ! I 'd buy it again definitely !
 I really liked this game . All of the `` Where is CARMEN SANDIEGO '' games are great games .
 I played this when it first came out -LRB- ' 97 ? ' 98 ? -RRB- and I was 7 -LRB- or 8 , respectively -RRB- years old at the time . Now I am in my twenties and I thought I 'd play it for fun -LRB- do n't judge ! -RRB- , so I feel I have two different perspectives now.As a kid , this game was fun ... but intense . I found myself getting scared at climactic sequences
 Math detective is an excellent program for people like myself who need help with math for test etc. . I found this program very easy to use . I started using it when I first received it and I have not put it down yet . I feel like I am making progress in the program . I love it and I will go to the santiago website and search for other learning programs . thanks .
 We had this software with our iMac earlier this year , & it 's probably been one of the most used on the computer . My little sister , my brother and even my Mum uses it to do posters , birthday cards , and even funny little video clips . It seems that there 's always something new to find out about it . It 's brilliant fun as well as being really useful .
 This has to be the best computer game thet I have to play in school.All of the other games are so boring.I do not know what the other people are saying but this game is great.My favorite part has to be making a slideshow.My teacher thinks this game is great too.I would recomend getting this .
 My son 's librarian recommended Kid Pix Studio Delux which is an earlier version of the product because she says it is easier to use than the later version . My son enjoys using it at school , so I purchased it for home use . We are very satisfied with this product .
 I gave this 5 stars because I 'm sure this would 've worked , had I checked to see if it had been compatible with my computer 's operating system first . Because of my own stupidity , I failed to realize that this would not work on my Windows 7 system , so now I have to figure out exactly how to get this working . But that is neither the seller nor the product 's fault ; the game was cheap , the shipping was fast , and I have no problems except with myself .
 This CD Rom is just awsome . My daughter just loves playing on the computer now.It also has helped her in school . Looks like it may be a nice summer after all .
 I bought this after having struggled through trying to figure out how to use Photoshop Elements . I 'm not a graphic designer . I 'm a small business owner building my first Web site and I needed buttons -LRB- e.g. , close window , next -RRB- and headings/banners -LRB- e.g. , What 's New , Take the Tour , Sign Up Now -RRB- . This program has been a god send relative to trying to figure out something like Photoshop Elements , which clearly is intended for people who are or have had training to be a designer . This program has many wizards to walk you through the common tasks -LRB- e.g. , create a button , create a banner -RRB- or you can create your own -LRB- which I 've found to be better for my needs -RRB- . You can create some very slick , professional looking stuff -LRB- with shadows , embossed look , gradient images -RRB- with the same click-and-point ease of creating a PowerPoint presentation or the like , and the output is automatically optimized for the Web.So why did I rate it a 4 ? A few annoyances ... you ca n't group objects so if you decide you need to move a graphic box with several lines of text over a few inches , you have to move each object individually . And it does n't have the very common aligning features -LRB- where you click several objects and click an option to automatically aline their edges or center -RRB- . So everything must be done by eye on screen , and each object one at a time . And if you create one object/series of objects , save it and then want to add it to another item -LRB- like a menu bar -RRB- , it does n't treat them like a single graphic but imports them in as individual objects , creating even more challenges in trying to move them into position , etc.Overall , though , it 's an easy program that enables you to create basic , professional-looking graphics for the Web , ideal for the novice/professional without a design background . I use it frequently , in spite of its annoyances .
 I was unsure about purchasing Word Perfect 12 Home Edition as I have always used Microsoft Office at work . I decided to give it a try as a colleague of mine has it and is very happy with it . Boy , am I happy I made the jump to Word Perfect Office . It has all the features of Microsoft Office but with a more affordable price tag . Today I use it a lot for home and business uses . I can even edit documents from work that I created with Microsoft Excel . If you have Excel documents , you can still open , edit and save them using Word Perfect Office . I highly recommend Word Perfect .
 Prior to being able to judge most aspects of this software fairly , it is my opinion you MUST fulfill the following requirements :1 -RRB- FIRST REQUIREMENT
 Yesterday we had the family Easter/kids egg hunt celebration . My father-in-law had just bought a high end canon camera . The manual was terrible and if it were n't for someone with experience using that type of camera , he would n't have been able to take the shots he wanted . The camera itself lets you choose Fx like B&W , antique , etc. . I told him to take the photos in regular mode and we 'll use roxio to do everything else . We downloaded the photos w/o the canon software since emc8 does the plug n play . Then my father-in-law was able to choose the effects he wanted rather than mussing with the camera . You can also save the original shot plus make different versions of it . He is n't very pc literate yet he was able to figure out how to edit the photos with very little instruction . He also made a slide show of the Easter hunt by himself . I knew the menu was easy for me but the fact that this extremely tech challenged person could figure out the program solidified my view . We were able to make some disks for everyone including dvd-vcr ones for those w/o pcs . My in-law 's experience was so good that he decided to buy emc8 himself . I 'm pleased that roxio has considered that many people are not proficient with pcs and have designed their software to be accessible for even the most tech changelled ones . Since the canon camera also shoots video I 'm sure we 'll be seeing my in-law 's video shots soon .
 No questions , no reservations , this is the greatest . I 'm done struggling with complicated menus which take hours to figure out . I installed emc8 and did n't have to look at instructions to burn disks . I thought some reviews were exaggerating how good it was , but I 'm a believer now . Theres the set top dvd player burning feature . I 've loaded tons of videos , photos , and sounds onto the disks , all without any crashing or disk errors . EMC8 is at the top of my software list .
 For those who 've used prevous versions including the mac format , you 're familiar with the good interface . Version 8 has put a lot into the editing programs so it much more than a burning program . 8 also has some more obscure functions such as the audio capture . You can capture streaming audio over the internet and make a sound file . I 've let this feature run when some of my favorite radio programs were playing . You can play the file at your convenience and stop and start it so you do n't have to listen to it all at once . Of course you can also put it on a portable cd or mp3 player .
 I did have some glitches after installation and emailed Roxio . I got a response from the tech Patrick the next day . Someone else mentioned him in a review so he must be a busy guy . Just make sure you 're pc is set to 32-bit display so you can see the videos properly.The program is wonderful . If you have in-depth tech knowledge it may seem too easy . The instructions are in plain English so you do n't have know all the tech terms . I did n't know what divx meant until I used this product . There are a lot of parts to the program . I found every part to be as easy as the disk authoring one . Since I am not technical I need a program which is easy to understand and this one fits the bill .
 I 've just read that the discs you burn yourself will not last that long , maybe a few years . I 've been archiving a lot of stuff with this program , which works great by the way , but I 'm worried about disc deterioration . That 's not the software 's fault but at least you can use the backup utility . I 've backed up all the new disks on a hard drive until there is better technology that will last.At least this program has the dvd player disk burning option . That 's what I use a lot so that I can see everything on a big tv . Large monitors are expensive and how many people have the space for the pc and a large monitor . Anyway I 've managed to archive a lot of photos , video footage , and music with emc . I just hope with their success they will part of tech advancements that will give us long lasting portable storage options .
 There are so many burning programs so ... what to do ? After reading some reviews I found that this one had widescreen video support and dvd-vcr disc burning . Since this program is one of the few with these features I bought Roxio 8 . I downloaded the software so it should be the latest version and no updates were needed . I like the way the program is broken up so you can easily find the menus for your tasks . I have n't tried other program so I ca n't say anything positive or negative about them , just that I like the one I got .
 I always check around before I buy software since it is a lot like entertainment , everyone has their personal likes and dislikes . Many of the user reviews for media suites from different companies are negative , just like the ones here . The other companies are Nero and Pinnacle suites . If you look at the Amazon user reviews and believe the reviews you would think that all those software companies produce bogus software that wo n't work at all . I 've concluded that you have to take the reviews with a grain of salt . I did check pro reviews and all of the above mentioned companies get good reviews . I have n't tried them all but I do have Roxio 's latest.I compared the media formats supported and the pro reviewers take on the menu system . This is why I chose Roxio . I ca n't say if other programs are better or not , but I 'm satisfied with this program . I 've burned several music dvds and data dvds . The softare assistant went step-by-step and was nearly foolproof . All the editing tools are working and again , they are easy to use . I have n't used the previous versions but from what I 've read vers . 8 has better tools than before . It 's enough for me that they worked and I got the results I wanted .
 I bought this product after reading the comparison reviews in the March issue of Smart Computing magazine . This program was ranked # 1 by the reviewers -LRB- far ahead of its nearest competition , Nero 7.0 -RRB- . It worked as well as the reviewers said it would . Rather than wade through 100 + reviews here , it might be more time-effective to look at the professional comparison reviews out there .
 How can people find 8 no better or even worse than 7 . There are a bunch of new features which make this a worthwhile upgrade . More media file formats are supported included divx and tivo . The audio discs have highmat , mp3 , wma , and mpv formats . Along with the features the menu system improved . I guess to each his own . emc8 runs without problems on my pc .
 I got off to a rocky start and was apprehensive about loading emc8 . I thought I had gone through all the steps of installation , but when I went to the program menus it kept asking me for the program cds . I called customer support for help as I was even willing to pay in order to get it working . Also I read on the roxio official site that they give a 30 day money back guarantee so I was n't worried about wasting any money . Customer service walked me through the installation and said that for legitimate technical problems they do n't charge for customer service . I have run into problems with Microsoft Office crashing and then having the disk become unreadable . I was forced to pay their $ 30 fee even though I had a registered copy , and that software cost over $ 150 . Roxio has a much better customer service policy than the multi-Billion $ MS.So now that I got over the install hump I 'm enjoying the features . I 've tried transferring music cds onto a dvd . The sound quality was retained . I also fooled around with the sound editor and made some volume changes so that all the songs were at the same volume level . I have to try the other programs later , but for now I 'm a satisfied user .
 Before I bought this program I researched several products . I checked out several mags and the Roxio site to get a list of the features and how well they worked . After using it for several weeks I can say that it did what it said . For those still looking I recommend checking out the slide show at pcmag . It gives a good overview of how the software works.Before I started I backed up my important files . It turns out that this program includes a backup utility which you can set for auto backups . Then I started burning a dvd of a lot of video footage . Since I backed up the raw footage , I edited the clips -LRB- an easy process -RRB- , and added background music . It only took a few minutes to add a menu of the stuff . The most important thing is that I found it easy to do the project and each step worked . If you want to archive your media this is the perfect software package to use .
 I have heard complaints -LRB- and horror stories -RRB- about Roxio Creator , but I have always found the program easy to use and trouble free . I started with 5.0 and now am on 8.0 , and find it suits my needs and does a good job in copying music CDs , creating compilation CDs , converting CD tracks to MP3 -LRB- complete with artist and track info -RRB- for play back on my MP3 player , sound capture -LRB- for example , from Internet broadcasts -RRB- , sound editing of audio tracks from a CD or other source , and creating data discs . I have n't used the DVD features , and probably wo n't , since that 's not something I need to do .
 Why ca n't all software be made as well as this . The steps are clearly spelled out so you do n't have any errors . Most of us are familiar with Windows program protocals and expect that some of the menu items will always be arranged in a certain way . The EMC8 arrangements go deeper in that you can start off with one task and continue on with another program without missing a beat . In more practical terms , you can start off taking songs from cds and putting them to your hard drive , then choose to transfer them to disk . The options for formats appear . You can then full around with the song index , interval times , menu creation , and label maker . There are different programs involved , but you may not notice since they work like one program . Office type programs have this feature to some extent , such as adding a worksheet in a word document , but it can be clunky . EMC8 has seemed to work out the downside of combining programs .
 I was going through the Sunday ads and noticed that prices for retail services . Film development , which is on the way out anyway , and video transfers to discs can really add up.A program like emc8 handles a lot of tasks that you may have to normally pay for . I also noticed that film developers are offering digital photo editing . It really is n't hard to learn the basics and save on this fee . Besides , many people are critical and need to do it themselves . The Photo Editor here has the perfect mix of easy to do tasks and more complicated ones . I always end up cropping , resizing , and doing some lighting corrections anyway . I 've noticed that digital photos still are not as sharp looking as the traditional film ones so editing is a must . The program also will handle video transfer . If you have a large hard drive you may be able to get away with hd only archiving . Since the program also includes disc authoring you may as well go the extra step and backup on discs . The suite has a lot more programs , but there at least 3 that most people will use .
 I wondered why my old software 's dvds did n't work on my dvd player . I did n't know that the pc dvd drive is different than a simple dvd player 's . Why are they so different ? Anyway I upgraded to 8 and this issue is solved . I 've been able to view my photos and videos on dvds that I made myself . The program is pretty self explanatory . I hope the manufacturers get their act together and make these drives compatible . I hear there are more issues in the future with the HD/BlueRay formats . I hope it does n't turn out like the vhs/beta war . The Roxio program has HD support which is good enough for me at this point .
 I had started to convert my music tapes to cds with another older program . It worked but there was a lot of work involved . The roxio 8 program has a great id tagging feature and menu maker that has greatly facilitated this project . I do n't think any other program has this feature now , but they should have included it . The song data can be downloaded through emc8 . It recognizes the artist , title , date , etc. . You can organize your music around these categories . Since it also burns music dvds for dvd players , I 've switched over to that format . The dvds hold a lot of hours of music so I do n't need so many disks . My next upgrade will be lightscribe since the software includes that too . The label support is good , but I 'd like to take advantage of the new technology and stop peeling labels .
 I 've been able to keep my media files in order with this program . I used to put everything in just a few folders and dealt with them when I had a chunk of time . Now I keep a dvd-rw in my drive and use the drag and drop icon to archive files . This also keeps my hard drive clean . There is also a utility to back up the hard drive . I used the program and did one big back up . Now it is set to make daily backups so I do n't have to go through another big backup . The menu maker program is fast too . I 've done some quick menus for my camcorder footage . When I have more time I can go back and make more extensive edits . There are so many programs I still have only hit the tip of the iceberg , but after some good results I 'm looking forward to digging in even more .
 For my work I have to make a lot of Powerpoint presentations . For editing photos and graphics I 've been using several advanced programs . I needed a sound and video editor as welll as new burning software so I bought Roxio EMC8 . The photo editor works nearly as well as the advanced software I 'm used to using . I have n't had to use another program when I 'm editing photos . If you use their photo editor you can go directly to slide show maker or the burning options . Since much of my work is professional , I need to have backups . This suite has an auto backup utility . You can auto schedule backups to your liking . The video editing has been good to . I get requests to put the presentations on discs so they can be mailed or hand carried . I 'm able to jump from making the presos to burning disks really quickly . This suite has been a big help in my work creation .
 If you 're like most people now you burn discs regularly to archive or play files on another hardware unit . Besides the usual backup need I wanted to convert my cassette music to mp3 files so they will play on a portable unit . The transfer went well but more importantly this software had a lot of addons to make the process even better . I read about the auto idtags and did n't understand it until I used it . Taped music does n't transfer the song info so you 'd have to manually enter the info , but Roxio has auto tagging . It can be a bit slow since it searches an online database . You can go faster if you type in some of the song info . It puts the usual genre , year , artist data . There is also an index generator which lists all the data info . I do n't think any other program has that feature yet .
 I got a camcorder at xmas and only a few weeks ago I finally decided to get roxio easy media 8 . I thought I could get buy with the camcorder software and the small disc burning program included when I got the pc . I should have bought it sooner after discovering the great things it does . I 've been using the easy editing mode to add some music , cut the footage , and add subtitles . Fancy editing can wait until I get my footage transferred to the pc and discs and off the camcorder.The program offers a large number of disc formats which my small program did n't offer . If you want to make widescreen video , dvds for players , and other formats you will need an up-to-date program . Roxio 8 fit my needs perfectly .
 Disc Burning for Dummies would be the best name for this software . I 've used other programs which have all the features but you have to understand each step . Roxio EMC8 has built in the steps . If you want a music disc , just go to the audio menu and choose Music Disc Creator . If you want a dvd , choose MyDVD . There is a data menu too where you have backup and burning options . The arrangement makes a lot of sense .
 I took advantage of the promotion price and gave emc8 a try . It well exceeded my expectations . I learned how to burn different discs in a matter of minutes . What really makes this program special is the music options like id tagging . It will take me time to go through a lot of the available programs , but so far it 's been a blast .
 Do n't be confuse this product with high end video , photo , and sound editing programs . The biggest advantage is the disc authoring program . I 've been burning loads of discs , mostly dvd-video formated ones . This is the easiest program I 've used so far . I 'm surprised how many formats are included now.Yes , this is great for disc burning . At the price point though the editing tools are not as rich as pro level packages . I still use a professional high end program to edit sound . That being said , I 've been able to make quick fixes with the Roxio sound editor . Most people do n't need the level of detail that I use so it 's more than sufficient . It is also quick in making your cards , photo slide shows , collages , labels , and menus . If you need pixel editing , again this is n't the program . But if you can make due with the basics like cropping , color changes , cloning , then I 'd consider this package .
 After using Roxio emc7 .5 for a few years I know the good , the bad and the ugly . Most of it worked but I still used some side programs to do media editing . I do n't know how some think that 7.5 was better . I do n't even think it compares to 8 now . Version 8 has improved the media editing so much that I do n't use the my other programs any more.photo - added layering editing , clone toolvideo - 2 track editing , virtual clip & music video creation , audio - noise filter , equalizationdisc burning - added dual layer dvd , auto music id tagsThese are a few of the new things I noticed . Overall the menus are much more intuitive . I can say that I felt that I have a true upgrade and not a program with just a few small features added . Of course the software would be useless if it did n't work right . So far I 've burned several discs and edited video complete with added music . There are probably better video editing programs with more features but for a suite version this one is good .
 I 'm not sure why there are those who say the program is bloated . The program is large , no question , but it covers a lot of ground . The disc authoring alone is huge as there are a lot of disc types it covers . Apparently burning data and music are vastly different , which I found when I used this program . It takes a lot more time burning music which is due to coversion and having dolby stereo audio . It 's not just the size of the files that affects the burning time.The photo editing program is very comprehensive and this is like a packaged program by itself . Add to that the slide shows and other projects and the suite offers a lot of photo project features . It may be huge , but I think all the programs are of use .
 There really is a big difference in media packages as I found out after some testing . I also have to say that I do n't like unnecessary bashing . If you like another company 's product then go ahead and sing its praises but that does n't mean that a rival product is no good . It 's like comparing sports teams , just because you like a team , it does n't mean that a rival team has no clue how to play . Anyway I tried some downloadable trial software . Nero was one and it worked pretty well . I then tried emc8 and liked the simple approach better . Also roxio 's photo program has more advanced features.What really swayed me was the auto id tagging song feature . I 'm taking songs from tapes so they need basic info attached to each song . You are n't stuck typing info since emc8 will locate the song online and transfer the basic info . This is a stand out feature that I did n't find in other programs .
 This weekend I finally got around to using emc8 which had been lying around for a few weeks . How great is it that you can download song info and put it into the song index . I have many music tapes and of course they are showing wear and tear . I 'm doing my best to salvage them and burn the songs onto cds . There is an automatic id system where you can get song id with artist , year , album , info.The sound editor has a sound fixer so many of those scratchy glitches in the music can be fixed . With this I can salvage even more of my old music . The software already pays for itself since I 've saved a ton by not buying replacement music .
 Nothings perfect but in terms of pluses and minuses , emc8 definitely rules in the plus categories . It 's a breeze to learn and most programs included are needed for media control . Pluses are the disc and file formats like dvd-vcr , divx , tivo , dvd dual layer . In the editing category all the programs show improvement over version 7.5 . In the minus category , the utilities could be more robust . The dvd and cd check utility are the most useful , but there is n't a lot more than that . I 'm one happy user .
 For years roxio has produced some of the best software for Apple computers . It 's reputation has been stellar and I was always pleased with their disc authoring programs . I use a pc a lot more now and thought that I would try the roxio pc program . Although there are differences , it still has the roxio signature features . The menus are not arranged the same , but I think this is a progression to their older software . You nagivate your way around by choosing the type of media . Also like Mac software you can use the visual method of dragging files to the the disc icon . There is a drag and drop icon which can reside in the memory so you do n't always have to start the full program . Also in keeping with the roxio structure , there are wizards galore which make all the actions highly accessible . Keep this up and I may consider getting rid of my Mac completely .
 If I were a software company with long term goals , I would try to make quality products and cultivate a good reputation . I believe Roxio 's products have done just that . Version 8 is another example of the quality that it can turn out . One of my all time favorite programs is Toast for Mac so I 'm not surprised that Easy Media is just as good.Disc authoring is nearly perfect here . If I knew more about the formats , perhaps I would want to see the details on how the files are converted . But since I 'm a long time Mac user , I could care less and just want everything to work . If I keep to the wizards , then I only have to choose a few things to create discs , even on a PC . I 'm prone to using the drag n ' drop icon since it works like a Mac program and is a visual way of making discs.Mac has been the choice for graphic editing for many years , but now I ca n't see much difference between the 2 operating systems , expecially when I use the Roxio programs . I found the PhotoSuite to be fairly powerful and still intuitive . There is painting , cloning , sharpness adjustment and more . I ca n't say that Mac is superior over the PC in this area.If you 're looking for an intuitive program this is the one in my mind .
 Now that I 'm not wasting time in the rerun season watching shows like Lost , 24 , and Alias , it 's on to the computer projects . I just downloaded EMC 8 last week and installed it . The code seems perfect since it started running without any need for tech assistance of any kind . Maybe that 's the way to go for many people since you have the latest code right away.The cleanup consists of backing up all the media files I 've stored here and there . The media manager shows all the media files on the drive and lists them by media type without having to put them in folders . The photos are now on brand new disks , burnt courtesy of emc8 . I did n't have to pick the photos from different windows folders . I also have a lot of mp3 music files which are cluttering my drive . I 've archived them onto dvd music disks . From there I can transfer some to my portable mp3 player which does n't have that large a capacity . I made some great menus on the dvds so that it would be easy to find the songs I want quickly . My 160GB is substantial , but it was getting filled with all the songs , photos , and videos . Storage is reasonably priced these days , but media files are n't getting any smaller , and it wo n't be long before we just download movies/tv shows , etc. directly onto our pcs . I 'm using this program to keep up with the clutter and avoid needing an upgraded pc in the near future . Believe me , this is the program to manage media . The menus make sense and all the needed features are there .
 I have used roxio 7 for quite some time and upgraded to 8 . I was hesitant at 1st cause 7 had some weaknessess . After reading reviews I made the plunge and I 'm glad I did . They fixed many of the problems I had w / 7 . First the media editing tools are so much better that they are like a whole different program . They added cloning and layer editing in the photo part . There is now 2 track video editing and a much better menu system . Best of all you do n't have to go to each program as if they are totally separate . There is one menu and once you are finished doing one thing like burning disks , you can go directly to creating labels . Before you had to burn the disk , exit the program , then start up the photo editing , label creation , etc programs . It 's about time a company put effort into really improving their software rather than trying to do a few changes and milking everyone for an upgrade . I do n't feel cheated with 8 .
 Not much is going right today except for this program . I just lost a big chunk of work due to the crashing of a high end photo editor . In desparation I moved the photos over to my laptop and used EMC8 , which I usually use at home , not work . I was able to finish the photo editing and then burn a few cds . Frankly the EMC8 photo program does n't have some of the features of the higher end program -LRB- I do n't want to bad mouth it here -RRB- but the tools were more than sufficient to finish the project . It has proved more reliable so I 'm going to use that program as much as possible . I 'm not a graphic artist but we have the other program so the graphic pros can do really high end work . I do n't need that level of editing for most of my sales/admin projects . This is the program to use for quick and dirty work .
 Okay I 'm not so computer oriented and ca n't relate to some of posts written here . I can say that I like the program and made several photo albums and slide shows in less than a half hour . I could even print out labels for the disks and dvd cases by myself . To some of you that may not be major , but I tried an Avery program that only caused me grief . All the text and graphics lined up the way I wanted and fit perfectly onto the label . I even tweaked some photos . There were a lot of tools that are too intimidating for me to try now , but I could crop and fix red eyes easily . Who knows if I 'll ever use the advanced programs , but the basic tasks were easy for me so I 'm impressed .
 I 've been using this software for about a month now and really like the burning disc features . I decided to get a dual layer dvd burner so I can fit more on one disk . The manual says that you can fit 80 hours of music on a dvd music disc . So far I 'm up to 60 hours on one dvd and still counting . Without the id tags though I would n't want that much music in one place . Roxio had the foresight to put in the auto id tagging.I also plugged in my camcorder and transferred footage directly to a disk with this software . I do n't need the manufacturer 's camcorder software now . This program takes care of the video mgmt . I even added some background music . I do n't know how anyone could be disappointed with this program . The menus and assistants could n't be any better .
 I have a Pent . III 1.2 Ghz pc . Although the specs for this program says it 's fine for most of their programs , the video editing needs 1.6 ghz . I tried the video editing anyway and it ran . I was able to use the timeline mode to place special effects to part of the clips . I was fine with having other parts of the program working and not having the video editing working , but now I 'm so lucky that I got an unexpected bonus . I 've burned several dvds mostly with photos and documents . Soon I 'll be ready to try making a video dvd since I can make special video clips .
 It took me awhile to realize that not all dvds are equal . Once in a while I get a movie dvd which wo n't work on my pc dvd drive . It also turns out that you have to burn dvds according to format , dvd-vcr , dvd-data , dvd-music , and in addition dual layer dvds . I made several mistakes with a basic burning program which did n't cost me anything . I bought roxio easy media , which also has a low price right now , and found that the dvd formats are listed as menu items . Perhaps some tech proficient people will find it superflorous , but I 'm glad there is a program that has the options listed . This has kept me from making more mistakes . I also learned that CHEAP dvd disks are risky , some of them do n't burn correctly . I thought it may be the software 's fault . I 've switched to major brands such as hp and memorex . So far there has n't been a bad one in the bunch . I also make it a habit to use the diagnostic program to check the disks . emc8 has thought of the steps in disk authoring to make the process go smoothly .
 Just got finished tranfering a lot of songs to a DVD . The Roxio compression technology is pretty good since I was able to fit over 40 hours of music . I have no criticism about the sound quality , I ca n't distinguish between the originals and the copied ones . I 've been looking at the sales for DVD discs since I thought I would need a huge quantity . Now I know I only need a handful . There 's also the option to make the DVD music discs auto start in the DVD plyer . I 've printed out a song index insert from the program too . I 'd like to get a disc printer so that I print directly on the discs now that this software has that feature . The labels printed okay but labels themselves start curling . Using this software has made me think of upgrading the way I 've been handling my media files .
 I get tired of the numerous upgrades that software companies put out , sometimes in a few months . The question we have to ask is ' R there enough features for me to spend my $ on ' . This includes big releases such as Acrobat , and Office . I 've made due without upgrading these programs for years , but I do n't regret upgrading to EMC8 Why ? 3 big reasons
 For a few days my pc kept crashing every few minutes . I blamed it on emc8 since I had installed it a few weeks earlier . The program worked with no problem but since I did n't install any other large programs I thought that it was the culprit . Later I discovered my real problem was a free wireless finder software which resides in memory . The windows program tends to let connections drift so even at home my home network connect gets lost . I had to go to a system restore point which left emc8 installed but unistalled the wireless finder software . It was such a small program that I thought it could n't have been the problem . Emc8 is so big that you would think that a lot could go wrong . Yet the dual dvd discs I 've burned have come out clean with no errors . The video editing has not caused any crashes . I do n't know if anyone else has made the same mistake and thought that emc8 could cause system problems . Luckily the wireless program was n't a must have program and emc8 works smoothly since I now use it so much .
 The DivX feature has been a big improvement . There are movies and video clips which I downloaded and now can burn them onto an DVD . Then I can play the newly created DVd onto my DVD player and watch on my tv . This will be really helpful when more studios make programs and movies available through the internet . I then combined several older DVDs onto one DVD with Creators new feature . I 've also been doing this on my laptop which is a few years old . I thought I needed to upgrade my pc but so far the program has been working well .
 One reviewer mentioned that he could n't find the Tivo function . I found the process to be straight forward . You need a Tivo series 2 dvr to download files onto your pc . You have to download the software from the Tivo site first . The Roxio program will then recognize the file type and you can transfer them onto a dvd . I do n't want my hard drive filled with all these files so I 'm archiving them onto disks . I researched this feature and found that the disk authoring software needs a license from Tivo to handle the files so not every program supports Tivo file format . Hopefully this clears up any problems people have been experiencing
 I bought this program so that I could burn dvds from my pc which play on my dvd player . However I have found myself using the photslide creator a lot . The templates have a lot of features built in so its easy to make an imressive looking show . There are a lot of transitions , plus scanning and panning . The wizards make it fast and easy to create the show.I used to use Powerpoint to make the photo presentations , but now I can use this program .
 My family just bought an LCD tv . The 16:9 video support is perfect for showing videos on the new tv . It 's difficult to gather around a PC unless you have a large monitor . It makes more sense that people want to see home videos and photos on a regular tv . Maybe some day the technology will be more integrated , but for now we have to convert files from pc dvds to regular dvd formats . The Roxio program has this support.I also agree that the photo slide show creator is terrific . Besides the built in transitions , the program will also match transitions to the rhythm of the background music . What a great feature .
 I 've had good experiences in the past with Roxios cd burning software . Now that I 've upgraded to dvds , this program addresses the different options . These days I want to transfer clips and photos from my regular dvd player and pc dvd . This program has both these options . I transfered some Tivo programs so that I could play them on my laptop when travelling . I also put some original digital video on a dvd so my friends and family could watch them on a regular dvd player.The editing programs for video and photos have been more than sufficient . They are also very easy to understand .
 I 'm very impressede with the way Roxio has added a lot of options on how to burn dvds , and yet their menus make each option quick and easy . Normally suites which have so many programs they make you enter each one separately . However media 8 lets you access the programs from one main menu . When I edited video footage with their program , I was then able to choose the option to burn it onto a DVD . In the past I 've had trouble burning cds and frequetly got technical errors . However the dvd burning has been working wihtout trouble . It could be that advances in hardware and software make the process more reliable .
 Like others have mentioned , the software installed easily and I 've been able to try all the modules . I ca n't believe that the product does n't work and that Roxio wo n't do anything about it . Word spreads fast so if a company does n't bother to help customers or if there are major installation problems , they will put up a patch . I have not needed any patches after downloading the software . I would look at the products features and not worry about any so called installation problems . It is possible you could have confloicts with other programs , but those are usally resolved quickly by customer support and at the forums . I 've tried the forums and was able to find my questions answered . This product has so many great features that I it would be a shame for people to listen to fear mongers and not give the product a chance . No where have I seen a dvd burner software product which can auto detect the type of format in your drive and let you choose options in just a few steps .
 Originally I had an install problem , but Roxio 's customer service on their web site gave me the solutions . I do n't know how much other people have tried to get help , but I found the fix to be painless . Once it was up , I tried making some mp3 files by streaming some video files . Then I combined the files with some of my home made music and transferred them to a dvd . Like the installation , the process was easy and quick . The media manager lets you view the different types of media files in one place and lets you organize them . YOu have the option of making your own albums or using Windows to organize the files . I found this extremely user friendly .
 Besides being easy to transfer video footage , EMC makes great looking menus . It makes a main title with chapters . The fonts , buttons , etc. look just like the ones on movie studio dvds . Before we had to look at lots of filler footage . Now I can edit the footage and categorize them quickly . I know I 'll be using the program a lot since I take a lot of videos during the holiday gatherings .
 This program let me compile a lot of video clips I / 've downloaded over the years and burn them onto a dvd . This dvd now plays in a regular dvd player . I also ca n't say enough about the musicID feature . I burned a lot of my MP3 songs onto an audio DVD . The id feature searhes the web and gets info on the song . What a time saver .
 Yes , it 's true
 Every pc that I have bought in the last few years has had Roxio burning software . Since I liked the program I decided to buy the whole big package and it is even better . Just the burning dvd/cd disks is worth the money . The other parts are useful too . I know that a lot of pc companies rely on Roxio for their disk authoring software so I 'm glad that the same quality carries into their store package .
 I am blown away by all the criticism of this program . I started with version 4 and upgraded to 8 . The only complaint I have with the program is that I can not blow up photos to individual pixel view like I could in version 4 and the `` brush '' will not size down enough when you go to full magnification . Other than that I have had no problem . I have run backups , made DVDs , done a lot of photo work , etc. , with absolutely no trouble . I installed version 8 from disk , upgraded it , and used it successfully on 2 different computers . I had to reformat my hard drive a few months ago and thus had to reinstall Easy Media again , so that is 3 total trouble free installs for me . The backup program saved my life when I had to reformat . All my files were there for me . I am a 68-year-old grandmother and I do n't tolerate programs that do not work or that cause computer problems . I 've got to wonder why everyone has so many problems . I 've tried Nero and hated it . I just bought Photoshop Elements which I find to be a nightmare to learn . PhotoSuite , on the other hand , is a breeze . Make sure you save your work occasionally as photo work , especially , takes a lot of resources and you need the memory to handle it or it WILL eventually crash your system . When I first started using PhotoSuite I did crash a few times , but I learned to save frequently . When I upgraded to 1 Gig memory that helped considerably .
 How timely to get dvd-vcr support . I know that I 'm behind the curve since until recently I was using my pc as my dvd player . I finally got a dvd player for the tv since my friends like to watch dvds and the pc screen was n't big enough . Anyway this program burns dvd-videos . I 've been going nuts getting as much off the pc as possible and putting them on the dvds . I like the simple steps and the fact that you do n't have to think about the a lot of tech details to get the disk done . I have windows xp and the program runs really well . Too bad others may be having problems . No nasty hangups here so I would say this is a program to try after such a good experience .
 Usually I find that installation of big programs can be a pain since Windows is not the best operating system . However I downloaded the software and installed it without problems . The menus came up and the features worked instantly.Photo editing is so much better that I hardly recognize the program from version 7 . It nearly mirrors standalone programs.So far I have n't found anything else that has as many features . It is also the most accessible program I 've tried in this genre .
 Roxio emc8 is a huge program so maybe some people will have some problems . Luckily I did n't have any problems and I installed the full program . It does take a lot of disc space so you have to check that your pc can handle that . After installing I burned lots of dvds and cds easily . All the discs came out fine . I 've used Nero software in the past and that worked too . Yet if you look at the Nero reviews they are even worse than the ones here . Instead of evaluating the software fairly some users are writing that the programs do n't work at all . Are these people angry ? I 'm now wary of negative user reviews and will look at magazine and tech site professional reviews .
 I hate dealing with tech stuff and used to use a mac . Our company only has pcs so I have to adjust . Roxio makes a good mac version so I had some knowledge of the program and bought this pc version . Of couse I had some tech issues and could n't solve them myself . I got a response from cust . service and do n't know how others are having such problems . My experience w / roxio goes back several years and their programs have always been user friendly . The adjusments between the Mac and pc version has been easy . I would recommend this program to anyone without question . The disk authoring is awesome .
 I do n't normally write reviews but seeing the number of reviews saying this product does n't work makes me suspicious . How could a big product release simply not work . It is true that PCs get complicated due to the numerous hardware and software combos so there are bound to be some problems . I can only speak about my experience which has been for the most part good . There are also numerous professional reviews on the web so you can also get more neutral opinions.I have Windows XP with 256 RAM . This is not the latest and greatest yet Roxio creator installed just fine . I 've used the video editing portion and the videos played with no problems . In fact I 'm surprised that the tools were as good as they were since I was n't thrilled with a past version . I 'd give this product a chance knowing that a lot of people have had positive experiences and Roxio is the leader in their software type .
 There 's alot to like . The BEST is the MYDVD program . It simplies the process of editing and adding music/sound to video . I made a menu with the chapters on the dvd . There is also the burning icon which is drag and drop . Great program for video and the like .
 I think most of us are used to some problems with software , especially since Office has many bugs . It stalls too often for my liking and I would hope that all software cos strive to do better . I was prepared for similar problems with emc8 , but it has n't happened . Video and sound takes a large chunk of space and memory so the odds are that I would have crashes galore . After several weeks of using this program it seems to be one of my more reliable programs . When I 've used Powerpoint it often stalled . When I use the photo slide maker in Roxio , it has n't once crashed . Usually I keep my laptop in 16-bit display mode to save power , so I was n't sure if the program would remain stable if I changed it to 32-bit . This is required for the program to work right . This did n't effect the performance either . I just snipped the clips to my liking , made a chapter menu , then ta dum , completed media in record time . If roxio can make the program this stable , I wonder why MS with all its resources does n't do the same .
 As a long time user of complex suites such as Office , StarOffice , Corel Suite , Photoshop , etc. . Roxio Easy Media Creator 8 is at the top of my list . Software is worth nothing if it crashes and is unstable . I 've found it to be a clean running program . The list of features is massive so I do n't need to buy other programs . Sometimes the large programs can give your computer trouble , but no such problems have occurred . I 've used other powerful disc authoring programs that worked , but were much harder to use . Roxio 8 eliminates many of the middle steps so you only have to choose the type of disc you want and what you want to put on it . That 's what makes this program unique .
 There are other programs in the media category that work just as well , but my experience is that they are not as easy to understand . If you are an experienced technically minded individual , then you might opt for the product with the lowest price . I for one need a good system so I 'm not looking up every other word.Some people have complained about bugs . I did n't come across anything bad nor unusual . The disk author program is a smooth runner and my dvds with music and videos have come out clean . If your original source material has sound distortion there is a tool to take care of it . Tivo users should consider EMC8 since there are few programs that has it . Of course it would n't be any good if the rest of the program was no good , but I found it a keeper .
 I was contemplating cancelling my tivo since I wanted to make the files portable like a vhs tape . Tivo now lets you download the shows to your pc , but my drive was getting filled so I needed a way to archive them . This program filled the gap so I can transfer the shows to dvds . I do n't like putting a tv tuner in my pc . I also have digital cable so that does n't work well.Besides the tivo & dvd authoring I 've been using the video editing mode . Very simple - I 've had no stress with crashes and confusing menus . This software pack lets me take advantage of my new pc with dual layer dvd drive too . The feature support is up-to-date .
 After installing the Roxio Easy Media Creator 8.0 , my computer slowed to a snail 's pace . After removing just the backup program it return to its normal self . We have only burned audio CDs and photo CDs . For those it worked great . We have n't tried the video .
 Never had a program to work with so many feathers . So much to learn , so much you can work with and do . Do n't think there is another program out there that can TOP this one .
 My experience with emc8 is so good I ca n't believe others are having any trouble . I have never seen a better system for disc authoring 'cause there 's drag n drop mode and more extensive menus . The conversions are handled by the wizards making the process quick.I tried to hook a tv tuner to my pc , but I did n't get good results . I was hoping to record and edit them on the pc but the signal was lousy and I gave up . Too bad , but I do have a way around the problem . I now hook up my pc to the vcr and transfer the files . You can run out of space real fast so I put the footage on a disk right away and edit from there using emc 8 . I noticed that emc8 now has a suite with a Dazzle unit . I already have another brand but if you want to transfer video from a vcr , this may be a good option . I had tivo and used emc8 to transfer files until the unit broke and it was n't worth fixing . Also with the vcr to pc option you do n't have monthly tivo fees . At least this suite has the tivo option if you need it . The final word , many features that are hard to beat .
 The bottom line , I do n't think there is any program which matches the simplicity of the menus in this software category . We can debate which software programs have the better features , but I think Roxio wins in the lay out.video editing , if anything ver 8 is heads and shoulders above 7 and 7.5 . There are more formats supported like divx HD and widescreen.burning , can now burn several discs at once if you have multiple burners ; supports double layer dvdsI could go on but in short , this is an easy to use product with enough features to handle hardware upgrades . It should be sufficient for a year or 2 unless some major format comes along that we do n't know about .
 With so many programs and different versions I had trouble cutting through the clutter . I picked up emc8 when I saw that it had divX file support . I did n't even realzie that many of my videos from the internet were in divx format and that I should have been using the format on my own clips to compress the files . Not all the disc authoring programs have this ability so you may need to get another program if you do n't use emc8 . It will make almost every type of disc that you can think of too .
 I 'm a home user of digital media so I 'm not looking for anything complicated . However I do n't want programs so basic that you are forced to upgrade to higher end programs . Easy media 8.0 fits my needs . The disc authoring program is complete so I do n't think I could buy a higher end program , unless I use professional equipment . It even supports multi drive burning at the same time . I would put the photo programs in the same league as my older standalone editors . It has all the tools except for pixel editing . There is a clone tool though which can compensate for this . It is easier to use too . I 'm most pleased with the video program since it has more than cutting and title inserts . You can move clips around , merge them , and add effects . I could go on but the idea is that this has some majorly serious programs .
 What a dilemma . I 'm on information overload with all the media products out there , so I 'm unsure what exactly I needed . This suite is a great place to start since there are so many programs . I did look at other programs and liked the features offered.On paper there are many programs with the same type of programs . I found a few features that swayed me roxio 's way . In the slide show maker there is pan & zoom , but not every program has it . I thought this was a basic feature so I looked more closely at other programs . All of them also have basic video editing , but roxio has 2 track editing mode . This has a number of functions like picture in picture and placing a logo over footage . I do n't have a Tivo but if I get one in the future there is the that feature.No doubt there may be some features that are in other programs that are n't in roxio . So far though this suite has the features I use . With time I may find that I will need even more features , but this is certainly a good way to start .
 I feel sorry for all the customers who have a problem with this incredible software . It combines the functions of most burning and video editing software in one package . Is one gig really too big for a program that contains this much functionality ? If that is a problem it 's probably time to invest in something bigger than a 20 gig HD . Most utilities and games are big nowadays . And to the users that think it 's doing stuff like messing up their networks , no it 's not . It ca n't . You have other problems . I 've used close to every burner -LRB- Nero , Easy-CD , Blindwrite , Clone , ad nauseum -RRB- and they all have compatibility issues with different media/drives . Anyway , anything that combines Premier \ Nero \ After Effects \ Tons of Other Programs together is allright with me . And no , I do n't work for Roxio . I like the guy who thinks that just because people did n't find his lame review helpful that they have to be Roxio employees .
 I 'm a roxio 7.5 emc user and have struggled whether or not to get the upgrade to 8 . Since the price has dropped fairly low , especially with the upgrade/competitive product rebate I took the plunge . Although the program looks and acts similar , there are some big changes . Many people have mentioned the music auto id tagging . This is a huge feature when transferring tapes and lps to discs ... no more typing all that info.I 'm using the divx capability a lot too . One star down for minor video and audio editing changes . The photo editing though is much better . The tivo , widescreen video , and dual layer disc stuff is n't necessary yet for me but I may use them in the near future .
 Can a suite successfully combine media programs with backup/recovery utilities and succeed ? To my relief emc8 works on all these levels . The main disc authoring program was my main focus along with the video , audio , and photo editors . After that everything else is gravy . This suite passed the first part and I 'm satisfied that the disc burning program is running AOK . I can make dvds for my dvd-tv player , data ones for the pc , and music cds . The digital media editors are satisfying programs . The backup program has more options than I expected . I 've set it to backup new files daily so I do n't have to worry about a major crash . I 'm getting by with just emc8 , office suite , and an antivirus program to cover my computer projects . The less software I load , the less potential problems . The emc8 programs can be bought separately , but I have n't experienced any conflicts between them in the suite . They are tied together in one main menu so the suite probably took care of any potential conflicts .
 There are certainly a lot of diverse opinions here . My take is that the software needs to run and it should have all the features that it says it does . This has been the case here . I want to burn disks and edit files . I 've been able to do that using this software . The installation was surprisingly quick . It is a huge program but I did n't have to keep entering a yes when it installed each program . It treated everything as one big program.Using it has been a no brainer . It 's all written out so you just choose what you want . It has the widescreen video support I wanted and the video formats I needed . So far this product has n't let me down .
 For the last month I 've been using emc8 on my desktop pc , which is a new , powerful model . I bought the box at a store so the program does n't work well without the upgrade file which you get from the Roxio Web site . This action is similar to upgrading windows . You download the file then install . It is a no fuss process . I 've been making dvds , editing video/photos , and making calendars , albums and such . I really like the features and the results you get.Now my daughter needed a program to do school projects . She has an older pc model with less ram and hard drive space than mine . The program still runs and I went throught the same upgrading process . Again the program runs smoothly . She has been able to do photo editing and make some collages for her class . For her next assignment she 's going to make a music video with the same program . This has worked out well for our family needs . It 's frustrating if you have to deal with shoddy software and bugs . My family has not experienced any of these negatives . Just another opinion of a user who has had positive results with emc8 .
 When I went looking for media software I noticed that Roxio has a bunch of packages , but this one seems to be the best buy . This suite handles disc management and media projects . I 'm having fun making photo slide shows . They look great on my tv now that I burn dvds for the dvd player . This is a no brainer .
 I was waiting for emc8 and bought it the first week it came out . Unfortunately there were some bugs , especially in the menu creator . I called Roxio and they said there was an update . I downloaded the update and then everything was fixed . There were some greyed out buttons that reappeared after the fix was installed . If some people are having this problem it is easy to make the correction . The customer service was free.Since that time I 've had time to play around with the software and have discovered a lot of useful things . Everytime you add a video to your dvd , it creates a button . You can then edit the button with your choice of text and style . The label maker also is accurate . I gave up on the Avery program as it never worked right .
 Is this the same Roxio that had a mediocre sound editor ? Thank goodness the answer is no . It has gone from just passable to an awesome tool . I 've been combining songs from my mp3 files and cds onto dvd disks . Now there is a new feature where you can record on maximum so that the sound level will be the same on all the songs . No more reaching for the volume control because one song starts blasting the walls away . It is also easy to trim and fade the music to your liking . The sound editing has now reached the level of the photo and video editing . It 's about time .
 No way will I believe that those who write that emc8 does n't work are honest . This is a major release from a software company . I also think that it is their biggestproduct . They would n't put out something that plain does n't work . I installed the product and it worked . I 'm sure enough users and pro reviewers have tried it so that it works on most pcs.I came across a good review at http://www.cdrinfo.com/Sections/Reviews/Specific.aspx?ArticleId=15823There are more pro review that are just as good . My personal experience is that this is a great project to do your holiday projects .
 For years I used standalone software programs and avoided suites . I was never statisfied with the features in the suites and I think some companies stripped their suite programs so that you would end up buying their fully loaded ones anyway . Check me off as someone who has found a great suite for a great price . Disk authoring should be easy and too many companies make it a complex , frustrating task . EMC8 is just the opposite . Click on data , music , video , etc. and you are pratically done . Why ca n't other programs do this and instead expose us to the minutia of conversions , codecs and what have you . Audio editing here is fairly good . Everyone needs fade ins and outs , basic cuts , scratchy sound fixes and such . It 's all here . The same goes for the video and photo programs . I have n't run into any limitations where I feel I need to upgrade any of the programs . I 've read that in the past some of the roxio programs were just okay , but the latest one is fully loaded .
 I 've been burning dvds with this product for a weeks and have not experienced any of the so called problems others have complained about . It 's amazing how there are always a clump of bad reviews saying the program does n't work and to buy something else . The truth is that the program does work and it works well . I have n't found another program that has as many burning options for disc authoring . Although there are differences in dvd drives and you could run into a problem like I did , I found Roxio 's customer support to be very responsive . Also if you look at the Nero 7 user reviews you see the same problem with people saying the program does n't work . Ignore these liars and check out reviews such as the one at pcmag.com . You can see for yourself if this program has the features that you need . This program is also on a lot of top sellers lists that I 've seen . Personally I found this program to be the best burning software in ages . The menus walk you through all the processes so it is nearly foolproof . Others have also pointed out the upgraded editing tools . I think this a a great buy .
 I 'd rather be playing outside in the summer so I 'm happy that I found this program . There are a lot of family gatherings this season and everyone wants home photos/videos shows . I 'd say that I was able to create a slide show from start to finish in less than 30 minutes . The wizard has you pick the photos , choose the viewing template , choose the transition style , and add any special effects like panning/scanning . Home video takes more time but the program still worked efficiently . Roxio 8 will handle the transfer from camcorder to pc . If you want a quick and dirty edit , the wizard is good at making the basic cuts and adding text . If you have the time you can add music and time it to the video . With the new dvd format I 've burned the shows onto a disk , readable on the tv dvd player . I 've made the shows full screen and wide screen so that people can choose the right format for their tv . You can read about the program features , but they do n't really make sense until you use them . This program has so many practical applications I know I 've just touched on a small portion of them .
 Many people have mentioned that there is an upgrade file at the roxio site which is needed if you bought the boxed version . You wo n't need it for the downloaded version though . So I think there is confusion about updates . For me the program works so well I do n't see the need for any patches besides the general upgrade.A word about the menu system . I prefered the old system and I do n't think the new layout is as intuitive . It is n't bad , but it does take a readjustment if you 've been a long time roxio user . The new system is organized by media type such as audio or photo . That is the jumping off point and then you choose the type of task . The wizards are a bit better if you would like to work outside of them . There is more flexibility between continuing with the wizard steps or exiting to do more manual options.If you have n't used previous versions you might take to the software interface faster . The enhancements are worthwhile since all the programs have added features .
 The slide show program is more than competent . You can add a number of transitions , special effects , background music . I like that there is the export to video feature so that the show becomes video footage . This is one of roxio 's stronger programs . Of course I use the disk authoring program the most . Creating dvds for dvd players is now a reality with the program . It 's far above other programs that I 've tried in the past . What about the bugs ? I did n't get any so I ca n't say they even exist . For me this is a great program .
 My laptop has an internal dvd drive that has always been finicky . I bought an external drive figuring that the dual layer feature justifies the cost . I was also unhappy with the bare basic disc authoring program provided by the laptop manufacturer . Easy media creator 8 has been the solution to handle both drives . The program has utilities which check for disk errors . I was able to salvage some of my dvds made on the internal drive since the utility program was able to fix the errors . I also tried burning a data dvd and that was successful . Then I used Easy media to burn a dual layer disc on the external drive . The drive company provided a small program but again it is a bare bones program . Easy Media detected the dual layer format so I did n't have to specify the disk format . I transferred some songs from some cds and burned a vcr dvd . The quality was just as good as the original cds . Now that I 've tested Easy media I can uninstall the 2 other burning programs . I did n't even have to use the main program and was able to handle the whole project from the drag to disc icon . There were no conflicts with those programs and EMC8 . The disc manager icon did not conflict with my antivirus/internet security software . My conclusion , this is a well made program , stable , with reliable burning/fixing software . You get what you pay for and the free programs only caused me headaches . Besides , I also get all the other programs like the editing , label and menu creators , backup utilities .
 So far I have n't encountered any problems . I like the many of the new features such as the ability to create MP3 audio files as they are playing . I 've been able to burn a DVD easily too .
 There 's so much hyperbole here that I want to just state how I found the product.disk authoring
 I got tired of having so many vhs tapes so I 'm transferring them to dvds . EMC8 has made this task possible . I did n't realize that you need special software to burn divx to dvds too until I got this program . Now I can consolidate my video clips from different sources . After this project I 'll start on saving my music to dvds too since I have a program which can handle that too .
 I know version 8 has been around for sometime so I wondered whether or not the features would still be relevant and worth getting , or else wait for another version , whenever that may be . Thanks to the www I 've been able to get some data and then made the purchase . After a few weeks of use I have n't found anything lacking . I 've been able to make widescreen videos and slide shows . My dvd player handles dual layer discs and this program lets you make them . Is there some other format that I have n't thought of or perhaps may be launching ? At any rate I know that this will keep me content for at least a year or 2 . I do n't plan to upgrade my digital camera , camcorder , nor dvd player until they break down , so I know I have the software support .
 OK , Some other programs may have more features or better features , but none put them all in a simple easy to use package like this . I can make ISO images with a simple drag and drop to the roxio Icon on my desktop ... , I rarely make `` coasters '' out of failed burns . Ver . 8 supports Lightscribe drives and disks . ! What more could you ask for ? I have tried many other software packages for burning CD 's and DVD 's and this is by far the best and the easiest to use.James HatsisJames1@OconeeAirService.com
 I agree with someone that posted that there are a bunch of liars here posting that the program does n't work . I also checked out the Nero site and you can see the same comments like it does n't work , there 's not customer support . Whoever these people are and their agenda , I would be careful about user reviews . I too have been using Roxio 's new program for a few weeks and have never encountered the problems reported by others . Several posts have said that the Tivo option does n't work . That is certainly a lie . The program recognizes the tivo files and will do the necessary conversion to burn them on a disk . It is n't a difficult process so I do n't know what the complaints are about . Also there are a lot more disk burning options which are plainly stated in the menu system . You can go to Roxio 's site or pcmag to see a slide show of the menu system and check it out for yourself . Like others here , I 'd hate to see people pass over a program that could really help them because of blatant lies .
 Could MyDVd be made any easier ? I always thought that the menu system was as simple as it gets , but the revision added an express mode which has even fewer actions . These days companies are creating more formats for digital media , but I like that the program has tried to keep that complication away from the interface . The photo program has also been altered . I can go to the tools more easily than before . There used to be more wizards but this did n't always work well for photo editing . Nice to see that someone is constantly tweaking the programs to make them more usable.I just came back from a short vacation and used a digital camera . You can go directly from the camera to a disc now , bypassing hard drive transfer . This worked out well since I brought an old pc w/o much space . I 've also tried the liveshare feature which emails thumbsize pictures so you do n't have to send large files . The email receivers can click on the thumbnails and get the full size photos . This is a different feature that I have n't heard of before .
 This is almost perfect in terms of features and interface . The new formats added since 7.5 make a lot of sense . I myself have upgraded to a dual layer dvd burner and set up stereo sound to my dvd player . EMC8 has the support for my new set up . Now I can burn dvds for playing on the dvd player , but best of all I can make dolby music dvds . I think that music cds may become obsolete and dvds and mp3 players are the way to go . I prefer dvds for music right now because higher end capacity digital players are majorily expensive . I can fit 40 hours plus on a dual layer disc . For tv watching I have a cable dvr instead of tivo , but with the software I figured out a way to transfer programs to my pc . If only we could transfer movies legitimately for personal use . I know that Hollywood and company are worried about copyright infringement and pirating , but since I buy legitmate dvds and just want the option of viewing on my pc I have to go about it in a roundabout way . I transfer from dvr to vhs and then to pc . The good part about EMC8 is that it handles the video transfer from start to finish . I can cut out ads and extras easily so the file is managable . The video merging feature let 's me put the program parts back together . I 'm extremely satisfied with the program as I now have control over my music and video .
 I 've used roxo emc8 for a a few weeks . I 'm pleased with its performance on burning dvds . The photo editor is also a great program in itself . I really wanted divx file support so I could put my video onto discs . It took me time to find a program with this capability as it is n't so common yet . If you need a disc authoring program I would try Roxio for it 's easy interface .
 For the package buyers a warning , you probably need to update the program before it will work . I wanted to see what would happen if I tried the software right out of the box and it was n't pretty . Do yourself a favor and update as soon as you get the prompt . Even if you do n't see a prompt , update !! Many retailers have a return time limit so check to make sure the program is in working order.The good part is the update seems to be the big key cause the whole program worked as well as possible . The burning program worked as expected . I even tested some video footage to make sure I did n't experience RAM problems . Lastly I used some of the smaller functions like disc scan and backup . With everything aok I 've been trying to complete some video projects . This includes menu making and label printing . If you are worried about getting a program that does n't work well on your pc , I would try to check off the functions you will use a lot . I 'm statisfied that this program will take care of my media projects .
 Most of the programs have several modes which makes working more efficient . You can do very detailed video work through the timeline mode , or just do simple tasks like adding credits through a menu . There is a sound maximization option which copies sound at the same level . Or if you need to , you can adjust each sound/music clip individually . Personally I like the quick and fast modes . But at least I know the tools are there if I want to do more complex work . The 2 level approach is clever .
 I 've used earlier version fo Roxios software and this one has a lot more features . I was able to create some dance grooves with the SoundBox rhythm sample synthesier which I 've never done before . I was then able to burn a lot of CDs onto one DVD . The manual said that you can burn 60 to 70 CDs onto one DVD . i do n't have that many CDs now , but i DID transfer about 20 very easily . I 'm not so technical but I found the menu to be easy to understand .
 This product is well worth the money , saved a lottttttt of time , very easy to operate . Buy it .
 I tried some fancy stuff with the video editor and got good results . Besides adding text the program now has objects under the text so its easier to read . That 's a small but good feature.There are now overlay effects so you can create a very original video clip . I thought the video editor would only do some very basic things but it does have some project level tools . there 's even picture inside picture function too . With alll that editing the program did n't stall so I 'm happy .
 As a classic movie fan I 'm still waiting for many movies to make it to dvd . Until then I record what I can and have been putting them on dvds . Those Vhs tapes take up a lot of space . To bad the superior 8mm format never became popular because it was so compact . roxio 8 is a great program to handle this . The menu creator is very quick and I can separate the movies into sections . You need a video editor and the one in the suite fills the bill . If there are ads I 'm able to edit them out easily .
 It 's been a long time since I used software that is as stable as Roxio 8 . I made some audio cds and the program never stalled . It was a straight forward process from transferring sound files , editing them , then burning them to disk . I even made a disc label without any bad glitch . I started using pcs back when spreadsheet calculations were unreliable and you had to have 10-key backup . Software also had to be reinstalled every few months because it would start to detiorate . Thank goodness those days are gone . Many windows programs used to freeze on my and I would lose my changes , especially when editing graphics . Most programs run smoothly now , but I did n't expect this program to be perfect . Its performance is running above average for me since I stayed in the program a long time using different tools . During that time I also downloaded some music id tags from the Roxio database . Count me as a fan of EMC .
 My trusty Mac at home has Roxio Toast , a great product . I needed to burn disks on my Dell work laptop so I got EMC8 for Windows . The pc version feels like you 're working an a MAC since you do n't have to go into the technical aspects of any of the tasks . There 's even a drag n ' drop burner icon.There is a slide show program so I put some product photos into a show along with text for a quick product preview . I turned it into a video so I could add some voice narration . I was hesitant about undertaking a media project on a pc , but it turned out as well as anything I 've made on my MAC .
 You can always find a seller who will give you a time period for returning software . I know that over the years stores have tightened up their policies because some people will load the software then return the package , even though they are using the program . It 's easy to check return policies so I have no sympathy for those who say they could n't return the product . -LRB- ... -RRB- I know that Roxio 's customer service over the years has been good as far as I 'm concerned . I 've called a few times and have written e-mails . In each case I 've gotten the necessary help and it never cost me anything.I just installed emc8 and there were none of the problems that people have mentioned here . It is a large program with advanced features so you do have to check the minimum specs before you buy it . My pc has the bare minimum required so I was concerned that it may not work . However it is running AOK and it is a great media program .
 Well , I was very satisfied with the last incarnation of Roxio 's Media Creator , but Roxio 8 is even better . The installation was totally easy , and it has caused absolutely no problems with the rest of my system . The interface is clear and easy to use , and the program works like a charm.I have always prefered Roxio to the other DVD and CD producing programs , and I still think it is the best . Bravo Roxio for you latest good product - Roxio Easy Media Creator 8 ! I use it for backup , burning DVDs , and audio CD creation . I do n't plan to use any other product . I am happy to give it 5 stars and would particularly suggest it for people who are not real experts , because it has an easy to use interface that covers all the kinds of things you need this program for.Mahalo , KD
 After looking at several programs I settled on emc8 because of the dvd music discs and widescreen video . There are a lot of programs that will burn discs but since there a ton of formats these days , you have to sort through which ones are important . Not all programs have all the same format support . If you choose to burn music dvds , then the program will give you options about the compression type . I guess dolby stereo may need certain coding since making the music dvd is different than a data disc.My other concern was transferring digital video and editing . This program did n't let me down . It supported the camcorder transfer to pc . All the basics for editing are in the program . If you want more fancy editing you may want to check into a higher end video editing program . For the money though I 'd say the video editing is sufficient . I could do what I needed including merging some clips . It was also easy to name the clips and make a menu .
 Roxio software has been included on many machines , mainly a bare basic disk burner version . It works okay but the suite is miles above that . There are a lot of disc format options and much of the process is automated , including checking the disc format in the drive . It takes little effort or knowledge to make disks with this program.I 'm new to video editing and have been using the Cinemagic program . The Roxio file tree shows all the types of media on your drive or disc . I clicked on videos and it showed me all the clips on my drive . They appeared in the same branch listing even though they were scattered into different folders on my hard drive . I chose the clip and then clicked on the add audio . Again the audio files could be seen in a small window . I created something in a minute . This was a good start for a beginner like me . I 'm now ready to try more complicated audio and video editing .
 One useful feature is the program will put a drag-to-disc icon that lets you drag files onto your recordable disc . I like having this feature to keep backing up my work . You do n't have to invoke the whole program to do this simple task . Besides that it also has file repair in the same icon . Some of my older discs have started to deteriorate and some of the files are damaged . I 've been able to recover several files .
 Friends and relatives have been sending me photos and video clips every week . It 's getting to be a nuisance if I do n't deal with all the media in a timely manner . Of course several people have asked me to send some of the media myself so I need a better organizing system . Luckily I bought emc for some of the technical features . I use it several times a week because the media manager gives you one place to see all the thumbnails . From there I make sure that I name the files so they are immediately recognizable . Now I do n't have to worry about putting my media files in organized directories when I receive them . The photo editor is quick so I will do some fast fixes . I used to wait until I had a large block of time but now I can manage everything in just a few steps and spend a few minutes/week . It 's amazing how much time you can save by using good software . Since the slide shows can be made in a few minutes , I immediately took my friend 's photos , added her favorite song , and sent back a quick show . As I get more adept at using the other features such as video editing I 'll be able to clean up by clips too .
 Wow ! I did n't know how easy it is to burn dvd discs . There are several good products to choose from now but I think this one is a cut above the rest . I 've got many divx files to archive and this program did the job . The builtin asst. took care of the steps.The other media programs were good too . Between the video and sound editors I 've been able to clip and fix the videos to my liking . There 's a lot of fonts for titles and special effects choices . Again the assistants walked me thru the steps . At least I can say that the media editing programs are good as any I 've used . If you are thinking about buying a suite check this one out .
 I 'll admit that I 'm a klutz when it comes to creativity . I prefer ready made templates to help me get projects done . I found the templates for media projects in Roxio comprehensive . There are a lot of choices to make slide shows and disc menus . If you are more artistically inclined , you can always import your self-created ones . I prefer to keep things simple and get on with it , so this program was perfect for me . The disc authoring is a no brainer too . I 've accomplished a lot with thanks to this program .
 Yesterday my new dvd/vhs player arrived . I 've been watching dvd movies on my pc , which is n't always ideal , especially when it comes to big FX movies with wide shots . I made a dvd disk with photos and some video clips for the dvd player with emc8 . Since that worked well I transferred a few of my music cds to a music dvd . That went well too so I 'm planning on putting my digital music files , tapes , and other cds on dvds . The settop dvd burners are on the expensive side and less versatile than pc ones . I think you get more options if with a program like roxio 8 so you can create the types of disks you want . There are media editing programs also in the pack to give you control over your media files .
 I 'm an old timer with stacks of music/videos from old formats including cassette tapes , beta/8 mm videos , lps . It 's nearly impossible to get players if your old equipment breaks down so nows the time to do something about it . I do n't feel like replacing all the music with cds and mp3 files so I got emc8 . The ease of use was a main factor in my buying decision . After that the internet id database put this above other music managers . I resisted buying old music on cds so I do n't have many of those . The id system makes digital song files with updated information . It 's a great system that I have n't been able to find in other programs.Videos are another matter . I have lots of home video on 8 mm and needed to put these on dvds . The video editing progam is quick so I can edit the files accurately and id them with title screens . emc8 will generate indexes and menus so everything is organized . I do n't know when dvds will become obsolete , but I 'll be in better shape to transfer from dvds when the time comes .
 My pc has 256 RAM and the roxio program runs smoothly . As many people have pointed out this is an easy program to use . The update files on the Roxio Web Site are easy to install and should fix most problems . I 'm happy to report that EMC8 is up and running on my pc and I 've been able try most of the programs . Since I heard some complaints about the tivo files I tried burning some tivo programs to a disk . The program recognizes the files and does the necessary conversions to transfer them to a disc . I ca n't think of a way it could be made easier . The tivo function is only the tip of the iceberg . I 'm still digging into the numerous photo and video editing options . In summary , big program , small learning curve , no major bugs .
 All I can say at some of the comments is ... what the ??? Who cares if the software company is n't American . Nero is a German company so there are crazy rantings.On to the software . I have a so so pc with 40GB . I was able to install this program and still had room to edit video . The specs say that 5 minutes of video takes 1GB . Of course the program burns dvds so I just archive everything onto a dvdrw . I do n't have to get another hard drive yet since the dvd burning is working so well.There are plenty of templates for the menus , slide shows , etc. . I do n't see the need to invest in more at this point . But like all software I keep my eye out for rebate deals and will buy it if I like the price . It is an extra which I can live without.I had a few problems at first and checked out the web site . You need to download a fix for the boxed version of the product . Once I installed the fix everything ran smoothly . The menus are self explanatory and with little effort I 've been able to burn discs and edit video footage . Menu creation also takes little effort as the ` assist ' walks you through .
 My pc is several years old and so there is a good chance that software may not work well on my Edsel . However a took a chance with Roxio 8 'cause I wanted the divX and tivo file support . It turns out that the program works on my pc without hanging up . I was even willing to upgrade to 512MB RAM , but the video file editing worked with just 256MB . If you are hesitant about an older pc , it is easy to post to the Roxio boards . They have been responding to questions rather quickly.I will upgrade my monitor so that I can take full advantage of the widescreen video/slide show support . Since I watch dvds on my pc , it is worth it to have a good monitor . The tivo programs will also look good on the widescreen . Until then I 'm catching up on some tv shows . My tivo hd was getting full and with a new season of shows like 24 and BattleStar G showing I needed to free it up . This Roxio program let me convert the tivo programs to dvd disks . I have n't seen the tivo feature on other software programs so luckily everything I tried in the suite has been working great .
 There are a lot of complaints here that I did n't see when I used the program . I just bought a widescreen 32 in . lcd tv set . The 16:9 video support has come in handy for viewing on the new set . Last week was my son 's b-day so I made several projects w / this program . I made a slide show in widescreen and also edited video footage . I burned the show and video on a dvd disc and did n't have any stumbling blocks . It 's one of my best software buys ever .
 Wow !! I ca n't believe we are talking about the same product . If anything , easy media 8 is the antithesis of useless . There 's so many useful programs that it 's beyond useful , it is an essential suite . If there are running problems , I suggest upgrading the software with the patch at the official website . After several months of use and checking for updates , I have only had to use that one patch . How many times does windows/IE have to be patched ? Nearly weekly . There 's no comparison if a large suite does n't need frequent updates and the most widely used programs have to constantly fixed with patches upon patches . If Windows XP is considered good , then Roxio emc8 is stupendous.Onto the features . MyDVD is packed with new features . I do n't think other packages have so many new file conversion support . There is divX , a great compression format which many of us do n't even know we use . If you 've downloaded any clips then you probably have divX files . You can save your clips in this format without loss of quality . I do n't have an HD tv yet but you can make photo/video projects in this format.Photo editor is outstanding . This is no wimpy MS Works wannaby editor . Instead it has everything you can think of of to fix photos . The layering mode will prevent wasted time since you can make some changes and save or discard.Video editor has advanced features which are good enough to create a music video . You can make multiple cuts and move the footage around along with merging clips . I managed to make a home movie video of a trip to Europe complete with title screens , some still photos , and properly timed music.I could go on about the audio and slide show programs too but suffice to say they are also quality programs . Even if you may find some features lacking , this is still the best suite out there .
 I 've lost a lot of time trying to burn cds over the years . I ca n't tell you how many ` write errors ' I have seen and had to start all over . This includes the old versions of roxio 's software . In the last few years the burners and software have improved so that I rarely get problems with cds . Now that I 've switched to dvds , the burning is longer since it holds more data . Roxio 8 has some compression file options which saves time and space . The disk utilities are helpful in fixing some of the disk problems too . It 's a good burning program with features that help make the process go more smoothly . The menu creator is also fast .
 I agree with others that say that the customer support policy is confusing . However I called the phone line and there really is n't a charge if you have a real problem . The support person said the fee is just a way of discouraging people who would tie up lines to ask things about how to use the software , in other words tutorial seekers . I 've had to go through other company 's phone support and many of them are similar . If there is any conflict with another program or some problem with hardware they wo n't charge . Maybe roxio should do away with the fee since they do n't really charge anyway.Getting on to installation , I called and found out I had to download the latest patch . Be forewarned , you ca n't skip this step or the program wo n't run properly . It is not a mere driver update or something minor . The good news is that the patch install is easy to do.As for the features , this is why I have to give it the highest ranking . I have n't had to use any instruction manual yet because the features are easy to figure out . If you know what you want to put on a disc and the type of format to make , you 're practially done . The program reads the raw disc format and is already several steps ahead . The audio program is just as easy to use . I 've been playing with fades and interval timing between songs . The best thought out feature is the maximum volume recording so that all the songs will be at the same volume level when you transfer them to cd or dvd . I also been fooling around adding music to photo slide shows . It does n't take much time with the way this program creates wizard driven projects .
 I have owned a few products from Roxio and I have always received good customer support . The response time has always been just 1-2 days at the most . I find it hard to believe those who are posting that Roxio has no customer support . Count me as one who has had great customer service experience.This new software has been running on my pc with no glitches . So far I 've been able to make my own music video complete with special effects and photo inserts . It also supports 16:9 widescreen video . I would also warn people that some people are up to no good and just like bashing products . It would be a shame if people missed out on trying this product because some people get off on messing with people 's heads .
 Got the burning blues ? Does your burning software lack divX , HD , dvd-vr , and dual layer functions ? Does your software cause cd write errors with no way to fix them ? I had all these problems until I used emc8 . My new dual layer burner did n't work with ny old roxio software . Granted I only had the pc provided old version so it was due for an upgrade . I also would experience cd write errors but this new version has a utility that will check the disk . I did try it on some old cds and was able to get some of the errors fixed . But when I used emc8 to burn cds , I have n't had the same write error problems occur . Another extra is a very strange option that removes vocals from songs . It is a karoke song maker -LRB- my term -RRB- and I was shocked this was included . The rest of the program is what you would expect . Video , music , photo editors , photo projects , all sorts of backup options , blah blah blah . It sounds dull but experienced users know how wrong these basic tasks can go . I found all the editing programs to be more than servicable . It is reliable software to the max .
 I agree with many here that this is an easy program to use . I thought that burning dvds would be complicated and was ready for a lot of trial and error . I think this program eliminates the complexity . If you want to copy a disk choose the disk copy menu item , if you want to make a music dvd choose that option . There 's a lot of other features but the disk burning is most important .
 It 's been a long time since I 've encountered a program that I thought could do so much and that I felt like using all the time . Roxio 's emc 8 has made big strides since 7.5 . There has been no conflicts with XP and 8 runs even faster than 7.5 . Burning dvds with roxio is so straight forward that it is difficult to mess up . I had another major company 's disc authoring program on the computer and the dvds never played on my dvd player . Now they work perfectly since that option is built-in . Also a word about customer service . I had some trouble after installation , but I had also installed a shareware connection manager a few days after . I thought there were emc8 possible problems but I got an email back from roxio saying to try the connection manager first without emc8 . The connection manager alone was causing crashes . I uninstalled that software and then installed emc8 again . There were no more crashes so I had mistakenly blamed emc8 . Also I did get a reasonable response so I think customer service is just fine . I 'd say that this is the best media package .
 I 'm surprised at one review and have to question if the user really tried the software . Making slide shows is easy -- start the slide show maker wizard , choose the photos , choose the style , choose custom choices like timing and your done . Frankly other programs are good at this too so I do n't know why anyone could say that the slide show maker is deficient . If you want extra options you can always choose the convert to video option and use those features.My personal favorite is the multidisc burner function . I have an internal and an external dvd drive . I can burn 2 discs at the same time and save oodles of time . I also like that you can choose the amount of file compression . There is always the quantity versus quality debate , but in this case I did n't see enough difference in sound and visual quality to worry about this aspect of burning discs .
 Tired of sifting through endless steps just to burn a freakin cd/dvd ? So was I until I tried using EMC8 for burning . Now much to say except that you pick the content and drag it to the disk . You can pick the disk type and the program goes through the process . Now that 's what I call true simplicity.If you are interested in converting video tapes to your pc then you may want to consider the Deluxe version . This package has the same software as EMC8 but includes the Dazzle video converter . That is the package that I actually bought . The software offers so much more than video though . You get an advanced photo editor , utilities , audio editor , etc. . You can compare the Dazzle cost alone plus software vs. the Deluxe pack . Personally I found that the package was much lower if you include the -LSB- ... -RSB- It would n't be worth it though if the software did n't work . Thank goodness it not only works , but it is a top grade one .
 I have a friend who does n't watch much tv but likes the shows and clips I send her . Now that there are more shows on the net I can edit the video files and compile them onto a DVD for her to watch on her dVD player . I used to make vhs tapes for her but she does n't have a vcr any more . DVD discs are easier to send anyway . Roxio makes it easy to organize the clips , convert them , and then create a menu . The menu templates were attractive and even had some motion menus to choose from . I mix up some home made movies along with entertainment clips . This is how I got my friend hooked on Sex and The City . For those who are worried that studios are losing money , she ended up buying 3 sets of all the seasons of SATC DVDs , one for her , one for her parents , and one for her sister . She 's also bought all the Frasier dvds after I sent her a few episodes .
 I 've been able to edit photos with creator 8 since I just got a digital camera . I was using Paint Pro and I think that this program is just as good . I have n't been able ot try all the dvd/cd burning features yet . However it wokrked well when I made an audio cd . The menu is much easier to use now .
 It 'd so hard to keep up these days with the dvd and cd format types . I had to look up which discs I needed because I did n't know the difference between cdr , cdr + , divX , and all the others . I thought that the dvd formats were compatible because I played rental dvds on my pc . At least Roxio has had the foresight to make it clear what type of format you are burning . It also makes it easy to create a compilation dvd by mixing different video formats . The software will also compress the video so it fits into a single disc . My sister has Roxio 7.5 and I found that the menus were a lot different . You may have a learning curve if you were used to that version . The bad - I 'm spending too much time downloading and making media projects . In some ways the days of shooting 8mm video was easier since it was n't that easy to edit so no one expected much . Now you can slice , dice , color , add music and everyone expects to see a polished project . At least I was able to use this software without spending time reading the manual .
 There are many parts to this suite , but once you learn the toolsets and menus on one part , you pretty much have learned how to use the other parts . Usually you have to learn separate programs for photo editing , video editing , and slide shows . emc8 really shortens the learning curve . I also checked out the latest review in pcmag.com . It explains the software features and compares it to Nero 7 . The user reviews here have also given a good overview of the features . I 've been using the audio dvd burner function a lot . Now I only have to carry around a few dvds since most of my music fits onto 2 dvds . I 've burned more than 80 hours between the 2 disks . The menus give a lot of info and are arranged smartly so it 's easy to find the songs , even wiht so many on one disk . My next step is to start downloading the music I want and burn them onto a dvd . I have a small mp3 player so I do n't use it for storage . I 'm scared that if I lose the player then my songs are gone . I 'd rather have duplicate dvds to ensure that I keep the music as long as possible .
 There is a lot of griping here , but I have n't seen any signs of the problems others have mentioned . The disc burning menu could n't be easier to understand and the dvds I burned were playable in a regular dvd player . I 've checked other software suites and I think Roxio has made the best one because of their menu system and the strong editing tools . Like others here , I 've found the photo editing tools especially strong .
 Like a lot of people I was surprised at the advances in the photo editing tools . Most suites have stripped down versions of programs , but this Roxio package has Photoshop-like functions . Their are calendar , albums , and card projects . The Roxio PhotoSuite program also has layered editing . I expected the basic functions of cropping , red eye , sharpness , etc. , but the object layering is usually found in more powerful standalone programs . Layering graphics and text makes it much more easy to make changes than if the elements are embedded in the photo file . That prevents starting over if you do n't like your results . The cloning tool also is a great advanced feature . I edit photos a lot and I thought that I would just get Roxio 's dvd burning software and upgrade my photo editing program . I 'm glad I bought the Suite and I saved money in the long run . My only nitpick is that I 'd like more options in the resize tool . This tool is adquate though and the other advantages make up for this .
 I did n't expect disk burning to be so simple . The program can detect what type of media is in your drive . You do n't even have to specify what you are copying . There are so many formats now that you do n't have to worry about making the wrong choice and starting the disk process and wasting time . I 've duplicated several disks for dvd players and all the disks came out perfectly.I do n't know another product right now that has so many format options and has made it easy to complete the process without having much technical say so . I know that people have to spend their well earned dollars and want their money 's worth . I have n't found any reason to doubt that anyone will have any regrets buying it .
 First I have to say that I installed this software on my desktop and laptop . I did n't experience any problems . One of my computers has a lot of software and I 'm trying to reduce the number of programs so I bought this suite . I have n't been disappointed . Maybe Roxio 's new relationship with Sonic has helped them push their video editing software to a new level . I ca n't even compare their past versions because I used to find them just adequate . Now they even have a picture in picture feature . The photo editing tools have been really good too . The intuitive menu system also makes it easy to pick your disc format and source .
 The wealth of options is astounding . All the functions have wizards which walk you through each process , however you have enough options if you want to do something outside of the wizard . I 've been making Xmas song audio dvds from my old tapes and cds . The song index was created automatically and the program even identified the artist correctly . There are so many versions of Silent Night that I was skeptical , but the Roxio database found the right version . I decided to categorize the same songs but different artists in the menu . That way I could mix up the more updated rock/hip hop sounding ones with the classical ones which the older people like . There is an option to sort tracks in your own method so I did n't have to stick with the usual artist and album way . This also saved me from burning different dvds for everyone since I could then duplicate from the newly made disc . Yeah some people will be getting songs they do n't want , but they can easily choose their favorites to play .
 Roxio EMC 8 was the stem of all my issues with the drive read errors and system hanging during shutdown . Do n't get me wrong , I love the product if it would work . It blows Nero 7 away , but I can not live with those 2 issues . Imageburn -LRB- 3rd party product -RRB- and EAC wo n't work after installation and my systems locks during shutdown where I have to hard power off to reset . Even Windows Explorer locked up simply trying to view the contents of my DVD drive . Uninstalling the EMC 8 solved all issues I was having . It has been a frustrating 24 hours as I thought my system committed suicide and I rebuilt the Windows XP installation with a clean format . Same issues after on a clean system after EMC 8 install . I almost bought a new computer thinking it was the machine.However , I posted a message on their forums and one of their tech support dev guys called me out of the blue . The issue ended up being related to my PC-Cillin AV and he was able to get things working after in depth troubleshooting . Wow , wish all companies had support like Roxio !!! I never asked for this kind of help and they took it to the max . I highly recommend their products.Thanks Patrick !
 I 'm looking into launching a small internet business and emc8 is a good tool to prepare materials . I 've taken product shots with a digital camera and edited them with the program . I was even able to make a more artistic looking photo collage with text and photo special effects for the intro . You ca n't always depend on your Web site if someone is travelling w/o internet access , so giving away discs is still a major business promo piece . I made disc copies by myself since I do n't need large quanties to justify outsourcing . And should also state that I have average technical abilities . emc8 is easy enough to use so I have n't had to spend my time on learning the ins and outs . It goes without saying that I now use the program for my personal stuff too . I fill my Tivo quickly since I do n't have much time to watch it regularly . I 've tried transferring the Tivo programs to discs so I can keep recording my favorite programs and clear up space .
 This is very good . I edited many photos and video clips . Then I made cd disks with the program . No installation or freezing problem . I say to try it and no regret . I understand the menus and it was simple . Now I have many cds that I made .
 After all the years of using Roxio software I 've become aware of the strengths and faults . I think that Version 8 has taken the best of Roxio 's features and learned from the weaknesses . Readable , easy to use menus have always been at the top and this program is no exception . There are so many new features that poor menus could have really affected the overall program usability . Burning discs is a chore , but this program makes the it much easier .
 Its hard to imagine another program that does so many things . I thought that disc burning would be a matter of choosing between a few formats only . There is so much more which I learned once I opened up the menus . I guess some formats need file conversions so they work on a disc . This software will handle the conversions after you decide what disk format to burn . The virtual disk is a big help so you can do disk copies without having to reread a disk . I 've tried burning one music dvd . The program has compression options so you can opt for higher quality or try to fit as much as possible . At any rate the Roxio menus are easy to navigate so you can get your burning done quickly .
 For those of us who do n't want to study all the tech verbage and intracacies , emc8 is a great program . What could be more simple than just clicking on the menu item and having the program guide you . I noticed that roxio 8 is in the top 15 of Amazon 's top sellers . I think it shows that the program is usable for most people , not just the techies . The slide show creator is broken down into just a few steps . I found there were enough format options though to get a good range of looks . I knocked off one star because the program did n't really work until I downloaded the fix . I would hope that by the time the program is boxed it would n't have major problems . The good news is that the fix cleared up the problems .
 I was put off by some of the comments here and had some doubts about roxio emc8 . However my brother said it was a good product so I downloaded the program . It has been a pleasure to use a program that has all the steps laid out . There are a lot of parts to the program and I 've found use for most of them . I think the video editing is especially strong and has a clever editing system . Lots of websites have the specs so you can see the features easily . Without going into detail , I 'll just say that Roxio Easy Media Creator is my most used program next to my browser/email reader .
 Since this was a long weekend I had time to really give emc8 a workout and check a lot of the programs.disk authoring
 I ca n't tell you how many programs have had me pulling my hair . Even if I manage to fix a problem I ca n't remember how I did it . I 'm grateful for Roxio 8 since the interface has you click on your project button and then leads the way . I have a lot of financial files I needed to archive on disks since its that time of the year . Tax time is stressful enough without worrying about the program 's disc making performance . I made a data cd and was thrilled with the disc copy menu item . My husband has been making photo albums w / this program too .
 I was very pleased with the product and also the prompt service receiving the product . Thank youRon Schoeber
 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not knocking the program 's disc burning ability . It 's just that there are so many parts to the program and so much you can do . The authoring ? Even if you are n't sure what you want to do , the menu system has everything already as a choice . Other programs are fine if you know exactly what you want , but this interface is targeted to novices . I just learned that a dvd music cd is a different format . The program takes care of the details of getting your music to disc in a few steps . I liked that you can put album art too on the disc.As for the rest , you have programs to edit media files . These programs too are laid out well . It 's here that you can chop , add , alter , etc. sound , video , photos . All are easy to use but if you want certain editing tools , I 'd check the specs first before buying . I 'd rate them several steps higher than basic Microsoft freeware.Media projects like photo cards , collages , music videos , slide shows , etc. are also easy to make . The package has a lot of templates now so you can play around with different styles of menus and labels too . I finished several projects in just a few hours so no complaints on performance .
 I have media player , real player , and quicktime on my pc , but they still run after I installed emc8 . Count me as someone who has n't had conflict problems.If you are new to disk authoring , this program is perfect 'cause you can follow the menus and burn the type of discs you want . If you 're more experienced you still have a myriad of choices and some options outside of the menu system.I have n't done a lot of editing except for photos . No complaints here , there are plenty of features to fix and alter them . I never thought of making slide shows but the program makes it so easy I 've ended up making a lot of them . The program shows all the photos on your pc or disc in one place . You can just push the ctrl key and click on the photos you want to add to the show . Then you choose your template style and transitions . That 's it . If you want a more elaborate show then you can use other options . Very easy and fast .
 If you have a lot of music and want to transfer it to other mediums try this There are a lot of products which will burn discs and you may not want a suite if that 's all you need . I found that I had options that I did n't even think of until I used this software . example , some audio cds have different volume levels so you might want to adjust everything to the same level . The sound maximizer makes the music at the same volume level . I found this useful when mixing taped music with mp3 and bought cds . It is also easy to control the transitions between songs.Everything I did only took a few clicks . This program is loaded with automated features . You also have options on how to organize your music . Bottom line , the menu system is intuitive and the steps are fast . I also know that if you have problems with the software it is easy to return it or use customer support . I had some technical issues with version 7 and went to the Roxio site frequently . I think this version is better since it was up and running as soon as the installation program finished .
 This is such a great product I hardly know where to begin . At last I have a program to burn music dvds and clean up my library . I 'm holding off downloading mp3 files until I see how much music I have on other media . My parents gave me their lps so I 'm transferring them onto dvds . Sometimes the lps are scratched so I may replacde those songs with mp3 versions . However most of the lp music has been recorded onto the dvds and the quality is astounding . I 'm grateful that Roxio has added id tags so that you do n't have to waste time putting all the info . The id info lets you make menus in a variety of ways . This has saved me several hours of time.Since I 've been using this program for several weeks without trouble , I also would recommend this product to anyone . How can anyone say that it 's no good . I found just the opposite , it is great and works with almost no glitches .
 SINCE I GAVE 5/5 TO ROXIO-8 , YOU GUYS PROBABLY UNDERSTOOD THAT I LIKE ROXIO-8 MORE THAN ANY ATHOR AUTHORING SOFTWARES -LRB- LIKE NERO OR INTERVIDEO OR PINNACLE ETC. . . -RRB- WHY ROXIO-8 IS THE BEST WHILE LOOKING ON THE OTHER HAND NERO-7 IS NOT THAT GREAT -LRB- IT 'S OKAY . . -RRB- -LRB- 1 -RRB- FIRST THING FIRST UNLIKE ROXIO-8 , NERO-7 TRY TO BECOME OVER SMART IN OUR SYSTEM -LRB- COMPUTER -RRB- , ONES YOU INSTALL NERO-7 THATS IT , NERO-7 WILL TRY TO BE LIKE A HACKER , IT WILL CHANGE THE ICONS -LRB- LIKE IT DID FOR ADOBE READER -RRB- , DEFAULT SETTINGS -LRB- AUDIO , VIDEO PLAYER -RRB- , MICROSOFT WINDOWS MEDIA CENTER EDITION , AHAAA NERO-7 INSTALL ITS OWN `` MEDIA CENTER '' WHICH IS THE STUPIDEST PROGRAM I 'VE EVER SEEN IN NERO-7 , NERO-7 ACT LIKE A HERO , BUT INFACT ITS NOTHING MORE THAN A ZERO . -LRB- 2 -RRB- SECOND , NERO-7 DOESNT DO WHAT IT SUPPOSE TO DO , I WOULD SAY ONLY 66 % OUT OF 100 OF ITS FUNCTIONS WORKS . IN ROXIO-8 , I WOULD SAY MORE THAN 85 % OUT OF 100 OF ITS FUNCTIONS WORKS PERFECTLLY.ROXIO-8 DOES WHAT IT SAYS . -LRB- 3 -RRB- TRY TO MAKE AUDIO-DVD -LRB- DVD-AUDIO -RRB- IN NERO-7 , I BET YOU NERO-7 WILL NOT BE ABLE TO MAKE DVD-AUDIO DIRECTLLY FROM MP3 OR WAV FILES . FIRST YOU NEED TO CONVERT MP3 OR WAV IN SOME WIERD FORMAT , AND ONLY GOD KNOWS HOW TO CONVERT THAT IN NERO-7 . I TRIED TO MAKE SAME THING -LRB- AUDIO-DVD -RRB- IN ROXIO-8 , DONT NEED TO CONVERT ANY FORMAT , NO ANY HARD THINKING PROCESS , YOU JUST ADD MP3 OR WAV IN TO IT , AND THATS IT ROXIO-8 WILL DO REST OF THE PROCESS , SEE ROXIO-8 IT THAT EASY . -LRB- 4 -RRB- ATTENTION MUSIC LOVERS , IF YOU DONT HAVE TAG ID -LRB- LIKE NAME , AUTHOUR , GENERE , TIME ETC. ... -RRB- IN YOUR SONG , GOOD NEWS IS ROXIO-8 WILL DO IT VERY VERY SIMPLY . IN NERO-7 I DONT EVEN THINK THAT THAY HAVE PROVIDED THAT FUNCTION . CONVERTING YOUR OLD LPS/CASSETTE INTO CD IS REALLY GREAT AND EASY IN ROXIO-8 . YOU DO IT IN NERO-7 IT WILL TAKE A LONG TIME TO FIGURE OUT ITS FUNCTIONALITY . -LRB- 5 -RRB- HOW CAN I FORGET DVD-AUTHORING . NERO-7 IS THE WORSE SOFTWARE IN MAKING CUSTOM DVDs . NOT A SINGLE FUNCTION WORK PROPERLLY IN NERO-7 LIKE DVD-COPY , DVD-AUTHORING . I TRIED THOSE FUNCTIONS IN ROXIO-8 , ALL OF THEM WORKS 100 % PERFECT , INFACT I WOULD SAY NOT ONLY PERFECT BUT EASY AND PROFESSIONLLY , ROXIO-8 IS THE BEST SOFTWARE IN DVD-AUTHORING -LRB- 6 -RRB- EXTRACTING AUDIO SONGS , AUDIO TRACKS , FROM DVD IS VERY EASY AND PROFESSIONALLY IN ROXIO-8 -LRB- BECAUSE U CAN DIRECTLLY CONVERT IN TO ANY FORMATE LIKE MP3 , WAVE ... -RRB- . NERO-7 NOT EVEN COME CLOSE IN THAT FUNCTION , ONLY GOD TELL ME HOW TO EXTRACT SONGS FROM DVD IN NERO-7 . -LRB- 7 -RRB- THERE ARE MANY MORE COOL , PROFESSIONAL AND USER FRIENDLY FUNCTIONALLITY IN ROXIO-8 BUT NOT IN NERO-7 , `` ROXIO EASY -LRB- EASY -RRB- MEDIA CREATOR 8 IS REALLY EASY , NERO-7 ULTRA EDITION IS ULTRA HARD `` AN AMERICAN KNOWS WHAT AN AMERICAN WANT , AND HOW IT WANT , ROXIO-8 A CALIFORNIA -LRB- AMERICAN -RRB- BASED PRODUCT , NERO-7 GERMANY -LRB- EUROPEAN -RRB- PRODUCT ...
 I 'm almost a senior citizen and I get by with using some programs , but I 'm not good when I hit any technical problems . For my wedding I wanted to make a slide show with photos . The program was about 4 years old and I could n't figure out how to get the file onto a disc . I ended up having to take my whole computer so we could play the slide show at the reception . I wish I had known about this software last year . My friend told me that I need to make the slide show self running , or else I would need a pc with the same program . She suggested I buy roxio 8 . I 've been able to salvage my wedding slide show by recreating it in the program . It did n't take long to put the slides in order and get the timing right . My friend then told me to make it into a video so that I could add the music and it would also be self running . From there I clicked on the dvd option and saved it successfully . I know for other people it seems like my problems were easily fixed . Since I do n't know a lot of tech oriented people I endured hours of frustration . Now I 'm sold on the roxio software since I could understand the steps and make it do what I wanted . Take it from a dog considered too old to learn new tricks , you can keep progressing even if you are starting from level 0 .
 We have a bunch of people over and 1 friend wanted to put their digital pictures on the pc . We did n't need the specific software for their camera because the program recognized it and managed the transfer . We created a photo slide show in a few minutes . I then burned it onto a dvd for the tv dvd player so we can watch it later on . Back to the party , but now several people want to play with my pc and use the program .
 If you use Windows you have to understand folders and that organizing the files is important . The first time I used EMC8 I was astounded to find that it had put all my photos on my pc into the media manager . The photos were in different folders on my pc so I thought I would have to put everything into one folder . It turns out that the Roxio media mgr . will track all the media as long as the extension is correct . For example , I just made a slide show and thought that I would have to do the usual browse folders . Instead the media mgr put thumbnails of all the photos on my pc . It also continues to search for media files so it is a fluid program.I do n't know why another user said that you can only choose 2 seconds between photos in the slide show creator . I was able to choose 20 seconds . I have never made a slide show so fast . The media manager is a big part of that since I did n't have to search for all my photos and put them in one folder . I can skip using explorer and my computer for organizing the media files from now on and just use the Roxio manager . As a long time Windows user I 'm used to having to keep on top of organizing my files , but now it is no big deal .
 Since I got EMC8 I 've been doing a lot of disk burning . I ca n't think of any other way the options could have been laid out more efficiently . I have 2 burners and this software supports multi disk burning . I 've been taking advantage of the feature and have cut my burning time in half.I 've tried moving songs to the dvd in compressed and uncompressed formats . I could n't tell the difference so I 'm using the compression option . You can fit a lot more songs that way . At least you are given the choice . If you are an audiophile you might consider this option . The dolby digital sound has let me burn identical quality music onto dvds . I 'd say that you ca n't go wrong with creating your music discs with this program . It 's hard to imagine any other program could make the process any easier .
 Lucky for me I just upgraded my pc which was 5 years old . I did n't get a top of the line one , but the server cost less than $ 350 w/o a monitor . I wanted to work more with video clips and my old pc really could n't handle the video editing work . I got emc8 to manage the clips and I could n't be happier . I downloaded the program last month and there has n't been any updates since.Emc8 has a plug and play feature for camcorders . I could transfer footage and play around with it . The standard mode is really intuitive . For scenery clips I was able to add titles with the location and date info along with music . My camcorder is widescreen and the program has this option.I 've burned several dvds for the player and even made copies with the disk copy mode . Everyone I gave them to could play them on their own players . There have been a lot of comments both good and bad in this forum , but my personal experience is that this is a great program for both editing and burning .
 I have to take issue with those who say this is buggy . The software runs as well as can be . I 've learned that just because someone says that the software is buggy , you may not find that that 's not the case at all . I 'm still using XP and have n't upgrading the running system . Yet EMC8 , a fairly new program runs well . Of course that is not enough to recommend a program . As a digital management suite , this covers everything I needed and then some . The home page shows all the media files on your computer , organized by audio , video , and photo . You can select the files you want to work on and enter the editing programs . The Deluxe version emphasizes video because it includes the Dazzle video transfer converter . Starting there , the editor has complete editing functions to create , cut , merge , etc. the file . There are plenty of disc options to save the file to . If you have a widescreen camcorder like I do , the program will handle this format . You can add audio and photos too and make a highly original video . The other media editing programs are also great . I say score one for the consumer who can get a quality program in spite of the pitfalls of programming for Windows .
 The Roxio Mac programs have always been on the cutting edge while I felt that there was room for improvement in the pc versions . Now I think that emc8 has finally achieved the equivalent of the Mac software status that that Toast and Popcorn have reached . Major improvements are evident in the program . The menus make more sense and the programs all have added features . Most important may be the addition of widescreen video and the dvd player codec . After those I would choose the music compression next as I want as few disks as possible . A word about negativity , I can see all software programs have negative comments . I know that most people are more likely to post if they find something wrong . However that does n't mean that the software is completely unworthy . I myself have liked the performance and think that it is even better than 7.5 , and that 's saying a lot . I think that programmers are better now that they 've had several years to get to know XP so the programs are even more stable . At least that 's what I can surmise after using this product .
 I guess I 'm another media fiend who has too many songs and too many movies in different formats . And yes , I even have a working beta video player . The unit was fixed about 5 years ago so I 'm hesitant to part with it , but it 's almost impossible to find beta tapes . Now I 'm glad I never got rid of it because current technology has dvd storage . If you 're unfamiliar with beta , this video format is far superior to VHS . The quality is much higher and you do n't lose much quality when dubbing . Instead of dubbing to VHS , I can dub to my pc dvd drive . EMC8 has the tools to handle the conversion . The menu maker , label maker , video and audio editors also supply the tools to edit the final footage and organize too . I can fit a lot on dual layer disks so I do n't have to worry about editing first . I 'm dumping the raw footage to the dvds and then I 'll go back and edit everything . With only one package to deal with I 'm sending my time on the project work instead of finding , installing , and learning programs .
 I 've been aching to do something about my photos and found this program to be the answer . Photo editing was n't enough , I needed an archiving program tool . This photo software is as good as any that I 've tried before . You know the drill , there is the cropping tool , resizing , tint/hue adjustment , special effects . This also has the layer editing mode which lets you play around more with the photo . You can edit in layers and dump the ones you do n't like wihtout affecting other edits.The archiving modes has good choices . You can organize photos in an album , collage , or slide show . I 've tried all the options and all of them are good . Since I want to save the photos in as high a quality image as possible , the photo sizes are big . That leads me to the disc burning . I 've left a rewritable dvd in my drive as back up . You can use the quick disk manager which can reside in memory . Just choose the files and drag them to the disk icon . The other option to use is to burn giveaway discs . I 've used the cd , dvd-pc , and dvd player formats . It 's a good solution package .
 My pc desktop is one big mess since I 'm not too good at separating the files into folders . Imagine my surprise when I opened up the easy media software for the first time and saw all my media files organized under photos , videos , and sound . The main menu has a media manager that points to all the media files , as long as they have the right extensions , and lets you access them by type . I saw files that I had forgotten about and could n't remember where they were on the pc.Now that I have access , it was easy to burn cds and free up the hard drive . The slide show maker was stellar too . The program lets you click on the photos and then puts them in a show . There are various templates and styles to choose from . I have a bunch of short video clips which I also saved on discs . I have n't gotten around to editing the video but at least everything is backed up and I now have more room on my pc to handle video editing .
 The menus have the disc burning options laid out plainly . Burning cds and dvds can get messy but Roxio put a lot of burning options such as combining multiple disks , compressing wmv & divx files , and even divx hd disks options . There are a bunch more choices too . I 've burned dvd audio discs which play on my dvd player so I do n't know what others are complaining about.Something unexpected , the software does system restore and auto backups . My computer has been low on storage so this program has freed up a lot of space . Instead of a new drive I 'm making a disc library , which is better since they are portable .
 I bought this program mainly to transfer my music tapes to dvds and my mp3 player . A few of the tapes have glitches from years of being played . The program let me remove those pops so that I 'm left with a better quality song . The transfer went well because it sounds great on both the dvd player and mp3 player . I was also able to download the songs id information since the tapes never had that info to begin with . This tool alone made the purchase worth the price . With most places charging $ 1.00 / song I 'm already saving the cost of replacing the songs . I do have a few ones where I could n't salvage the tape so I will download those songs . Luckily I no longer have to buy the whole album worth of titles .
 I 've been using a lot of the programs in this suite when I ran into a problem . I got an error message when I tried to make a disk . I called customer support and they said that there was no charge for the call . I was concerned if they would charge 35 dollars , but the operator said that they are trying to prevent unnecessary calls and few people end up paying the fee . We traced the problem to a physical problem with the disk so it was n't the software . I do n't know how anyone can say that the company charges a fee and then does n't respond . My experience could n't have been better . Meanwhile I 'm enjoying using the product to make my Xmas photo projects .
 This software hasn an astonishing array of features . In this version they have achieved the seemingly contradictory goal of making things both easier to use & richer in terms of features . For ex . slide show creation ca n't be easier via the wizard but at the end of the wizard if you want to tweak the slide show more , you can click a button to export it to another applicaiton to edit to your heart 's content . They do this disc labels , DVDs , music discks photo projects and probably other areas . I 've seen nothing like it elsewhere .
 For once a software company has put the user first instead of just trying to get out the next release . This is a huge program , yet it installed easily and everything works really good . I was afraid that it would crash when I edited videos , but it did n't happen . I also loaded a large photo and was doing multilayering editing . That too worked without problems . With the cloning tool i was able to fix the skin of someone . I guess this replaces the old airbrushing on photos . That was an expensive process and now you can edit on the computer . Anyway I like the editing tools a lot and do n't know what installation/working problems some people have been complaining about . I did n't experience any problems and I expect most people will have no problems either .
 I was worried that some of awful things said here about this software may be true when the photo slide show did n't work right for me . I could create the show but the photos were n't showing up correctly . I decided to chance the phone line and ask about the cost . Since I was having a real problem they said I did n't have to pay anything . The Roxio rep said to try my screen resolution display . My laptop display had a default of 16-bit . I changed it to 32-bit and ta dum , everything worked . Now I 'm editing my photos and even the videos . I never would have thought of checking something so simple . I do n't know why people are saying that Roxio does n't respond to their customers because my experience could n't have been better .
 My experience has been so positive I 've got to chime in here . Pcs and software can cause headaches , but good software is programmed to take the major hardware and software into account . I ca n't understand some of the complaints because they never ocurred when I installed and used it . I do n't think installation could be clearer . I only need one patch to update the software . That patch is at Roxio 's site and was easily installed . For work I 've had to use a bunch of different suites such as Corel 's suite , MS Office , StarOffice , Adobe Acrobat , Photoshop , and others . The worst was Office , maybe because as the leader they just do n't care about conflicts . Out of all these programs no doubt roxio easy media creator 8 is one of the more stable full featured programs I 've used.The guts have full range editing . If you 've experienced extremely limited editing in other suites , this program will change your experience . Video editing has tools you would expect in a separate program that would cost the same as the roxio suite alone . It has picture in picture , merging clips capability and intricate cutting tools . The PhotoSuite program has advanced tools too and widescreen support . The disk authoring program has state of the art formats and can even deal with multiple burners at the same time . Again , I did n't expect this level of features and except the stability that I 've experienced . I now have more faith in professional reviewers after reading their glowing analyses and experiencing the reality . So no , not everyone is finding the program to be a pain . In fact I do n't think it could have been made any better .
 Simply the smoothest , easiest media program I 've used . If you 're tired of complicated disk authoring programs emc8 is a welcome relief . I 'm surprised how much could be done with a few clicks . The video , photo , audio programs are also good programs . They do n't stray too far from normal Windows menu styles . There are a few unique features too that put the editing programs above average in quality . I was able to cut and then move around some video clips an a different order than the original footage . Before buying I emailed roxio to ask what would happen if the program did n't work at all on my pc . They answered within one day and said they could out something , even by phone if there were serious problems . They would n't charge anything as long as I stuck to trying to solve the installation problem . It turns out that the program worked fine and my fears did not come true .
 I say do n't miss out on a great program 'cause of the misinformation people are giving . I used the older version of media creator and liked it . It had lots of room for improvement though . Now with 8 , I have all the features that I wanted plus more . This is the best program I 've used for making slide shows . I have so many digital photos now that I wanted to organize them by subject . Like a lot of people my vacation photos have been gathering dust in the closet . Now I 've made several shows about the places I 've visited . This program lets you make them fast so it took only a few days for me to make several years worth of photo shows . I also made some slideshows that showed some of the kids growing up . I did n't have a camcorder for many years so the photo shows can be just as good . I 've been making such good progress that I 'm going back and adding some music to the slide shows . Of course I can now make dvds which will play on my dvd player . It 's a wonderful package and I never had any technical problems . I think most people will find it useful and easy to use .
 This suite is sweet . Sorry but i could n't resist . It may sound like hype , but I ca n't believe how easy it was to pick up this software and start my projects . First order of business was to transfer videos to discs . My collection goes way back to the time of beta and 8mm formats as well as VHS . I transfered some of the beta to VHS but now that format is being eliminated . The program handled the transfer of the video and the editing itself . Luckily I had already edited a lot of footage with the old pause/record technique . For the ones that needed cutting , the video program was very easy to use . There were choices for the compression rate so I could fit a lot onto one dvd disk . Maybe I 'll invest in a dual layer drive since I 'm transferring so much footage . I was able to make the dvds playable on the dvd player since I prefer watching on my tv . It was also easy to make some photo captures and use them on labels and the disc menu . The menu maker is fast with a good spread of options . My only complaint ? I would like to see the addition of portable video player formats . Roxio sells this as a separate program , but in the future if they combine this in the suite and raise the price a little , I 'd be grateful . This is the only side program I 'm using outside of the easy media suite .
 I do not normally take time to review products but I feel I must after reading some of the reviews here.Roxio Easy Media Creator 8.0 is an excellent product . I have been using it since October 17 , 2005 and find it completely user friendly . Anyone who has had trouble should try some of the alternatives . Anyway I have used it on a daily basis for just over a year and find no flaws . I see some people are having trouble with it and believe they need to look deeper into their machine to resolve their issues or simply read the instructions !!!
 Among the vast sea of media software programs EMC8 is my favorite . I did not face any major problems with any other software program , but they were n't as well organized as EMC8 . I did n't struggle with different cd and dvd disk formats . This program has the steps arranged in a logical order and you do n't need to be a tech guru use it .
 I just downloaded this program yesterday and already I 've accomplished a lot of work . Installation went well so it did n't take long for easy media to be up and running . My first order of business was to make photo albums from Easter and a vacation trip . Putting the albums on a dvd-vr disc also went well . The dvd making menu was understandable so I did n't waste time figuring out how to choose what type of disc . There were n't many steps after the initial format choice was made . I agree with others here that find the menu system well thought out .
 It 's taken me a long time to try doing much outside of wordprocessing and emailing on the computer . My husband bought me this program and I 'm so glad he did . I was able to figure out a lot myself including how to burn a disc . There 's a good program that makes photo cards which is perfect for families . I 've even done some cropping and color adjustments . I would recommend this to anyone who is intimidated by learning new things on the computer . It 's made my life easier .
 I just returned from a 6000 mile trip using the S/T 2008 . I too had a little trouble with the activation as I was not near WiFi most of the time but once I got a good connections it worked.In general it worked well . I did laugh when a huge lake in BC did not show up on one side of the road I was traveling beside . It is hard to read a lot of the small type in the car . Looking for the different colors of the minuscule blocks to see which was a restaurant and which was a bank was a problem . GPS reception can be spotty even when it appears it should be ok . On one or two occasions it did confuse left and right but the map was there to confirm.All in all though it bailed me several times when I had know idea where I was in rural BC . It also got me through Vancouver and Seattle with no hassles . I also love being able to save my trip plans and reuse them again .
 The only complaint I have is that when clicking on a major road or highway it will not show the street address . That includes roads coming into a town , so if it has a main street address it does not show the number , just the street name . When an address is not found , it helps to be able to click a road to get an idea of how close you are to your destination . I have been able to do that with past streets and trips . Other than this one complaint the product is good .
 I have owned streets and trips 2005 and it is one of my favorite programs . I bought this to get updated maps and the GPS unit . The program has been improved but they removed the PDA support . Also you now have to authenticate the software when you install it . If you wanted to install this program on your laptop and desktop then you will have to buy another copy . I have to say this is disappointing because this is the type of program that you will want on both computers . Right now this is the best program for maps and GPS but I am very disappointed with the validation and lack of PDA support .
 I enjoy using this product on long trips when I want a larger screen to navigate . I used this on my trips from Philadelphia to Niagra Falls and Philadelphia to Washington DC without any problems . I will say that the gps would sometimes not be recognized or at least pick up a signal sometimes when running the application so I had to restart the application and sometimes my laptop for it to work . Not sure if that was just my computer but just reporting that it happened while using . I like how easy it is to use and you can see lots of roads around you and not just what a small gps only unit would show . I like the fuel calculating feature and the speed display on the unit as well . Very happy with purchase because it is inexpensive and great to navigate from a 14 inch laptop screen than a 5 &#34; GPS .
 I use this program for mapping out my routing when showing property to clients - my out of town clients love the maps & written directions I provide them .
 Yes its 3 years out of date but all I needed was the gps tracker module . Cant beat that for 20 bucks . Once you get the module you can test out the Microsoft 's 2011 version for 60 days for free on Microsoft 's website .
 If you travel with your laptop , this is a MUST HAVE ! At less than half the price of a TOMTOM you can load your LapTop with Streets and Maps . You can search for directions without being connected to the internet and it also comes with a very capable GPS Device-speed , direction , turn by turn directions , adjustable resolution allows one to zoom to the street view or out to the nationwide view . The display on a TOMTOM and Factory Built in Models is TINY ! With Streets and Maps you can use your laptop as a display , plan and store your trips or check distances in a snap . It also has a current GPS position function that allows you to find directions from your current position including distance and time . HIGHLY RECCOMEND for the the Professional or Lesiure Traveler .
 This product was exactly as advertised . Installing and setting up the GPS worked easily as well . The GPS was also recognized by some surveying software I had , so no problems there . If you want a GPS computer system , or even just some good offline USA map software , this product is for you .
 Length :
 That was what I paid . It 's now $ 71 . Still not a bad price for what it can do . This is no way near the convenience and usability of a standalone unit . But it will take you where you want to go . The voice guidance was a nice and needed addition . Unlike a windshield and dash mount unit , you have to look away from the road to see the laptop screen . I owned the 2006 version which did not have voice guidance . I use it mainly for planning trips and getting directions . I can zoom and pan at lightning speed compared to the online Mapquest and the like . I did n't mind paying the extra $ 20 or so for the GPS receiver just in case I need it.Don ' t buy it just to use it in a car for navigation . It 's just too awkward -LRB- and dangerous -RRB- . You can spend just a little over $ 100 for a standalone unit that would serve you better .
 Very good and always gets me where I 'm going . Never missed an address and never had any problems ...
 Microsoft Streets and Trips and/or MapPoint are the best mapping software available in my book . Now with the Streets and Trips with the GPS antenna package , it does n't get any better . You actually get a GPS , with full functions , for less than $ 100 when installed on your laptop . Great for the business traveler who has their laptop along with them anyways . Would recommend this to those who already have a mobile GPS for trip planning from your office as well.On a final note , if you take it to the next level , you can import from a tab delimited file -LRB- Excel -RRB- , and place push pins with information on your map from a client database .
 Product as was described . Very happy with results and its pretty up to date . I live in Tucson AZ so with new housing and roads things are always changing . I would recommend this product .
 I have GPS on my phone ; GPS in my car ; and now I have Bill Gates , whoops I mean GPS telling my notebook computer where to go and how to get there.This was a purchase for the fun of having another toy to play with , and play I have . Even without the GPS it is useful . Kind of like having Mapquest without needing an internet connection.Installation is simple , The GPS receiver provided is small and fits nicely in the very compact bag I use to carry my computer around and everything works as advertised.Good content in the POI file , and the maps , at least for the northeast U.S. seem pretty complete and up to date.When I compare route calculations with what the GPS in my Honda Pilot does , they are very similar.Overall , I 'm pretty happy with my purchase.BTW , you can find standalone GPS receivers that use USB connectors and provide output in NEMA format . If you have/buy one of these then get MS S&T ; without the receiver . They should work fine together .
 I had street and trips in X-P , now in Vista I went to the GPS Street and Trips . In our area I checked a error in the old Street and Trips , and it was corrected . I have used it on three trips now and have enjoyed it . I have not used the turn by turn directions yet .
 When I purchased the 2008 version of Streets & Trips , it was a couple years out of date . I bought it because the obsolete version maps was much cheaper than the current year . The device and software was installed on a netbook and worked great , showing moving map , 3D angle , etc. . As other GPS was available to me , I did not use Streets & Trips after the initial testing ... but it worked fine and would still be up to date enough for me to use today . I 'm giving some thought to installing it on my new laptop . The main reason I did n't use it then , and may not now , is because I know my way around very well without it , and it was intended for my wife . She however , prefered to purchase a small hand held unit to use . I would definitely recommend this product , especially for someone who often sets up new routes for order filling , etc. , and needs a larger screen to refer to . There are seat mounts and other type mounts for laptops these days , which would make it convenient to use . Perhaps in the future they might consider making a version which includes device , software and laptop mount .
 I purchased the Microsoft Streets and Maps 2008 -LRB- while it was on Amazon pre-order -RRB- as my first GPS navigation system . The software is a good alternative for laptop owners when compared to the more expensive in-vehicle systems - not to mention your laptop screen is usually much larger than the built-in displays . The maps are very accurate and the GPS receiver even works in areas with tall buildings and on back roads in the mountains with tree cover . I travel around 700 miles per week and I use this on my passenger seat with a AC/DC converter for my laptop . I am very satisfied with this product . If you make a wrong turn , it detects it within seconds and gives you a course correction . If you ignore it , it will compute an alternate route . The GPS receiver has a small suction cup which does n't work on my dashboard , but I use a small piece of Velcro instead . I also use this for Geocaching -LRB- a wonderful sport by the way -RRB- to get me close to the hide sites on back roads before debarking from my vehicle to the cache sites . I 've uses this on gravel forest maintenance roads and major interstates as well . The nearby places tool is great for finding restaurants and hotels , and it provides you with a phone number so you can call for reservations while you 're en route . I really enjoy this device and I ca n't imagine traveling without the convenience and confidence it provides . Another neat feature is to select `` no interstates '' for your route , then let it take you through all the small towns along the way - this works great for repetitive commutes . Last thing - if you see a bunch of traffic up ahead , it 's great to have the confidence in knowing that if you jump off at any random unknown exit , the GPS and software will route you to another route and list where you can stop for lunch along the way . Great gear - thanks Microsoft !
 Reading all the other comments I am confused at the negative opinions of Streets and Trips . i have been using this software for the last 6 years and each year there are better and more features . I alwasy travel with it and my laptop When on vacations with another couple that has the GPS built into their new car , they prefer that I open the laptop and use Streets and Trips as it gives more information and allows to see where we are and where we can go much better than those mini-screens that are restricted . They do not allow you to see the big picture . Microsoft Streets and Trips is extremely easy to use . I ca n't comprehend those who complain about it . Maybe they do n't know how to read , or how to use a PC .
 I have been using Microsoft S&T ; since 2004 and I love it . We have all kinds of other GPS devices for hiking , sailing , fishing etc. . None of them are as easy to use as Microsoft 's and none show the entire US so clearly . I actually stopped using my Honda and Mercedes built-in GPS units because they took so long to enter information and zoom in and out . Also , having your laptop to navigate with is much better than fitcheting with little screens . And if you ever travel in Europe , Microsoft 's AutoRoute is just as good and you can continue using the satellite receiver.Finally , if you have a laptop , there is nothing cheaper and better on the market .
 This product directed me perfectly to an area that I have not been to before . When I went off route , it recalculated the directions . When I drove too far , I got me back on track . It did n't lose signal between Bklyn , NY and Trenton , NJ -LRB- my destination -RRB- . The directions are spoken clearly . The laptop was a little muffled by the car stereo , so I had to turn the music down a little to hear it . If you own a laptop , I would suggest looking into this instead of buying a more expensive car unit .
 Great improvement from the 2006 version with the auto-recalculate and seems to be more accurate . The display has more helpful features such as time , compass , and etc. . I ca n't wait for the day when Streets & Tips directs you through maps that look like Virtual Earth by Microsoft .
 Great update over prior versions . The auto-recalculate works well and recalculates quickly . The display has useful features such as time and compass . The activation system is annoying but did not present any problems .
 Good News - Excellant product . Bad News - However if you have to reinstall on your PC -LRB- rebuild PC , hard disk crash , etc. -RRB- you can if you 've used up your 2 installations . Have to contact Microsoft technical support , convince them you are reinstalling , not an additional install , and they walk you through given them LOTS of number and they have you enter LOTS of number to get it activated .
 Cons
 With my laptop and the gps that comes with the software , I had a good time driving to Big Bend . Helps to have a co-pilot to run the program .
 Even though it is 2008 , there are roads built in 2005-2006 not in the directions . Makes for a HUGE problem.Other than that , it works as advertised .
 This product is great . I hardly ever lose and signal when using this product . It must be used outside so its perfect when driving in a car , Have it navigate your directions for you . It even has a trip planner . Best thing about it no monthly fees !
 very good , always has good satellite signal and offers very good information during the journey
 Works well on my computer and is great for our road trips , very accurate and easy to work .
 Used it for a road trip with my Asus Eee PC -LRB- ASUS Eee PC 4G Surf -LRB- 7 '' Screen , 800 MHz Intel Celeron Processor , 512 MB RAM , 4 GB Hard Drive , Linux Preloaded -RRB- Galaxy Black -RRB- and a power inverter - worked very well and I would n't have made it home otherwise ! Planning a route an executing it using this software are two very different things , however ; I abandoned the voice-guided directs early on and used it more as just a map . Excellent tool . * Eee users note
 I bought it because I needed a GPS antenna for some testing and it was cheaper to get this package than an antenna by itself . Go figure .
 Bought it when it was the new version . Great GPS for my laptop . Only bad this is that you ca n't upgrade once you have it . I have to buy the 2009 version vs just paying for a software update . Poor planning on Microsoft 's part .
 This indispensable Macintosh utility has been improved with this release in two ways . First , it is fully compatible with MacOS X 10.2 -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- as well as MacOS 9 . Second , it introduces a new file format , SITX , which allows for considerably greater compression , though SITX files can only be opened with StuffIt version 7 and above .
 I have found Red Hat Linux 8.0 a real alternative to Microsoft products . I can do the same things I used to do using Windows . If you had to buy Microsoft Windows + MS Office + all kind of software -LRB- such as graphics suite , CD burning software , Web/Email/whatever-you-want servers -RRB- that are included on Red Hat Linux you would probably could n't afford it !!! You wo n't have to reboot your computer 100 times per day !! Red Hat Linux 8.0 on a few words
 All of the great things about Linux in general
 Linux 8.0 is excellent for engineering workstation,Start-Here launcher can direct you to many system setup , which make system configuration easier.Now , many engineering CAD tools can be run on ... PCwith 2GHz P4 -LRB- 2X faster than SunBlade CPU -RRB- , this will kill Sun 's expensive workstation.By the way , Linux 8.0 also have a good support in chinese , Netscape 7.0 can select the chinese font , and work seemlessly.Great support on chinese ! High display resolution support , looking good in a 17 '' LCD monitor for 1280x1024 resolution.Great stock ticker , free games included !
 Well I love everything about this release however how do you edit the menus ? I have a problem with how redhat made up the menus but everything else I ca n't really find any problems with and enjoy using it . Now when the heck is amazon.com gon na ship it to me ?? it 's been out for 3 days now !
 Linux 8.0 is excellent for engineering workstation,Start-Here launcher can direct you to many system setup , which make system configuration easier.Now , many engineering CAD tools can be run on $ 500 PCwith 2GHz P4 -LRB- 2X faster than SunBlade CPU -RRB- , this will kill Sun 's expensive workstation.By the way , Linux 8.0 also have a good support in chinese , Netscape 7.0 can select the chinese font , and work seemlessly.Great support on chinese ! High display resolution support , looking good in a 17 '' LCD monitor for 1280x1024 resolution.Great stock ticker , free games included !
 This is certainly the best version of Red Hat Linux yet . You get Gnome 2.0 desktop , KDE 3 desktop , and a host of accessibility tools for the blind and handicapCurrent accessibility applications include speakup screen review consol screen reader , which allows a talking setup of Linux for blind Linux users , emacspeak audio desktop , which gives spoken access to emacs , and the festival tts system which is going to be included in the Gnome Accessibility Project.Other features includes an upgraded clock speed which makes 8.0 run faster than it did in earlier versions.Over all this is simply the best version of Red Hat I 've seen to date .
 With version 8 you get KDE 3.03 and Gnome 2.0 - both serious challengers to XP in terms of user interface . Installation is now a breeze with its updated installation manager . . If you want a solid and well-maintained Linux distro it would be difficult top Red Hat .
 I have tried many distributions and versions inclding corel , redhat 7.3 , mandrake 7-9 . I have two machines and what I have the linux for is to do my school work . That means papers , writing java and c++ programs and other tasks handed to me by my computer science professors . If this sounds similar to what you want it for then it 's perfect in my opinion . There are so many tools that are for free that you 'd have to buy for windows but you can have them for free in the linux world . On the other hand , if you are the regular home user who wants to download multimedia files , play games and you do n't want to know how the machine works , then I 'd have to say it does n't get better than windows right now . Linux has has made great strides and it might very well become suitable for all users soon . .
 Red hat has graced us with the most recent version of their desktop product . And while it is a step closer to widespread desktop deployment , there are some things to look out for.First , with this release , Red Hat has tried to unify the desktop experience via Bluecurve technology so as to give a uniform look no matter what your desktop preference
 I 've bought Linux in the past and struggled with it and eventually removed it . Either it was n't compatible with my hardware or was too difficult to use.Now , however , Linux is at least easy enough to use -LRB- like Windows 95 -RRB- and although I had to buy a new modem , it worked with all my PC interal hardware . I still have a scanner and digital camera that does n't work , but I expect Logitech to produce a driver at some point for the camera.This Linux is great ! It 's powerful like Unix but very much like Windows 95 in presentation.There is a learning curve to go through to learn how to do stuff but so far I know this will be my primary new operating system . Goodbye Microsoft ! Welcome Red Hat Linux!This system comes with a lot of free software and development tools for programming and web development etc. . To get this much stuff with Microsoft you would have to spend thousands of dollars.I will never go back to $ $ $ Microsoft . Linux is the value oriented operating system for the users by the users . You get the source code for the system too ! -LRB- Not that many of us can understand it , but ok ! -RRB- THIS IS FREEDOM FOLKS!Macintosh wants to control their hardware too much and keep their system away from hardware they do n't make . Now Microsoft wants to control our hardware and software too . Linux is the only operating system that is a viable alternative to these two companies that want to control how you use your computer.Vote with your wallets and purses folks.This is the new system for the 21st century . Join the open source revolution ! : - -RRB-
 I have been waiting for a distro that thinks more toward corporate acceptance and less about the linux faithfuls who seem to want to live in the past when Linux was a toy for geeks . Wake up ! The only way that Linux will be accepted in the mainstream is if it is seen as a truly viable alternative to windows . Like it or not windows is entrenched in the corporate and home users world . Its like shouting in the middle of the forest to constantly tout the benefits of Linux without a way for anyone to here you . This distrubution by RedHat finally gets it right . The installation was easy and the desktop is polished and professional . The MAC is what I think of when I look at the BLUE CURVE interface . REDHAT gets it right without trying to look like windows . It sets itself apart . If you want to stay on the WINTEL treadmill then stay with windows . If you want to be in control of your computing then get Linux . RedHat 8.0 finally liberates the desktop . Thanks RedHat .
 I liked 7.3 and like 8.0 even better . An improved user interface and overall , much better usability . Installation was easy
 Well RH8 installed easilly and looks great once set up . Gnome 2 has come a real long way since its clunky beginnings . Couple of knocks here
 I personaly really like this product but there are a few set backs . For one
 Redhat Linux 8.0 is an amazing Operating system . It is stable , it includes a huge amount of useful softwares and the graphical interface is stunning!Redhat linux is very stable , it almost never crashes.The feature that I like about Redhat linux is the different softwares that come with it . For example , LaTex , xemacs , Kdevelop , pine , vi , ... , etc. . These softwares are very useful for article publishing and programming purposes.The graphical interface of Redhat linux is beautiful and very user friendly . Installing new software or new hardware is a piece of cake with this new GUI.On the whole , Redhat linux is a very user friendly , stable and useful operating system.If you are a student who wants to do programming or if you are looking for a operating system that will not cost you as much as a new computer , then Redhat linux is for you . Go for it .
 Red Hat 's 8.0 release has the features to move Linux closer to the mainstream acceptance it has been deserving for years . The old features such as stability , security and more included applications than can be listed in this 1,000 word max review . With the Bluecurve desktop configuration , a uniform look and feel for both Gnome 2 and KDE 3 new users will find desktops similar and should cut down on people getting confused by the choices . Both are still completely customizable , giving long-time users the independence they have always enjoyed . Installation can be either a simple point and click to accept the defaults , or customizable down to individual packages . There is a lot of discussion about Red Hat removing support for the MP3 format , support can be added by simply downloading a module and installing it , but , in my opinion that is a bit like trying to get your DVD player to play the old Laser Disks , the included OGG format offer better compression and sound quality . I first upgraded my development server from RH 7.3 , I was then so impressed that I just finished upgrading all of my companies machines . This review was written on a Dell Inspiron 4100 running RH 8.0
 Let me qualify my remarks by stating up front that I am not a linux guru by any stretch of the imagination and know nothing about programming . I 'm a network engineer with a Cisco background . In August 2002 I installed Red Hat 7.3 ; no sooner had I done so when 8.0 came out and I promptly migrated -LRB- It 's inexpensive enough for me to afford the `` latest and greatest '' -RRB- . Since then , I have thoroughly enjoyed running Linux on my desktop at home . In early January 2003 , I began using Red Hat almost exclusively -LRB- I have to keep Win2k around to be able to open Visio diagrams -RRB- . OpenOffice has handled every single Microsift file that I have given it -LRB- with the exception of the aforementioned Visio diagrams -RRB- ; surprisingly , two days ago , I even opened a PowerPoint presentation in OpenOffice.org Impress . I 'm told that if you write/run complex macros in Excel , OpenOffice Calc wo n't handle some of those , but that does n't apply to me as my usage typically includes creating hardware & services quotes for customers.As most reviewers have mentioned , 8.0 does n't come with support for the mp3 file format . However , even as new as I am , it did n't take long at all to figure out that anything I need is on the internet at FreshRPMs dot net , RPMfind dot net , and other places . the mp3 plugin for xmms is a no-brainer to install , as is Ogle , the dvd player . The other change that I made was to upgrade to Evolution version 1.2 from the native 1.0 -LRB- I had some printing problems with Evolution 1.0 -RRB- . Having Red Hat 8.0 allows me to `` tinker '' just like some guys do with a '69 Camaro -LRB- except I do n't get my hands dirty -RRB- . I 'm not going to bash Microsoft Windows . Windows 2000 works just fine . However , using conservative estimates ... , you would pay approximately $ 3100 for a 5 user office with a server . I can get the same thing from Red Hat -LRB- including a year of free upgrades -RRB- for -LSB- less -RSB- ; Do n't tell me about `` TOC , '' I know enough right now to set that up and I 'm a newbie . It 's just not that difficult . Microsoft 's claims to a lower TOC are just that ... Marketing Claims.Go forth and enjoy yourself ! : -RRB-
 I was really pleased with the installation process . The GRUB boot manager was installed during the process -LRB- already had Windows XP on the computer -RRB- without me having to make any decisions . Defining my printer , broadband internet connection and email was fairly easy . Now reading `` Official Red Hat Linux User 's Guide '' and have ordered `` Red Hat Linux 8 Bible '' to help me learn Linux . Documentation CD that comes with Linux 8.0 is very helpful . Linux appears to run as fast on my Pentium III 450 Desktop as Windows XP runs on my Pentium III 1.2 notebook.TERRIBLE SUPPORT SERVICE ON PROBLEMS . THEY LET YOUR WARRANTY TIME EXPIRE AND CLOSE THE INCIDENT . ORDERED SUSE PERSONAL 8.1 TO REPLACE IT ON MY NOTEBOOK COMPUTER .
 With each new release Redhat continues to impress . Now , with an increased interest in the desktop , Redhat has it 's strongest release to date . New config tools , along with a streamlined desktop make this a good choice for all those new to linux . While on the other hand , the inclusion of the latest version of most developemt and server apps create a distro for the experience user among us.So basically , if you have n't tried linux before or if you swear by it , this is certainly something you might want to pick up .
 Do n't listen to the last guy . All you have to do is reboot your computer with disk # 1 in your cd-rom drive . This gets the RH setup running . BTW , setup in RH8 .0 is a breeze . It is actually quicker to setup RH8 .0 than any recent version of windows -LRB- win98-winXP -RRB- . Linux is increasingly adding functionality making it easier to use . The new Gnome2 window manager is very easy to navigate the desktop , especially by Linux standards . There 's software that come with RH8 .0 for using digital cameras , scanners , etc. . The only thing that bothers me about Linux is the difficulty of setting it up to watch DVD 's if you have an nVidia graphics card . Also , there is a little program you 'll have to download to enable Linux 's media player , XMMS , to play MP3s , but that 's not a big deal at all.If you are a programmer , Linux is still the best OS , but I doubt the hardcore Linux power users will like RH8 .0 since RH8 .0 seems to be made for the new and inexperienced Linux users . It is a good effort by Red Hat to make a distribution of Linux that most people can setup and use , quickly and easily.p.s . One other area of concern for many potential Linux users is partitioning the hard drive -LRB- if you want windows and linux on the same computer -RRB- . Just defrag windows and shrink the windows partition with disk druid in the RH8 .0 setup . It works just fine 99.9999 % of the time . Partition Magic is even easier to use if you really want to spend the money .
 The difference in operability between 8.0 and it 's predecessors to me is astounding . Installation was flawless , just like Windows . The desktop is even smoother than it was under my version of 7.2 and 7.3 . Believe it or not , even my USB interface digital camera now works under Linux.Performance is smooth , even though I 'm running it on my slowest computer , a P-II/450 with 128 MB.All we need now are some more applications . I 'd even welcome some commercial software written . This is a much better deal than paying for Lindows with the false promise of being able to use your Windows applications .
 My Dad called me the other day to ask for help in installing RedHat 8 on his laptop to dual boot with Windows2000 . I thought the end of time must be near for my Dad to want to try Linux.However , this is the first Distribution that I would feel comfortable for someone who is not computer litterate/competant . The main move by RH was to make Gnome and KDE much more `` alike '' in looks , thus not confusing the newbie . The cut and paste interoperability between KDE and Gnome apps has been greatly enhanced.However , there is one big gotcha for a desktop user
 I 've been using Linux for about six months now . Red Hat 8.0 works well with my home LAN & Macintosh PPCs . The earlier versions 7.1 , 7.3 used to be challenging especially undoing my WindowZ mentality . I like the way that RH8 .0 smoothly configures on my Ethernet LAN . I intend to use Linux exclusively after test driving it for a few months . I do n't need to reboot on every system change , only once an a while I would even have to logout . My system is dual OS 'd with Windows 2000 Pro . and Grub startup . When or if I need to upgrade to RH9 .0 I wo n't hesitate . I finally bought a Red Hat manual so you know that I 've been winging it .
 I admit I was skeptical leaving a comfort zone due to the knowledge I had with Microsoft Windows . I 've used Microsoft Products since I was in highschool -LRB- Over 15 years ago -RRB- and all through college because I simply did not know of other alternatives . Redhat Linux is a usable operating system that gives you everything you need for the 39.99 and 149.99 versions a person needs . There is one hitch for me and that 's the exclusion of some type of video player which Redhat had not included . Out side of that you can use the equipment that Windows use and there are n't any intrusions with the operating system . The operating system just works and does n't try to think for you as Windows XP does with its users . All in all , purchasing this product does not place a drain on your wallet and actually helps you be productive with your computer . You do the math Windows 199.99 , Visual Studio 1,800.00 + , Office 400 - 800 + -LRB- dev -RRB- compare to Linux , C/C + + compiler -LRB- included -RRB- , OpenOffice for 39.99 .
 I 've been using Red Hat 8.0 for about 3 weeks now . It 's the nicest looking edition of Red Hat yet . It comes with KDE 3 and GNOME 2 with Red Hat 's new Blue Curve desktop theme . Now KDE user 's wo n't like it because it looks an awful lot like GNOME and GNOME users wo n't like it because it kind of looks like KDE , but if you 're new to Linux and not yet bigotted by the desktop wars , I think this is the most usable version of Linux out . It comes bundled with Open Office 1.0 which will let you read and write some Word documents or you can even use the Open Office document format . Red Hat has enhanced their graphical administration utilities and still comes with all the goodies we 're used to seeing from them like Samba , Apache , Bind , CUPS , etc. .
 I 've been using Red Hat Linux 7.3.93 -LRB- Code Name Null -RRB- for a while and I really like the new look -LRB- Red Hat Bluecurve -RRB- . Today I just placed an order of Red Hat Linux 8.0 Professional Edition instead of Personal Edition because I really want it on DVD ! -LRB- Surprise ? -RRB- Also I want all 4 manuals along with Office & Multimedia Apps CD and Sys Admin Tools CD . Of course 60 days of Telephone Support Privilege is an excellent way to keep in touch with Linux Experts !
 I 've been using Red Hat Linux 7.3.93 -LRB- Code Name Null -RRB- for a while and I really like the new look -LRB- Red Hat Bluecurve -RRB- . Today I just placed an order of Red Hat Linux 8.0 Professional Edition instead of Personal Edition because I really want it on DVD ! -LRB- Surprise ? -RRB- Also I want all 4 manuals along with Office & Multimedia Apps CD and Sys Admin Tools CD . Of course 60 days of Telephone Support Privilege is an excellent way to keep in touch with Linux Experts !
 Very few people would be surprised to see that this latest version of `` Red Hat Linux '' has most of the attributes that make `` Suse Linux 8.1 Professional '' thick
 Simply put , this is an amazing piece of software ! I bought it to help spruce up my 1000 's of digital pictures taken over the last few years.There are literally dozens of templates for the various 3d slideshows . Even better , the 3d album website has new templates every month or so ! What a great way to keep these slideshows interesting!After buying the program , I decided to purchase the VCD/DVD add-on component from the manufacturer . This allows me to create videos that play in most set top DVD players . Neat . It is important to note , however , this add-on is an additional 20 bucks , plus shipping . But , if you have a CD or DVD burner , it is well worth the extra money to have this option.I did have a problem early on with the quality of the photos this program produced -LRB- looked like wet paint -RRB- , but after visiting the 3d-album website , it was an easy fix . In other words , if you are not getting VERY high quality output from your slideshows , then it is not the software , but something on your system . My ATI card needed an adjustment in the Open GL settings . Easy , and now it works perfect.Overall , this program should appeal to anyone that has a digital camera , or digital images on their computer . It is easy to use , produces awesome slideshows , and has some customization as well . I 'm a semi-pro photographer as well , and I normally use Sonic Foundry 's Vegas 4 + DVD for my slideshows for paying customers . As another reviewer wrote , this version is designed for personal use only -LRB- makes sense , at this price -RRB- , but the manufacturer is now offering a pro version for considerably more -LRB- 250 or so -RRB- . However , I 'm sure you could make up the price difference in only a few videos . But , I 'm willing to bet that 99 % of the users who buy this software just want it because it 's a neat way to display their digital photos.What are you waiting for ? Buy it and have FUN !!!
 I posted a negative review earlier and can not seem to retract it . Support at 3D Album responded quickly to my email . They made several suggestions . Updating my video drivers fixed my problem and now I could n't be happier with the software.The problem was entirely mine - nothing to do with 3D Album.The 3D Album folks have a great product and great support -LRB- something seldom found these days -RRB- .
 I am extremely happy with what the program is supposed to do , i.e. , to create extraordinary photo shows with amazing 3-D styles . One reviewer wrote , the program does not have a complete photo organizer that let you delete and add photos on your computer . The 3D-Album uses regular Windows file folder . You use Windows Explorer to add/delete photo files , copy/create photo folders , and prepare photo collections for 3D-Album to display . Then you use 3D-Album 's photo organizer to attach text and voice to your photos , drag and drop to define photo orders , specify the photo displaying time and the text color , and etc. . Because I am already used to Windows Explorer , it is easier for me to use Windows Explorer to prepare my photo files and folders , rather than learning an unfamiliar method in a new program -LRB- unless Windows Explorer can not provide the way I want . -RRB- Because 3D-Album is meant to be simple , It does not try to do everything . It provides only features that are necessary to get your job done.3D-Album is definitely not a product for photo management , nor photo editing or photo printing . It is for photo presenation . I never found a photo album software that brings so much fun . It adds many wonders to my boring digital photos . If you are tired of traditional 2-D slideshows as provided by many other 2-D photo album softwares , add 3D-Album to your collection . It is a truly great software package .
 I have over 1000 pictures of Family History and this is my pet project , to put them into scrapbooks.3D-Album has made turned my scrapbook collection into an exciting storytelling experience and it does 99 percent of the work for you.The program comes with about two dozen built-in presentation styles , but new ones are available from the 3d Album Web site nearly every week . And I 'm talking about some very creative ways of displaying a single photo or an entire album . you can add text , background music , voiceovers , or just about anything.There are Endless Possibilities ... and a demonstration and tutorial disc came with the software too . It is not possible to recommend this program too highly . It does more , and better , than anything software I 've ever seen . And it is easy and fun to use .
 I love 3D-Album . Absolutely wonder and I am very happy I bought this product . There are many slideshow products out there however 3D-Album is out of the others . It is very easy , very functional , and with excellent result!I like the feature to combine albums in different styles . An opening style provides an amazing animation at the beginning of the show . Nice transition between two albums , brilliant special effects , and great graphics with super quality.3D-Album is particularly great for picture show on TV . I would suggest people who bought 3D-Album also get their DVD capture software . Enabling anti-aliasing effect during capture creates very good images . It also mixes the sound and music very well.The company 's website provides piles of new 3-D presentation themes that you can add to the software for free.They have first-rate customer support . Last week , I downloaded a new style from their website and find the image in the style is flipped . I emailed them about the problem and they fixed it within an hour .
 Awesome email tech support ... I was looking for a program that worked with XP and that would allow me to creat a photo slide show with more than 100 pictures ... This one was it hands down ... very simple to use with editing pictures , adding voice and music and creating fun styles.Bought the video capture add in , so that i could burn the picture show on a dvd ... worked like a charm ... my previous program would only let you do 99 pictures per dvd ... this is an awesome program that allows up 100000 frames . .
 I have thousands of pictures that I 've taken of my two kids , who are teenagers now . I 've been looking for a way to capture and display these , so I can tell our family 's story . 3D-Album and a document reader are the best solution by far.The 3D Album has given me a huge variety of themes to display the different stages of our lives . I can also tell stories in my own voice and include them with the pictures . Best of all , I love to use the mixer and try different themes together for some albums . I have wanted to do this project for years , and now I 'm having the best time putting these albums together.I would recommend this product to anyone . It 's my favorite software product .
 I have been using several kinds of photo album software and was never satisfied until I find this software.This is the most innovative album software that produces the most eye-catching and exciting results . It is very simple to use and the interface arrangement is so logical that I created my first album without reading any instruction . Despite it 's simplicity , this software still comes with an excellent 30-minute tutorial CD which explains every detail in an interactive movie . The presentation style is far more than 23 . Almost every week , they post a new style for free download . This is the best part of the software that I love . I find that their new styles become more and more advanced and are much better than the originally included . What you get is not just a piece of software , but also their committed service!Louis
 After reading many of the glowing reviews for this product , I purchased it for both business and personal use . Since I enjoy editing digital pictures , I was curious if this program would live up to the hype . It most certainly does ! A separate disk is included for a tutorial and examples , but this may not be necessary if you have a little experience with storing and editing digital pictures and sound files.I have been running it with no problems on an 850 mhz Dell laptop . A slower processor -LRB- depending on the video card memory -RRB- may cause the program to slow to a crawl . Once you have established a number of picture and sound files to choose from on your hard drive , it takes only a matter of seconds to create an entirely new show using this program . You can try out the various template presentations before saving . There are a number of new templates being added that can be downloaded for free.I amazed the people I work with when I used this program as an opening at a recent meeting . I also intend to save family pictures and set them to music for showing special events . A Jimmy Buffet tune playing in the background as island vacation pictures are displayed comes to mind . You will find yourself playing with the various presentaion options , since they are fun to watch with your personal photos . Overall , this is a fun and useful program , and a good value for the price .
 I use 3D-Album primarily to get new clients to preview my workand to show some of the ways that I can service them . With thevarious features of page flipping I can arrange the albums to fit the client -LRB- s -RRB- many choices.Calvin
 I bought a digital camera and photo editing software , and I started taking lots of pictures . I did n't know what to do with all the photos I was accumulating , until I discovered 3D Album.Digital Camera ... $ 800Adobe Photo Shop ... $ 4003D Album ... $ 40Fun , creative and eye-catching3D presentations to share withFamily and Friends ... . PRICELESSBuying 3D Album was the best money I ever spent .
 This is by far the best photo album software on the market . It took less than 15 minutes to learn to make professional looking photo albums . the strongest pont of this software is its ease of use , and great finished product.Your albums come to life with superior graphics , special effects and soundtracks . The special effects and style variations are a little limited , but the only other limitations are your imagination , and the battery charge on your digital camera.so buy an extra battery , because you will be taking a lot more pictures than ever before .
 I am continually sending pictures home to my mom and dad , so I was looking for a better way to tell them about my adventures away from home.This software makes it real easy to store and display pictures , and tell a story at the same time . I went on a camping trip in Georgia recently , and took dozens of pictures . I found a display theme on the 3D-Album website , that let me show my pictures on the sails of boats , which was ideal for showing my trip.My parents loved the Album I sent them , and copied all of my relatives back home to share my camping adventure with them . I am absolutely in love with this software . It is easy and simple to use , and I am always checking their website for new themes and ideas . This makes showing my pictures 100 times more fun .
 I have been using several kinds of photo album software and was never satisfied until I find this software.This is the most innovative album software that produces the most eye-catching and exciting results . It is very simple to use and the interface arrangement is so logical that I created my first album without reading any instruction . Despite it 's simplicity , this software still comes with an excellent 30-minute tutorial CD which explains every detail in an interactive movie . The presentation style is far more than 23 . Almost every week , they post a new style for free download . This is the best part of the software that I love . I find that their new styles become more and more advanced and are much better than the originally included . What you get is not just a piece of software , but also their committed service !
 Recently , my youngest son married and we have pictures and a musical recording from his wedding . I was able to put both pictures and wedding music into a 3D-Album and share it with all of my family back home . With all the themes available , it was easy to pick and choose the ones that captured our son 's wedding the best . I am so happy to have this software for my digital pictures , I want to recommend it for everyone .
 I was happily using the FlipAlbum until I see 3-DAlbum . The page fliping effects in 3D-Album is so realistic that it looks even better than FlipAlbum 's illustrated advertisement -LRB- not the actual thing in the software . -RRB- But flipping is not the only type provided by the 3D-Album , it offers dozens of amazing ways to show photos . There is even a virtual art gallery in which people can walk from room to room to visit your pictures . I created a couple of albums and made a big surprise to my friends . 3D-Album is a superior software , however , its system requirement is also higher than other album software . I can run my 3D-Album on my desktop computer , but not on my laptop , which does not have the required 3-D video card . Be sure to check your computer before buy the software .
 I make music videos and this is the easiest , fastest and most fun I have had making a photo album/video to date . No more pages falling out of photo books . Easy to copy and mail . Adding music makes it AWESOME . You can be as creative as you want . Plus , they add new downloads all the time so you can keep things more interesting . It 's so EASY , anyone can do it . You will never use another glue stick or photo album again .
 I try lots of new software and I am a picture fanatic . I was looking for a way to send my family and friends our pictures of our kids and events throughout the year for Christmas . I think I found the perfect product.I found a Christmas theme and was able to decorate a Christmas tree with my pictures . Then , I told everyone our story for 2002 by recording my voice and putting it in the album . I am going to send this Album instead of Christmas cards this year.It was easy to do , a lot of fun , and now I am working on my next Album , for Valentine 's day.This product is worth every penny .
 At first glance , I found 3D Album difficult to use and unpractical , but now that I am discovering its pros I am beggining to like it . Picture quality and 3D presentations are spectacular ! Maybe I 'll go to 5 stars once I learn to use it 100 % .
 I can not take enough pictures of my new granddaughter . I bought a digital camera for just this purpose , and now I have so many pictures , I do n't know where to put them . Thank goodness for this wonderful piece of software . I have created about ten albums already and it was so easy , even a novice like me can use it . I have used about twenty different backgrounds , and ca n't wait for the new ones to come out . This week , the best Halloween background is available on their website , and I have been playing with it all weekend . Everyone loves Halloween at my house . And I just love this product .
 After I use it to organize my pictures , I know why people give this product 5 stars . So far there is n't any software can make organizing pictures with so much fun . Although it takes some time to get familiar with its environment , it 's easy enough for everybody to use it . Besides , there are more things this software can do other than organizing pictures .
 I first used 3D-Album in my photography class and have n't stopped using it since . I have about ten albums now , and I 'm addicted . I ca n't wait to do another one . The themes are awesome , and recording my favorite songs is even better . This is way more fun than making scrapbooks .
 Top quality software with top quality support
 Agents , studios , instructors or just about anyone who reviews a screenplay will expect it in `` standard '' screenplay format . There are dozens of rules regarding font , typeface , margins , indentations , grammer , syntax etc. . On top of that you need to write the screenplay iteself!Enter Final Draft.It takes the work out of formatting , remembering what goes where and what syntax to use and leaves you to do what you originally intended to
 To see a program work so well is very rare indeed . Looking at Final Draft made me uneasy for the price was so high . But do not , I repeat do not let the price take you away from this program . -LSB- the money -RSB- is well worth it . The interface is easy and very user friendly . I am not going to go in depth on what it has to offer , because you can just read it for your self at the website -LRB- finaldraft.com -RRB- . If you are looking for easy to use format then this is the place . It is so good I am even thinking using this to type up my school research paper . Get the demo at the website , and buy at Amazon . You truly will not be let down by product this buy .
 This is a great combo . Final Draft 5.0 , aside from being the leading professional screenwriting program , is extremely simple to use and very stable . With is Mac and Windows compatiblity , it can be used by anyone regardless of previous screenwriting knowledge . This softwares helf menu is very pleasing as well . If there is a term or function that you do n't know the meaning of , it will explain exactley how to use the funtion in a professional way . For example , the ` INT . ' means interior . If this is new knowledge for you , you just go to the help menu and instanty be explained that it is a prefix for a scene inside . The smart type is another fantastic function that cuts typing time in half . When there is dialog between two characters , the computer automatically begins to put the next characters title in the center of the page for ease and speed . All the heading and prefixs are already built in . -LRB- V.O. -RRB- , -LRB- co n't -RRB- , and other additions are as simple as a press of the arrow keys and a return . No previous knowledge is needed to use this software . It has a clean interface that is very similar to such populat software as MS Word . It has customizibility , a good spell checker , a name database with over 90,000 names in it , thesaurus and one of my favorite features , the Speech simulator . Assign voices to your characters and listen to them speak the words you 've written . The video itself is another wonderful thing . Syd Field is a down to earth man who mencourages and helps you understand the art of screenwriting . He give you the tips that make great screenwriters of people and in a conginial way that you feel comfotable with . Whether you are a professional writer or ameteur , this collection is the best choice you can make .
 This GPS navigation system is first rate . After some initial set up problems , which are easily corrected after reviewing the Travroute web site , Q & A section . The program is super . We have n't been lost since . Even when you make a wrong turn the program re-routes you to your destination .
 A fantastic product ! Makes my life so much easier when I am traveling for business . I Simply tell CoPilot 2000 where I want to go and it does everything else for me , it even talks to me and tells me where to turn . I have n't gotten lost in months !
 A fantastic product ! Makes my life so much easier when I am traveling for business . Simply tell CoPilot 2000 where you 're going and then sit back and listen while CoPilot 's spoken directions talk you through your entire trip . I have n't gotten lost in months !
 I am a Painter fan , but I think one should review the product with some honesty.Painter 's Brush engine is rather unmatched in terms of digital painting and graphics . This is one feature that overrides many of the other industry standard programs when it comes to illustrating and painting with digital applications . Painter 's brush tracking also helps when one uses a tablet making it a very powerful application . The multitude of brushes that act like their traditional counterparts is one of the reasons a person could experiment without the fear of running out of paint , wasting paper , or supplies.New Enhanced Brush Ghosting makes it a lot more easier to see the bearing and direction of your brush , especially making effects and strokes . Divine proportions help you with composition . I even like the fact that scripts even allow you to playback your drawing progress , similar to PortalGraphics Open Canvas . You can even create movies and animations . With the combination of Photoshop this is indeed a powerful program.However , and granted I do n't expect every program to be perfect upon release , the GUI -LRB- Graphical User Interface -RRB- has some major bugs . Scrollbars will disappear , going into the Brush creator will undock your palettes or mess with settings you previously had . Workspaces were n't able to save . Your brush would disappear at times too.Now there is a current patch for this software at Corel 's site , but if you were new to the program and saw such bad interface errors , would n't you be upset , given the cost of the software?The academic version is a very reasonable price with the errors aside , but I ca n't honestly give this product 5 stars since you 're met with such errors right out of the box .
 After having downloaded the full version product from Corel for a month I was totally so sad to not be able to keep it . I was checking out the software here and I found this great item . . The Academic version of Painters X. I LOVE IT !!!!! . I could n't be happier with this software . I was a little hesitant at first because I did not know what I was getting but when it arrived I was soooooo happy that it actually had everything I needed to create wonderful creations , paintings , scrapbook pages , illustrations , etc. . I really recommend this for those who can not dish out the full price for this product . You will not be disappointed .
 Seller delivered quickly and item was received in great condition.This is a little outdated , but still a Great product.When you ca n't afford the expensive , this product is really not bad.Great for the beginner PC Artist.Works well with Vista , and is compatible with Windows 7 . If you get this , hope you are looking into a tablet ... it 's a must !
 Painter X is an amazing product by itself , team it with Photoshop and it becomes 10 times beter .
 Very good product . No customer support anymore but pretty self explanatory . Great service from the vendor .
 I have a old iBook that I wanted to upgrade so I did a search for the OS I could use . Found it and Clever Choice was the seller I was very happy with how quickly the software arrived and the follow-up emails that followed to insure that Iwas happy with my purchase . Clever Choice did and excellent job and I would purchase from them again .
 I am generally pleased with this product , however , something happened to my iSync application when I updated from Panther to Tiger and it -LSB- iSync -RSB- is nowhere to be found on my computer . I would be glad to know of a fix for this problem .
 Multi-computer authorization without Big Brother is a Good Thing . This is a great value if you have a family with several machines.Check out the reviews for the single license version for comments on the OS itself , which is of course great !
 As usual Apple leaves the competition in the dust . Smoothly integrated , working seamlessly , and superb design - the gold standard of operating systems .
 I got scared away from sysworks 2006 by the bad reviews and thus chose the 2005 version which loaded and ran well . The added features of the Checkit program were a good addition for those who want to baseline their hardware and periodically check it . All in all a satisfying experience that I have come to expect from Symantec . It runs well and does what it is supposed to do mostly seamlessly and automatically and has good reminders and recommendations for running the different programs .
 I found Grammar Fitness for Upper Grades a very good , very helpful program . It really improved my grammar skills . The one complain I do have about it , and the only reason why I gave it 4 stars is that the packaging was pretty `` 80 's '' . -LRB- But then again , the packaging goes to the garbage anyway ... -RRB-
 Anyone buying this product should definetly read my review . I am not by any means an architect or a professional in any of these areas but I heard about Punch ! products through a buddy of mine who used them to redo his entire house . It looked great so I thought why not give it a try . It worked great . My favorite feature was being able to figure out exactlly how much material I was going to need before I started . Also the plat database was very extensive and helped us find the correct plants for our area and even allowed us to drag and drop them into place to see how they would look . I felt like a professional by the time my yard and house were completed .
 When I received the product I was extremely excited to sit down and plug in my existing house and plan for some indoor and outdoor projects . It is quite difficult to get this going right away , and I have still not figured out all the details to get my house in good shape . However , I was able to drop a large brick square on my landscape and use it to roughly plan placement and size -LRB- and materials -RRB- of a paver patio and fence around my house . Although I could not find something even as common as split-rail fence type , I can probably build it in the 3d editor . Even though I could have used relatively simple math for the estimates I did , it was nice to have a rough walkthrough and move some things around easily . I am eager to dig more into the product and I think to most extent it will do everything I wanted and more , but I think it will take quite some time and practice before I can be satisfied the results .
 I am NO professional architecht , I 'm not even an adult . However , my friend got the program from his school for a class and we played with it to make our own floorplan of Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends -LRB- Cartoon Network show -RRB- and it was amazing ! We could select the color of the walls , tile for the floor , and windows and furniture , the program is easy . In fact , so easy a kid can do it ! I highly reccommend getting a copy and I myself will be getting one as soon as possible ! The only bad thing is that sometimes certain items that you could drag/drop will not appear on the 3D model . Other than that , this program rocks !
 I previously had a couple of cheapo programs , Punch 5 in 1 , and Data Becker . The latter was weird because it was German and the furniture and fixtures were strange . But , otherwise , I preferred it over the 5 in 1 . I shopped some and went w / the Punch Pro Plat 10 . It is a big improvement over the 5 in 1 but still comes up short in some areas . It just may be that any home $ 100 program is not going to work like real pro CAD . I am surprised that the furniture and fixtures are not really up to date , but the materials are pretty good . I have issues w / the Roof Wizard because it will not eliminate overlapping sections and dormers are difficult if you are making changes . Support basically told me that you should not use the Roof Wizard if you intend to add dormers or will have intersecting roofs and you want to have living space under roof . Bummer . But at least there is support ! And a community . All in all I 'm not sure there is anything better for $ 100 . But it is like drugs -LRB- so I 'm told -RRB- - you start w / this and then you want more and more features .
 I really liked the Life view window because it allowed me to see instantly what I had drawn . I could make changes immediately instead of having to wait until I was done . Being able to change paint colors with just a click of the mouse was amazing and made it nice for someone who ca n't decide between colors . Gives you a view of what your home/room will look like before you even get started .
 Overall this is a good software . My 12 yoa daughter has learned to navigate it quite well . I 'm still floundering . She shows me that this can be a great tool for home/remodel design ideas . It just requires lots of time to master the techniques.I was disappointed that I ca n't create cabinetry . I can only use stock cabinets provided with the program . That was one of my aims in purchase.If you are adept with art and 3-D software already you will probably find this easy to use . If not , plan on taking a lot of time to practice .
 I 'm designing my finished basement and so far it 's pretty cool software . I have n't yet figured out how to create my project as a basement instead of a 1st floor room . The objects inventory needs to have a pool table and bar furniture/cabinets . Also most basements have support poles which I have n't found so far either . I really like the live view . I had a previous version of the same software and they seem quite alike , in a good way .
 So glad to see you finally added this product . I have been hooked on the Kidsedge website for a year now . It is the best all around educational `` magazine '' I have found . I get great ideas for my third graders -- the ones who need motivation and the GATE kids . We used it today during science and ended up at a virtual museum tour on bugs . I could n't get the kids to stop for lunch ! The articles are interesting , and I am always downloading them for the teacher 's room . My husband teaches computers in high school and liked the recent article on cheating in America .
 You simply have to see it to believe it .
 Apple has made a huge leap with this `` Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar '' . The several components , -LRB- as well as the respective features contained in them -RRB- , are well-integrated and stable . I am particularly thrilled by the ease with which its ` Rendezvous ' linked my device to other devices , without requiring any sort of configuration . All other components work just as fine.Like the big cat it was named after , this OS waxes strong . It is resilient too !
 OS X 10.2 Jaguar is the best operating system ever designed . Hands down , the best !
 I have been using it since it came out . I have had no major problems . I stick with standard commercial applications and few games . I did use the archive and reinstall once when I messed up my vidio drivers . I have 10.1 on one of my drives and it boots up from that drive for no appearant reason about once a week . I run software update and use the Repair Disk Permissions feature of the Disk Repair Utility frequently .
 Mac OS X was the best OS in the world at the time of its release , and this version just puts it over the top . Bravo Apple ! Microsoft ... you are dead in the water with this baby !
 Mac OS X 10.2 is a great operating system , but save yourself some money if you already have OS X 10.1 and wait for 10.3 codename Cougar ;-RRB- You 'll do yourself a favor , instead of shelling out another hundred on every update!If you do n't have OS X , get Jaguar ! It 's great and stable , and worth it .
 it will make your mac faster .
 After playing around with 10.2 almost everyday for at least an hour in the apple store , I decided to buy Jaguar , I have immediately put all the features to the test and they work flawlessly . I put a great amount of strain on my computer and especially my OS , but there was no problem with 10.2 , it ran very fast and smoothly . Do yourself a favor , and buy Jaguar !
 There has been a lot of griping among the Mac faithful about the price of upgrading to Mac OS X 10.2 . I am not one of those you will hear complaining . I had the chance to play with a beta of 10.2 at an Apple Store this weekend and it was impressive . If this upgrade delivers on the expectations it will be -- by far -- the most powerful and most usable desktop operating system on the planet .
 Jaguar is 2 steps above OS X. 1 ! The Price is right on the head of where it should be , It is a full version , not an upgrade . Apple calls all of it 's releaed OS software upgrades because you get the full version when you buy your mac ! Find me another OS besides Linux that gives you the awesomeness of mac OS X and applications like iphoto , imovie , itunes , and all the other included software Apple offers . P.S. I have a . mac account , and it is also well worth the money ! Find another company that will include all that stuff for that price !
 This is by far the biggest upgrade of an OS since ... well , EVER.OSX has gotten more stable and more productive since the first beta build , and this release in August will increase that stability by leaps and bounds...Built-in Instant Messaging , bulit-in Windows network connectivity , a FREE mail program with as good of a set of features as you 'll find in Microsoft Entourage -LRB- combined with the new calender program - iCal - of course -RRB- . If you 've ever had the inclination to make the ` switch ' over from a PC , NOW IS THE TIME !!!!
 Jaguar is awesome . I ca n't wait for Panther .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram...Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for ... a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 I confess , I 've been using OS 9.2.1 for a long time , and I still use it a lot of the time . But I wanted to make the transition to OS X , and OS X. 2 has been quite a lure for me.I really like it . A LOT . I had zero problems installing it on my older G4 `` Yikes '' -LRB- PCI graphics -RRB- Mac . At 400 MHz , it 's not the fastest Mac out there , but it still runs OS X. 2 just fine . -LRB- I 'm sure the 512 megs of RAM I have helps too . -RRB- Also , this G4 's 16 MB Rage video card ca n't do the Quartz Extreme thing , but so what ? There 's plenty to like about OS X. 2 besides that . I am enjoying my time with OS X. 2 more and more . Highly recommended .
 The best Mac OS yet . I 'm amazed each day at the capabilities of this operating system . I have n't had to restart in nearly 5 months ! This IS the smoothest , best looking , best running operating system I have EVER used !
 Pros : - Improved performance -LRB- nearly matches the lightweight Mac OS Classic -RRB- - Feature-laden Finder - Rock-solid UNIX stability - Stunning Aqua UI , easy to use - Great network support -LRB- especially in regards to Windows -RRB- - Improved font rendering engine -LRB- not as fuzzy looking as before -RRB- - Great assortment of free iApps -LRB- iChat , iMovie , iPhoto , and iTunes -- soon iCal and iSync -RRB- - Virtually every applets have undergone upgrades -LRB- e.g. , Address Book , Calculator , Mail , Sherlock , Terminal -RRB- - Rapidly increasing number of native OS X applications - Super easy upgrade from OS X 10.1 -LRB- but I recommend clean install for `` freshness '' -RRB- Cons : - Internet Explorer is embarrassingly buggy and limited -LRB- upcoming Internet Explorer 6.0 should remedy most of its shortcomings -RRB- - Limited customization -LRB- e.g. , mouse pointer , color , limited number of `` themes '' -RRB- - Still buggy -LRB- I found several iChat , Finder , and Mail bugs after weeks of use ; soon-to-be-released 10.2.1 free patch should fix most of these -RRB- - Incompatibility with some 10.1 applications - Skimpy manual - Slow help engine - Some free iApps or applets need more features -LRB- i.e. , you can not edit photos with iPhotos -RRB- I 've switched to Mac platform nearly a year ago , courtesy of Apple PowerBook G4 667 MHz -LRB- Gigabit -RRB- and Mac OS X 10.1 . I 've been computing under Microsoft platform for over 17 years , starting with PC-DOS 3.1 in 1995 , Windows 2.0 in 1987 , and continuing with most iteration of Windows ever since . I 've also used various flavors of UNIX -LRB- Solaris , AIX , Linux -RRB- , but mostly for academic and professional reasons.For an OS only 3 years of age , the Mac OS X is surprisingly mature and complete . For most number of users -LRB- including Windows `` switchers '' -RRB- , Mac OS X is highly capable . Just throw in few productivity applications -LRB- e.g. , Adobe Photoshop , Microsoft Office v.X , Quicken -RRB- and download some freeware -LRB- e.g. , Mozilla -RRB- , you have nearly full-featured system.Dare I say it ? The Mac OS X is the best client operating system there is . Yes , it is not YET as polished and matured as older systems such Windows XP and Mac OS Classic , but on the plus side , it has little or none of the `` old operating system '' baggage . Mac OS Classic compatibility box is kept separate -LRB- so much that it no longer comes bundled with OS X -RRB- , with modern Cocoa and traditional Carbon APIs to attract large number of developers -LRB- there are now more developers writing Mac software than ever before -RRB- . Although OS X takes a lot longer to boot than Windows XP , its rock solid foundation makes it a moot advantage . I 've experienced some crashes under 10.1 , but none with 10.2 . My PowerBook frequently felt sluggish under 10.1 , but with 10.2 , it is quite speedy -LRB- still not as fast as my IBM ThinkPad with 1.6 GHz Pentium 4-m processor , however -RRB- . I highly recommend OS X to power users willing to explore new OS , students -LRB- particularly graphics and engineering students -RRB- , or basic users looking for stable and easy to use platform .
 I 've been working with OS X for several months now . MY resistance to upgrading to Jaguar -LRB- OS X. 2 -RRB- was based primarily on the fact that I bought a new iMac last year and did n't want to shell out more money for the new OS . Finally , I gave in . And it was worth the time and effort.Jaguar has a cleaner , faster interface to work in . Start-up is much faster . It 's a more stable system than OS X -LRB- which is saying something , because OS X was already the most stable Mac OS -RRB- . The Mail client is also improved immensely over the previous version.Jaguar includes iChat -LRB- instant messaging software -RRB- , Mail , Address Book , and downloads are available for iSync -LRB- basically allows you to port your info from home to work and back seamlessly -RRB- , iCal -LRB- scheduling software -RRB- , and the new Safari web browser . -LRB- A warning though , at this writing Safari is still in Beta testing and definitely needs refining before going live . -RRB- Put this together with the iLife software package -LRB- iTunes , iPhoto , iMovie , and iDVD -RRB- , and you 've got yourself one great computer system.As usual , Apple is letting third parties write their manuals . You 'll have to buy those separately if you want them . However , this time they 've included an interactive `` Getting Started '' CD which will get the novice up and running in Jaguar without too much stress .
 I am a recent switcher to the Macintosh platform , I , like many of the reviewers , have used Microsoft and various other OS . I have used MS OS since DOS . I must say that Jaguar is a beautiful OS , and to add to the beauty is the UNIX core that lies underneath . However it is a bit sluggish even on G4 machines , when compared to Apples previous OS9 . I have an 800 MHz Titanium PowerBook with 512MB of RAM . The CPU get eaten up by intense applications , moreso than it did when using OS9 with those same applications . For everyday users this is not a concern , but for people working on grpahics and computer media , sluggish performance is unbearable . I do however love the fact that it is almost fully customizable.PROS : Astonishing LooksExceedingly stable -LRB- compared to Windows OS -RRB- Excellent Memory ManagementInfinitely cutomizableGood selection of third party software for graphic designersNice Apple Apps for the so called `` digital hub `` iTunes especially stands out with MP3 fanatics -LRB- light years ahead of Winamp for Windows -RRB- Seamless integration with both Apple and Windows networks.CONS : Somewhat sluggish performance compared to OS9 -LRB- due mostly to the Astonishing Looks above -RRB- Being codenamed `` Jaguar ''
 When Mac OS X was first launched last year , it was a work in process . Facing increasing pressure to get `` something '' out the door , and having gone through several failed attempts to unleash a modern operating system to replace the aging , original Macintosh operating system , Apple threw OS X -LRB- 10.0 -RRB- at dedicated Mac users as , essentially , a pay-to-play beta test . Why , you might ask , would Mac users pay to play with a not-yet-ready for primetime OS ? I suppose you should ask Windows users the same question . At lease Apple was kind enough to tell people that 10.0 was not for everyone and was going to be revised substantially.Then came 10.1 -LRB- now at version 10.1.5 -RRB- . It improved the speed and features of 10.0 and made it ready for universal adoption.OS X 10.2 completes the cycle . OS X has now been optimized . It 's fast , elegant , and groundbreaking . It has been radically improved to work seamlessly with Windows computers and Windows networks . It has built in , easy to use Bluetooth support . Over all , it has about 150 additions and improvements . There is no doubt that it is now the most sophisticated , stable , and appealling operating system out there . With its UNIX core , it appeals to techies , too.A great OS just got greater . Much greater .
 I am one of those who has been very cautious about changing from OS 9 to OS X. Although I had occasional crashes and conflicts using OS 9 , it seemed to perfrom ok and I could put of with those few glitches . I am not one who is interested in living on the `` bleeding edge '' of technology.When OS 10.2 -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- became available , I decided it was time to hold my breath and take the plunge . I ca n't tell you how happy I have been since making the change.I prepared myself by ordering copies of my most often used software including Office X , Quicken , Photoshop , etc. . Although I expected there would be problems during the installation , it went without any hitches ... that is ZERO problems!I used an Epson 860 printer which worked immediately . I did n't have to go looking for drivers or any other software . My external CD/RW firewire drive worked without problems as did my USB flashcard readers . I have now had Jaguar installed for about a month -LRB- since it was released -RRB- and I have not had any hangs or crashes . There really was more frustration in my using OS 9 than I had realized . Certainly I think this is the time to consider moving to OS 10.2 if you are still marginally satisfied with OS 9 and have been waiting for a great new operating system.I did buy David Pugue 's `` Mac OS X '' book -LRB- O'Reilly -RRB- along with the software . I am happy to have the book as a good reference as it is very helpful for those of us who have moved from OS 9 to OS X . However I also find that the new operating system is so easy and intuitive and I have not spent a lot of time looking up details in the book.So if you are one of those users who is still wondering if it is the time to change from OS 9 to OS X , I can confirm that the process was very easy and went without any problems for me . I also enjoy the look and feel of the new desktop . I really has been a very easy transition.P.S . I like the new interface to the . MAC account as well as iPhoto .
 Having bought an iBook this past summer , I was hesitant , to say the least , to toss out more money to buy an OS upgrade from 10.1 to 10.2 . The logic in my mind was that it was a '' .1 '' upgrade , as many of my Window-only friends like to tell me . I figured it would be somewhat like upgrading from OS 7 to OS 8 , giving me a slightly faster and more stable computer.Indeed , my friends , I was wrong . Just as Mac OS 10.1 sped up from the previous OS -LRB- 10.0 -RRB- , OS 10.2 increased the interface 's `` snappiness '' drastically . The greatest of all improvements in the entire OS is the new idea of `` Quartz Extreme . '' By utilizing the computer 's videocard -LRB- must be 16 MB or higher , though -RRB- to render the GUI , the CPU has an enormous task taken from it , allowing for the system to run much , much more quickly than any other OS before it.The Beauty of OS 10.2 goes beyond that . From the new Mail application which filters junk mail to the new search bar added into the file-system browser , OS 10.2 allows users to be much more efficient with their time on the computer.The new software which Apple and other companies are releasing for OS 10.2 make life in general more productive . iCal allows for users to better manage their time . The new address book is more intuitive , allowing for quicker access to the need information . Safari , Apple 's new web browser for 10.2 is beautiful . Rendering pages at speeds much faster than any other browser , it makes waiting for websites to load a painless process.Indeed , Mac OS 10.2 is THE OS that brought me into love of the world of the modern , UNIX-based OS line . I had decided for a while to go back to using OS 9 because of my dislike for OS 10.1 . However , 10.2 showed me that X is the choice when it comes to operating systems.Mac OS 10.2 is not only the flagship of the Apple OS line ; it is also the flagship of of all OSes in existence .
 After installing this on a couple of Macs -LRB- iBook G3 700 and Power Mac G4 400 -RRB- , I can say that this has about a 50 % speed increase over OS X 10.1 ! Not only that , the new Finder is finally what we have been waiting for - many more options , SLF , etc. . There are a lot of little things I have noticed and like too , the updated Aqua buttons , check boxes , etc. and the translucent Dock are just a few . Great upgrade , worth it 100 % .
 Best OS I have ever used and I have been in the industry for 25 years . If you have n't moved on from windows yet , now is the time that you really should . This is the OS that everybody should be using .
 I eased into OS X with the early versions -LRB- so I had to buy OS X twice - ouch ! -RRB- , but 10.2 is now my production OS -LRB- mostly running Adobe 's Premier and Photoshop , and MS 's Office Suite -RRB- . This is one stable OS - I have n't had a crash since installing Jaguar!If your a Unix -LRB- esp . a BSD -RRB- person , you 'll love getting in and accessing all your old friends like `` ps '' and `` sed '' et . al. . But Apple 's taken all the complicated stuff -LRB- like managing permissions for example -RRB- and moved it up into the user interface.Lastly , it 's a great multiprocessing system . I routinely have 7-8 applications open at once ; it 's easy to bounce back & forth between them.Only thing I miss are hierarchical menus -LRB- though you can get some 3rd party utilities that accomplish the same thing -RRB- .
 I really resisted going to OS X , but the reviews were good for 10.2.2 -- Jaguar -- and I decided to take the plunge . I love it , even though my CD Writer -LRB- Que USB -RRB- & scanner -LRB- Umax Astra 2200 -RRB- do n't work with it and there are no updated drivers for these two . I can switch back to OS 9 to use them . For my printer -LRB- Epson SC 800 -RRB- there is a generic driver that I downloaded.Advice
 I 'm a 20 year PC veteran who recently bought a Mac PowerBook . I 'm running Windows XP Pro on my other machines , but am finding OS X is more stable , has a cleaner interface , and is simpler to work with when installing software and hardware . I 'll probably switch totally to Mac over the next year , assuming more software becomes available.Note that OS X is built around a Unix-core , which to me is a big plus . What a pleasant surprise to not have to deal with the Windows registry and never-ending driver issues .
 OS X has something for everyone . Whether you want to browse the Web and email , work with pictures or home movies , maintain an MP3 collection , play games , develop software , experiment with free Unix/Linux software -LRB- via Fink or otherwise -RRB- , or run a huge variety of network utilities , OS X does it better than anything else out there . I have enjoyed OS X since it first came out , and it keeps getting more enjoyable as Apple adds new features and iApps . I recommend it to everyone from the complete newbie to the most seasoned Unix admin .
 Jaguar is the bomb , and finally truly deserves to be called the worlds most advanced OS . I 'm upgrading my rating from 2 to 4 stars . minus 1 star because 1 -RRB- always room for improvement , features and 2 -RRB- Apple 's pricing policy -LRB- basically full price for almost everybody -RRB- is puzzling in light of their earnest push to get absolutely everybody on board .
 This is an absolute must have upgrade ! For Mac users , this system is speedier , seems more stable and includes a lot of upgrades and improvements that really show the maturity of this system in 2 short years . For those who have never used Mac OS X , this will remind you of why you bought a computer in the first place , because it 's fun and you can get so many things done ! Ichat combines all your messaging systems into one unit , the Address Book is system wide -LRB- no more having 20 different databases with the same information . -RRB- Rendezvous lets you link your computers and devices instantly without any configuration ! Even Sherlock has been upgraded to deliver stock quotes , maps , restaurants and more without a browser ... -LRB- updated 2005 , upgrade to Tiger , it blows Jaguar away ! -RRB-
 This is a very stable , incredibly smooth OS . It launches at lightning speed , is very intuitive and the learning curve is very short . If there is a downside , compatible professional graphic software is in short supply . It is a huge improvement over Windows and previous Mac OS .
 Have been using for months now . Have had only one Kernel Panic -LRB- Crash -RRB- . Panther seems to be a lot more responsive than earlier versions of OS X. Still I really ca n't say it is better than Windows XP because on my four Windows machines I have yet to see a crash in the almost two years I have been using Win XP . For that reason I am giving Panther four rather than five stars .
 I can do anything you can do only I can do it on the first try . I just completed my upgrade to Jaguar from 9.2 . It was easy and more importantly problem free.To be honest I am a long time Mac user and as such I may be slightly biast in favor of all things Mac . However , my boyfriend was not , and he insisted that we have a PC in addition to our iMac . He is now a convert !!!!!!!!!! I took three people , all of whose jobs are to provide tech support to the unfortunate PC owner , to get his laptop up and running ! I guess PC 's provide lots of job security.More importantly as long as you have Microsoft Office for Macs you can switch back and forth between platforms no problem . Plus , according to Microsoft , their office suite for Macs is better than the one they make for there own operating system !
 I am recent to Mac . I started with OS X 10.1 about a year ago . I wish I had dumped my PC years ago and gotten an Apple . Anyway , I decided to upgrade to 10.2 . At first I hesitated since I could n't imagine Jaguar was much better than 10.1 . I was wrong . What a wonderful OS . Makes my iMac even better . As would be expected , installation was simple . Now I will just wonder what more they will do with 10.3 . My friend , a PC user saw my system and is asking me to burn his home videos , etc. . He gave up on getting his Windows system to work right !
 This is the best OS I 've used , and I 've used a lot of 'em
 You probably have seen or heard about Apple 's switch ads . You know , the people that have switched over to Apple for one reason or another , or even multiple reasons . Well , I am one of them ... and OS X 10.2 is one of the primary reasons why.I have been impressed with OS X since I first became familiar with it a few months ago . Now , since `` Jag-Wire 's '' unveiling at the MacExpo New York show , I can not wait to get my hands on this OS.The new stuff including Rendezvous for instant communication among peripherals , iCal for my calendaring needs , and of course the updated iTunes make this product simply amazing . Not to mention it is simply breathtaking to look at.But Jaguar is not all looks . The stability of the UNIX underpinnings of this OS really have me sold.This is what an operating system was meant to be . Easy . Reliable . Not in the way.Let OS X 10.2 make your computing experience fun again .
 Jaguar is the best thing to happen to Apple since the Mac itself ! It 's not just a new OS , Jaguar feels like I have a brand new computer altogether .
 Mac OS X Jaguar is a heavy duty operating system ... Fun , too .
 Best Kind of Computer Is One that Works!Some of the reviewers here have odd complaints . Does anyone remember what a computer is there for ? Making things easier!Rather than going on slowly on the spur-of-the moment thoughts -- like other reviewers , I will quote a portion of a usability paper on computers , relating to Jaguar , which I wrote.Summarizing the beginning of the paper -LRB- which I will not include -RRB- , a computer needs to be able to be compatible with what is already there -LRB- i.e. Windows -RRB- , needs to work around things it ca n't do with alternatives -LRB- such as good conversion filters -RRB- , and most of all , needs to be able to communicate with other computer systems.Your work must be worth something somewhere besides your own room.So , I quote : `` What a computer needs to be most useful for yourself and for all your jobs is the ability to -LRB- 1 -RRB- exchange files with other computers , -LRB- 2 -RRB- talk the languages of other computers , and of course , -LRB- 3 -RRB- let you do your work . `` Luckily , I was savvy to Jaguar at the time , and I carefully noted how it fulfils all these requirements in its own specific comment . -- `` quote '' -- -LRB- Excuse my salesish language . -RRB- Jaguar , or Macintosh operating system X. 2 , is an incredible solution to these problems.In terms of file exchange , consider that X. 2 : * Has all Microsoft office software available . * Supports the latest and best interactive media . * Provides the strongest platform for new software.X .2 talks the languages : * With all Unix/Windows/Macintosh networks . * To printers both old and new . * Between itself and the whole Internet.And X. 2 is so easy : * That you can use it your first day . * When it can do all your work . * So you can actually have fun . -- `` end quote '' -- Those nine things are very important . Jaguar is decent.I am somebody who ought to know -- And even if you hate it , Jaguar is still a nice name . : - -RRB-
 I became seriously upset reading the 1-star reviews of MAC OS 10.2 . What are these people doing ? How can they hate it so much ? Are they really using the same glorious OS that I now am ? In talking to a few people in and around Pittsburgh 's design community I 've come to a conclusion
 my mac used to crash 5 times every day when i was running mac os 9 and below . i had to restart the computer each time . when mac os x came out , i did n't restart my computer for 8 months . 10.2 promises to be the best , most powerful and most innovative version of Mac OS X ever . i played with it at an apple store and it was absolutely amazing . it was faster , more responsive , it had many , many more features , and it was prettier also . i would recommend 10.2 to anyone at all . i do n't care about the 129 price tag because it is just too amazing to pass up .
 It 's clear that Apple is listening to users and developers alike as never before . There was skepticism of the original release of OS X from critics because it was so thoroughly different from any other operating system , not to mention skepticism from Macintosh users because of a gigantic step from previous Mac operating systems . I feel that with the release of OS X 10.2 , Apple continues to move its self back into the comfortable notch that the single-digit OS 's once held , and proves that Apple makes the fastest , most user-friendly , and absolutely gorgeous operating systems in the world .
 I have seen this operating system at work . It is the smoothest , most flawless OS available . Right now I 'm running 10.1 and my computer has never froze . 10.2 is not only faster and more stable , it also has a whole lot of extras which I am willing to pay the full -LSB- amt . -RSB- for . I am an AIM fanatic and seeing iChat is , by far , the coolest messenger program I 've seen . Also , the speed of the graphics is an absolute must see . Thumbs up Apple !!
 Though I experianced serious problems during the install that forced me to reinstall twice I believe this was because my current version of 10.1.5 was in bad shape . However , since the install I have experianced few problems , though it took me several days to download all the software updates . Virtually all problems I experianced in 10.1.5 have vanished , my isub no longer causes a kernal panic , and Internet Explorer no longer crashes after being launched . I have also found the Safari , Apple 's new internet brower is far more stable and faster than Internet Explorer ever was . One of the main reasons I upgraded however was because so many programs required a minimal of 10.2 , since then a wealth of new programs have been made availible to me . Jaguar was definitly worth the upgrade , anybody running an older version of Mac OS X should upgrade .
 Mac OS X. 2 -LRB- 10.2 or Jaguar -RRB- is one of the sturdiest operating systems i 've used . I know most pc users out-right hate Macs ... I do n't OSX including OSX .2 has UNIX built in . This allows great things to be done . And supports older Mac software . I ca n't wait for OSX .3 -LRB- Panther -RRB- ... This will add more great features such as Expose , a new version of Mail , a new finder -LRB- they allow labels to be used like in MacOS/System 7 & 8 -RRB- , and even fast user switching . iChatAV will remake the face of instant messaging . Panther is the only way you could make Jaguar better ... Panther will even come with X11 -LRB- Xfree -RRB- to allow Linux programs that use XWindows to run .
 Do n't be fooled . Do n't join the masses . With Apple 's new G5 systems , Macs blow everything else out of the water . Sure there are more Windows users than Mac users . There are also more cockroaches than humans . Does that make the cockroach a superior being ? -LRB- Well , the immunity to radiation bit is in their favor . -RRB- Jaguar is the latest release of OS X . A true multitasking operating system based on UNIX . Yes , there is a REAL version of UNIX under the hood and the hackers among you will drool over the possibilities . Apple is beginning to take advantage of the superior hardware design capabilities of the Mac with OS X.The best part , OS X hides the UNIX underpinnings in a superior Graphical User Interface -LRB- known as Aqua . -RRB- So , if you know nothing about UNIX , do n't worry , you do n't have to know UNIX to use a Mac . Ease of use has been the hallmark of Macs since their introduction back in 1984 . You have the ability to create a true multi-user enviornment . Multiple userids , multiple processes running simultaneously and protected memory . This means if you have a program crash , only the one program will crash , everything else keeps going and going and going . -LRB- Sorry Energizer Bunny , I could n't resist . -RRB- If you are a UNIX lover , Apple provides the Terminal application which gives you full access to the UNIX kernel system.If you are among the long-time Mac user community , you may have come to love the capabilities of OS 9 -LRB- or 8 or earlier . -RRB- Some Macs still have the ability to boot into either OS 9 or OS X. Newer Macs only allow OS X booting . If you still have programs from the days when you could boot into OS 9 , you can still run many of them in `` Classic '' environment . Classic is an emulator , running on OS X to allow you to still run older programs requiring the older OS . Admittedly , there are programs that wo n't work in Classic . Mostly programs needing custom-made extensions or Control Panels may not load . Also , most of the still-existing software companies are creating native OS X versions of their programs.If you insist on running Windows XP or 2000 or 98 or 95 or DOS , you even have the option of running Virtual PC -LRB- which , by the way , is now owned by Microsoft - think about that for a moment . -RRB- There is also a Mac version of Microsoft 's Office Suite . This allows you to exchange documents with your PC counterparts , seamlessly.Macs have superior video capabilities and OS X takes full advantage of this.OS X has some superior software to go along for the ride - iMovie , iDVD , iPhoto and iTunes , to name a few . These are all free.With OS X , Mac users will be leaving others in the dust.Superior hardware design coupled with well-thought-out software design makes the Mac environment hard to beat . Add to that the ability to use state-of-the art hardware and nothing else even comes close . Long live Mac !
 OS X is supierior in every way to anything Windows has to offer . I 've been running 10.2 since released last August and have had zero , thats right , zero crashes . I 'm forced to work with various flavors of Windows , including XP and none can compare . Stability , ease of use , cutting edge technology , true plug and play -LRB- unlike Windows plug and pray -RRB- . Why would you choose anything else ? I do n't feel excluded or left out . I feel empowered by a computer that does everything I can think of and more .
 Mac OS 10.1 was flawed . Very flawed . It was basically the beta test for ironing out 10.2 . Why did n't the call 10.2 10.1 ? This is great , and the aqua interface is velvety soft . Why do n't icons always look this great ? I have never , ever crashed 10.2 , and I do everything that is not recommended for it . I open up 4 web browsers and Sherlock and the OS glides through the applications . This is the best OS I have ever seen , and Windows has yet to top even 10.1 .
 I just upgraded my G4 667 dvi Powerbook to 10.2 from 10.1.4 ... OS X is a very good OS.The powerbook is my first Apple and 10.2 make it the main computer I now use . I still have a desktop with XP Pro but I just do n't use it as much anymore now that I have the powerbook and 10.2 . Compared to 10.1.4 , 10.2 has a lot of nice new features for the general user as well as the experienced user . I love the ease of connecting to my XP machine and browsing any shared foldes I have setup . I never got this running under 10.1.4 but under 10.2 it was a breeze . The OS found the workgroup and allowed me to connect to the shared folders in no time . I also like Ichat , Itunes 3.0 and the new Sherlock . All of the applications offer ease of use and great functionality.With OS X 10.2 I feel we are finally getting to the point where for the average user there will be no compelling reason to only think of Microsoft XP . OS X the and software that comes along with it or that you can buy does just about everything that average home user needs.If you are a Mac user I recommend this upgrade , if you are a Windows user thinking of changing ... now is the time .
 I installed the OS X 10.2 as an upgrade from 10.1.2 . Easy installation . No problems.It made my Epson Stylus Photo 890 work flawlessly . Epson was uncooperative with old system 10.1 . Epson 's old printer driver was a mess . Overall this OS X 10.2 Operating System seems to be a significant improvement . I am glad I bought it and glad I own a Mac .
 After being ready to jump ou of `` Windows '' for years and making volumes of blue air over the `` blue screens of death '' , I converted to Mac and OS X last year . It is like going to Heaven after years of pure purgatory . The transition was practically painless and my beautiful desktop was joined by a sturdy iBook this year . I have no problem sharing documents with my still be-shuttered Windows friends and my home office network works just fine with 2 macs and 3 PCs , all chatting comfortably together . Do n't hesitate a minute !! Join 10.2 and stop defenestrating .
 If you like this sort of thing , it 's the best . I do n't know what else to say . I end up sitting infront of the computer a lot , and this product makes that time very tolerable ... maybe even fun at times . I 've had a few periods where I did n't restart the computer for many MANY weeks at a stretch . Always reliable , rock solid ... and I mean TRULY . When it comes to stability , reliablility , predictability , etc. . . to the point where the user notices they are much more relaxed during their time in front of the thing ... no other -LRB- consumer-type -RRB- OS does the things this one does .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram two thousand dollars Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for six thousand dollars a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram ... Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for ... a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- money -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- money -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- $ -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- $ -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- money -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- money -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 The beta version of this system is absolutely magnificent ! Smooth and fast and yes ... reliable . Apple , you are leading the come back of what -LRB- Mac -RRB- computers are all about and Windows people only dream of even in Microsoft 's backyard . Thank you .
 You get what you pay for and Apple has always been the leader in the new and the latest . In my opinion the reason why no ` upgrade ' price of 10.2 was released was from a widely published -LSB- upgrade -RSB- that made the free 10.1 packet you could get at any Apple reseller a full install . Apple is a business , bunissess make money . Enough said . Stop complaining and take the time to LEARN something for a change instead of belly acking about how this isnt OS 9 .
 Installing Jaguar on my G4 Cube was a great , easy , quick and stunning ... BR > But seriously MAC has always been better / easier than Windows -LRB- even though i think Microsoft is a great company giving good support for MAC users -RRB- with Jaguar , Apple just makes life TOO easy . OSX has grown into a powerhouse system.Ignore gripes about printers and whatever , just enjoy the easy interface , improved software and amazing networking opportunities.IF YOU ARE HESITATING ? DON `` T !!! Just buy it and see the future of OS.We all love our macs , we all love the stability of classic OS ...
 I have been procrastinating the switch to OS X from OS 9 for a number of reasons . First , I felt it to be a real hassle always having to switch to Classic when I wanted to use my software . Second , when I tried an earlier version of OS X , none of my peripherals worked . And third , I was loathe to give up an old and trusted friend who I had gotten VERY used to - The Mac OS -LRB- from version 7-9 -RRB- . I finally broke down and bought Jaguar because these three criticisms , and many more , have been finally , and fully addressed . Every software title I use save one , is now OS X native , all of my peripherals work fine if not better -LRB- as is the case with my tempermental external CD-R -RRB- , and I am quickly becoming used to my new friend , who has turned out to be a vastly superior OS.OS X -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- is a pleasure to use and is n't as difficult as I thought to get used to . Now is definately the time to switch if you have n't already done so . OS X is the future of the Mac and it is bound to make that future a bright one .
 I loved 10.1 due to the superior interface and stability of the unix-based platform , but there were a number of annoyances . These have almost UNIFORMLY been fixed in Jaguar -LRB- 10.2 -RRB- and I can not recommend it highly enough . I 'm running it at home on a high-end -LRB- if 2 year old -RRB- machine - dual processor G4 machine with Radeon graphics card and on a 6-month after debut iMac -LRB- from way back -RRB- , so i feel i have a good experience of using it . First the best news : * Neither machine has crashed since I installed 10.2 . And the iMac was real flakey with 10.1 . whatever -- it now is solid * It 's faster to startup , initialise OS9 and just plain do stuff . Especially noticeable on the iMac . * My QPS!Fire CD-R/W drive can now burn from iTunes and desktop . In 10.1 it could only do it through Toast * All my other stuff -LRB- IR mouse , ancient serial line X-10 control system `` MouseHouse '' , KeySpan USB-serial interface , palm interface -RRB- works just fine . * USB Printer sharing !!! Phew . Now I can share my canon printer and not have to export stuff around the house and run from room to room.Other nice news : * Smooth and clean fonts * Sherlock yellow pages and other modules is awesome * Hog heaven for unix hackers like me!Overall , for me , the big wins were supporting way more peripherals natively than it used to , speed improvements and stability . As an example , I used to reboot in a `` nothing can interrupt '' configuration to burn CDs -- no network or anything . Now I browse the web and download software while burning at 32x . Last night the -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- web browser crashed whle I was burning a CD and I had to kill the browser -- BUT THE CD KEPT BEING BURNT THROUGHOUT . Mega-nice . I usually like to write balanced reviews , but from my perspectives , there were NO drawbacks to upgrading to 10.2 except $ $ $ . I see that others have had problems with peripherals and print drivers -- my experiecne has been exactly the opposite . Everything from ancient RS232 serial ports running through a Keyspan serial to USB converter has continued to work , and stuff which previously did n't , now does .
 I was skeptical of making the jump from OS 9 , but now that I 've been using OS X 10.2 for several months now , I must say I am totally impressed . It is rock solid , with a wonderful look and feel , and iTunes and iPhoto , in particular , are quite elegant and extremely useful . It recognizes your digital camera , imports the pictures easily , and provides great ways to share the photos -LRB- email , webpage , etc. -RRB- . Check out in particular the `` slide show '' option for viewing your photos ... it plays pre-selected music with the pictures -LRB- a great way to view them -RRB- , or allows you to select a song of your choosing ... I saw a guy do this and thought he must have spent considerable hours putting together this slide show when in fact all he did was select `` slide show . '' Similarly , iPod syncs with iTunes flawlessly and quickly . I 've also really like Entourage and use it as my default email program . Anyway , now that I 've been using OS X 10.2 , OS 9 looks drab to me . If you 're hesitating ... do n't . Make the move -- you wo n't regret it .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LRB- Money -RRB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LRB- Money -RRB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 OS X 10.2 is outstanding . I am neither an Apple ee nor a developer ; just someone who has been lucky enough to play with a pre-release version , and I can honestly say that the glow reflected in these reviews is real . 10.2 is a revelatory experience .
 If Apple had this OS 5 years ago , they 'd have a 30 % market share now . What they have here is a modern Unix-based OS with a truly friendly and useful interface but with all the power under the hood . The Mail program that comes with it is quite nice , and contains the best and easiest client-side spam filter I have ever encountered . iCal is nice , but is n't industrial strength.This OS never crashes - the only times I reboot are when upgrading software . Applications crash all the time , but the OS moves right along without a hiccup . Airport works seamlessly with DSL , even with my older base station . Firewire and USB are truly plug and play with no hitches . Quartz looks sharp . PDF is very well supported , and print-to-PDF seems to work well everywhere . Some of the Finder deficiencies of 10 . l have been fixed.My only major complaint is that the Java support needs to be updated . I hear that 's coming , but I do n't want to wait.Minor quibbles
 I rated Mac OS 10.1 at 4 stars , for a couple reasons . Primarily because it was slow on my Mac G3 400mhz with 256 mb RAM . Window resizing would take forever , sherlock 2 would crash frequently and not be useable until a restart , and lack of built in Samba networking support.Now with Jaguar I give it 5 stars . The window resizing speed has been increased so it is actually bearable on my old slow mac . I am networked in with a windows network and printer , which was a simple process . So I am sharing files with my university accounts , and printing to the network printers . The overall look of the OS and extra small features make it more complete in my opinion , about like the difference between MS Windows 95 and 98 . They work very similarly but the later is far superior.Mac OS X also works great if you run FTP servers , Web Pages , etc , because it has a lot of built in support for them , and I think Jaguar adds firewall protection for the computer . Useful for me since I am hooked in 24/7 . The install was simple -LRB- I installed from 10.1.5 to 10.2 -RRB- , there are a few options , to upgrade your old system -LRB- if you already have 10.1 -RRB- , to save your old system to a backup folder and perform a full installation , or to simply wipe everything and start from scratch . Total install time was about 1 hour on my machine.The biggest problem with Jaguar or any OS 10 that I have found is the lack of printer support . You may want to make sure if your printer is included in the supported printer list . See Apples website , - > Support - > discussions - > Mac OS X , for a good discussion list where you can ask questions . I would like to add that the printing has gotten better , my Epson 740 Color seems to work just fine with Jaguar , it always acted up with 10.1.5 , but there are still a few times when I try to print and it wont respond until I turn the printer off for about 2 minutes and turn it back on . Sometimes my help program will crash as well , if I get carried away and try to double click on everything.Overall I would say it is worth the money to upgrade , especially if you get the education discounts that Apple offers . I have been very pleased with Jaguar , and when I get a newer mac with dual processors , I am sure I would be happier . But it is still pleasent on my Mac G3 400 , and even on a friends iMac 333 it runs great . I would make sure you have 256 mb or more of RAM , especially if you do gaming . The iMac initially had about 160 MB in it , when I upgraded to 288 MB it was better . If you only have a G3 , I would avoid the games , I can play Diablo II and Warcraft III but there is quite a bit of hesitation , so I have to set to the worst graphics modes , but it works perfectly with MS Office X and other such applications.If you are switching from Mac OS 9 , I would suggest getting updated applications that make use of Jaguar 's improvements . Out with the old and in with the new is a very fitting statement for Jaguar -LRB- and OS X in general -RRB- , if you have a lot of expensive applications that need more than just simple updates , it may be wise to wait until you need to update them for another reason.And finally , many large software manufactures are now providing support for Mac 's new operating system . One of which is Mathworks , MatLab is now available again for the Mac running OS X. I am sure many more will follow . Finally Mac may have a great software base again , which is a big reason why people bought PC 's .
 I finally switched over to jag from 9.2 . i just love it.i can go from 9.2 to jag and back.I 'm using a powerbook-speed 667-ramn 768 . I tried out the browser `` omniweb '' . I went back to netscape 7 . I think its still the best browser , and I used them all.Now back to jag.Its the best thing out there , and i , ve run them all.From macs 7.6 all the way up , including windows 95-xp . Nothing runs like a jaguar.If you got a mac that can handle it-do it.you wont be disapointed .
 I purchased my copy early and have not been disappointed since . OS/X Jaguar is great ! Lots of tools included with the OS , it 's faster than the previous release , and has support for more devices . Plus there are so many enhancements and new features . A great deal!No regrets , I never looked back .
 10.2 is not so much an update , as it is an entirely a new OS . There are so many changes , some big , some small , but all are welcome . From interface changes , nice features and overall improvements in speed , this is what you have been waiting for . Great apps like iChat , Sherlock 3 , great features like internet sharing , CUPS printing with support for thousands of printers and Quicktime 6 , with MPEG-4 support . Do n't forget Rendevous for networking that just works and Inkwell handwriting recognition . The address book is brilliant , as is Mail and the spam filters . Like all the other Apple features , they are n't just easy ; they work . There is also expanded Audio -LRB- MIDI -RRB- support , GCC 3.1 , a much improved Preview and so many more features than I can list here.There is so much in Jaguar , there is something that will appeal to everyone . This is a mature release of OS X and while it has a many features for ` serious ' computer users , it is also , fun and a joy to use.Do yourself a favor and buy Jaguar . At the very least , drop in on an Apple store and use it , but bring your wallet ; if you use it , you 'll be buying it .
 i work with windows at work , and play with mac at home . jaguar is by far the superior in so far as stability , elegance and speed . again , as with most pc vs. mac debates , aside from gamers , most end users should be fine on either platform ... the difference being whether one wants to enjoy their time on their computer or struggle with the usual windows snafu 's . the look and feel of jaguar is elegant and responsive . i had os x 10.1 when i first got my ibook , and i immediately noticed a snappier response when opening apps and files when i upgraded to jaguar -LRB- even though my graph card ca n't fully take advantage of quartz technology -RRB- . the only gripes i have with jaguar and os x is the difficulty in personalizing the desktop and general look of the os -LRB- although like i said , the default look is excellent -RRB- . there are ways around this , although the hacks and apps are endorsed by apple , so do so with caution .
 Jaguar is significantly faster than 10.1 and takes advantage of hardware acceleration for some systems , including the Powerbook DVI I 'm writing this on . I am hearing-impaired and was glad to see that there are options for disabled users -- being able to have the screen flash so that I do n't have to have my hearing aid on to know I 'm being beeped at is a plus.Jaguar also has a more plasticky look to some of its interface components , such as some toolbar buttons and list menus . It does not , however , include that updated slick look on window close/min/max buttons or scroll bars , but I 've improved this with a thirdparty theme . Menu Extras do n't work in Jag without a thirdparty utility that , fortunately , is free . Such inconsistencies are relatively minor and hopefully will continue to clear up in the future . Rumor has it that 10.3 , Panther , will include further speed boosts.Areas that could stand improvement are its inclusion of Internet Explorer as the default browser -LRB- fortunately , far easier to remedy on Macs than Windows ; just drag it to the trash after you 've used it to download your browser of choice -- with the thirdparty Pinstripe theme , Mozilla looks great on my desktop -RRB- ; the Terminal client could use better ANSI color emulation , though relatively few users will find that a problem ; the number of built-in color schemes is limited to just the standard scheme and to a Graphite scheme that 's designed for graphics artists ; and the built-in firewall needs a friendlier interface . This can be fixed with thirdparty utilities , but unfortunately , the good ones are n't free.Still , 10.1 is a very good operating system -- it 's rock solid , and does n't have the antitrust and security problems of a certain other OS . I do n't have any major gripes with the system , and I love being able to make full use of the BSD subsystem that 's hiding underneath and many users do n't even know about . With the Developer Tools installed , I can even compile the vast library of GPLed Unix software out there.If you are in the market for a computer and have the cash , get a new Mac -LRB- you 'll get Jaguar with it . -RRB- If you have 10.0 or 10.1 , go and upgrade . Now .
 i unfortunatly bought a new ibook on july 16 , one day before the release of 10.2 , so I had to pay full price for the upgrade ... The upgrade is , even at full price , well worth the cost.I had been origionaly disappointed by the performance of my ibook . It seemed sluggish when compared to my desktop pc . With 10.2 however I noticed a marked improvements in everything.Internet pages load fasterMicroSoft word documents are converted fasterCDs convert to mp3 format slightly fasterViaVoice , which I origionaly bought for 10.1 , was fasterandMy printer finaly workswith 10.2 my lowly 600mhz ibook seems to be comparable in performance to my 1.6 ghz desktop pcBUY AN IBOOKBUY 10.2 BUY A BOBLBEE BACKPACK TO KEEP IT ALL INyes a boblbee backpackexcellent protectionexcellent qualityperfect if your in college
 I am a relatively new user of Mac 's . Having ditched my Win NT unit in 2000 , I now have three iMacs of various styles that belong to the kids , my PB G3/500 which I relegated to the wife when I bought my G4/500 Titanium PB . I have installed Jaquar as a upgrade on 10.1.5 with little or no trouble . The OS is smoother and peppier than the previous version on my Titanium and is blindingly fast on some of the 700 and 800mhz units I saw it on in the local Apple Store . There are many improvements touted in 10.2 that to me are probably not useful due to other 3rd party tools that I use -LRB- such as Office V.x -RRB- , however , the mail app is greatly improved , and sherlock is very different and better . Lots of new options in Sherlock and the selection of drive and ID for indexing and search is gone - thank god.All in all , worth the purchase . Amazon did a great job delivering the OS the monday after its Friday night release - very very surprised as I expected it on Wednesday.Tom
 Jaguar adds so much to the Mac OS X experience that it would be impossible to live without . Earlier reviewers stated that only Apple developers have access to Jaguar-only partially correct , because anyone who attended Macworld New York got to play around with it . In addition , Jaguar is already loaded on some new machines from Apple that are shipping today . Therefore , it 's not only Apple developers who have seen Jaguar .
 Mac OS X does not disable built-in floppy drives . Mac OS X runs better on computers that are built for it . Running it on a Beige G3 is like running Windows on a 486 ; you can do it , but it does n't mean you should . Crashes occour from poorly-designed APPLICATIONS , not OS X. I have had OS X for over a year , and I have had only 2 ` kernel panics ' -LRB- full system lockups -RRB- . hbj200 is wrong about the 1 % . it 's more like 8 % and growing rapidly , and everyone uses Windows because they believe Bill 's propaganda . There is more documentation about digital cameras that networking in OS 10.2 because of Rendezvous -LRB- Stable , Efficient Networking for Dummies -RRB- I
 Stop worrying . Believe the reviews . Just buy it .
 One of the best Apple OS 's ever . Worth every penny.Better speed and quicker startups -LRB- for both G4 and G3 -RRB- . Very smooth feel , solid operation . Mail app -LRB- with new filters -RRB- and Address Book are indispensable , reliable tools . Axis print server with Epson 740 works exceptionally well with 10.2 . Apple has delivered with Windows networking - easy to use and reliable . -LRB- Of course , Mac networking is a snap to set up . -RRB- Helper apps are very handy . Sherlock is much improved . And a quick Find has been added to the OS . Plus , a Midi tool has been provided.And alas , Spring Loaded Folders are back !! I have n't even touched on the ever useful Developer Tools -LRB- included in the box -RRB- . This upgrade has something for every level of computer user . And it works out of the box ... no fuss , no headaches .
 I am a longtime Mac user and I have never been disappointed with any of their products , Needless to say , that this version of 10 operating systems is as good a product as I expected it to be . Never a disappointment from Mac and never a disappointment from Amazon.com . Thanks ever ! Glenda Smith
 This landmark upgrade to the innovative Macintosh Operating System reminds us of why we choose to use a Mac over a Windoze PC . It 's speedy and stable and includes so many innovations that Windows XP users will want to switch in greater numbers .
 Thought Jaguar is a great update from 10.1 , it would be a much better move to wait for Panther which I 'm told will be released on October 24 . I will include all updated included in 10.2 , but you get faster previewing , user switching , and espose . You can see all the updates at apple.com . I have a developers gold copy , and it is really sweet .
 Interesting to see all the whining about various things and user threatening to go use Windows . Go ahead . Deal with the Microsoft nonsense , the nonstop security updates and the constant virus updates for my virus scanner . I just bought an ibook with OS X 10.2 installed in it and I love it . I am a NT/2000 Systems Administrator and I have 2 Windows XP machines at home but I thoroughly enjoy using OS X. I use it exclusively to do work at home leaving my XP machines to be expensive doorstops . I recommend that users buy one of the OSX books that list the hidden features/recommended settings to get full functionality of the OS . We NT/2000/XP user 's have to buy these books also because nothing in Windows is documented and Microsoft has everything turned on in it 's OSs at install so everything -LRB- including security -RRB- is wide open which is bad because a lot of applications/services that ordinary home users have no need for is hogging a lot of memory . Although I must admit paying so much to upgrade to Panther when it comes out is something that I am not looking forward to .
 All 's I can say is wow . I had been fearful of buying this OS , thinking that it was n't going to work on my older powerbook . It 's such a shame that I waited so long.The GUI is beautiful , the renderings are quick , and my machine has n't been restarted in weeks.Now that apple has released so many new products at Macworld , I 'm even happier . I ca n't wait to utilize Safari and the new iMovie , iTunes and iPhoto.If you are having any doubts about switching your OS , you should visit an apple store for an hour and try and make one of their demo computers crash . It ca n't be done . This is beautiful software .
 Jaguar recognized my USB CF Card reader , PCI/USB Card , and other peripherals without any additional drivers . It has lots of new features that make 10.1 look like the base model -- while this looks like the feature-packed deluxe model . A worthy upgrade .
 With the release of Mac OS X 10.2 , Mac OS X finally shows it self as a real OS . Since the release of 10.0 a year ago , Apple has been working around the clock to fix issues related to speed and cmpatability . With the release of 10.2 Jaguar and . Mac , these issues are for the most part solved . My Power Macintosh G4 and iBook systems run just as fast if not faster than they did under 9.2.2 and all the features are right there at your finger tips.Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar adds back in the features long missed in the first relaseses such as pop up folders and more control the customization of your computer . For those that are trying to compare 10.2 Jaguar to 9.2.2 stop now . This is a new operating system and leaves the old Mac OS behind embracing the Mac OS X heritage of the BSD Unix sub-system . Although Mac OS 9.2.2 is no longer included with Mac OS X , it is not needed anymore with almost all the apps now out for either Mac OS X or Unix . This is a must upgrade !
 I 've used OS X since the Public Beta and can remember feeling a bit anxious when I first saw how differently things were arranged . I was concerned that the Mac experience was about to be irreparably altered . As it turns out , each revision to this OS has improved on the original theme , and with `` Jaguar '' OS X 10.2 I find myself a confirmed OS X user ! I 'm in OS X 100 % of the time - returning to OS 9 has become an uncomfortable and disorienting experience -LRB- I would 've never thought it could happen -RRB- . While it is true that the best experience will come with updated hardware and software , I have found that most recent products are well supported in the `` Classic '' environment . And when updated products are used their application is seamless
 I have always been a big fan of Apple products ; from using an Apple IIe in grade school , to a Mac IIsi in high school , to the very first iMac , and now to a brand-new G4 tower . Thankfully I have converted my husband as well . But when we needed a second computer in our house in addition to our iMac DV , we opted for a PC because of its lower cost . We thought it would be really great because it had XP and we 'd be able to play more games on it . Bad idea . After a year and a half of use , it became so bogged down with spyware and adware that we had to reformat the hard drive twice in one week . Also , we needed to have a computer with a beefier video card than the iMac has , and unfortunately iMacs are only upgradeable in its RAM.Frustrated , we shopped around for a new Mac to replace the iMac . This time we decided to do it right and invest in a G4 tower . We bought directly from Apple , with 10.2 Jaguar installed.This machine works like a dream . My main problem with OS 9 was the fact that although it had the capability to setup different users on one computer , it did n't work all that well
 I , too , have been a loyal mac user for 17 years , and I can honestly say that this is the best OS I 've ever used . I do hard-core graphics work , and the difference between OS 9 and OS X is like night and day . I have ten programs open at once -LRB- Photoshop , Illustrator , InDesign , Word , Mail , Entourage , etc. etc. etc. -RRB- and this OS simply will not crash . I give it lots of speed -LRB- modern Macs -RRB- and RAM -LRB- 1 GB + -RRB- but who would n't ? This runs like a dream . It 's installed on all the Macs we have . Highly recommended .
 I saw the Jaguar beta demoed at the Atlanta Mac Users Group and was very impressed . Even in an unfinished state , it seemed to be noticeably faster and included spring-loaded folders -LRB- missing since OS 9 -RRB- , improved Sherlock , finder search function , and centralized contact database . I do n't think the price is out lof line since Apple has to make money somewhere to stay in business.I have n't been disappointed in OS 10.2 . My installation went flawlessly -LRB- it idid take awhile - at least 2 hours -RRB- and I 've had no OS-related problems since . Jaguar is definitely faster , especially booting Classic and opening Classic appliacations.I 've been using OS X since last fall and ca n't remember the last time I 've had to reboot due to a system crash/kernel panic . Since I have an iBook 2001 -LRB- no fan -RRB- , I never shut down the computer and instead just put it to sleep . I routinely achieve uptimes of 30 days or more . I only have to restart for the occasional software update , handled flawlessly by the Software Update system preference . By the end of 2002 I would like to be totally weaned off OS 9 although that may be a little optimistic .
 Have an older iMac that had OS 9 . This was the highest OS X version the computer could handle . Had a program that required OS X and this worked fine . No problems at all to report .
 The product was as advertised AND included the ability to register the software . This is exactly what I needed to get my inherited iBook to function again .
 The Mac OS X 10.2 Jaquar -LRB- Old version -RRB- worked wonderfully in my mac comp . Made it run smoothly and effeciently . Was very pleased with product and the fast response to my order . Everything went smooth as glass . Great experience .
 this is the best operating system period ! the mac 's had to change their operating system ! its the best one out there . its cool because every application is n't apart of the operating system , so if the program crashes , your whole computer does n't crash ! if you have a mac/thinking about switching , you have to get this one !!!! or wait and get panther -LRB- 10.3 -RRB-
 Some people have mentioned that Windows XP is a much better OS than the 10.2 Jaguar . I have something to say about that : The OS X Jaguar is the most stable , reliable , and initiative OS ever made from Apple . Windows XP is an Operating System for computer newbies . I personally use Linux most of the time -LRB- Slackware -RRB- but when I am not using that , I am using Windows 2000 , which is a much better Operating System compared to Windows XP.Now back to the OSX Jaguar , I was very impressed with how little it crashed compared to my old OS . The email program specifically would crash very often , and the Jaguar really fixed this problem . Yay , now I have less to worry about when I get 300 pieces of spam mail in my inbox ! I found the Networking capabilities with PCs a nice bonus to this OS . Apple has realized that to partially win the battle , they have learned that if they ca n't beat them , minutely join them ! Networking the Apple and the PC together is a nice feature . Being able to share printers is also great . I was never able to do this with my other versions of Mac OS . I do n't know , maybe I was too stupid to know how , but on Jaguar it was a few clicks away and I was finished.I noticed that the graphics have been upped a small notch which is also a great feature , and ofcourse I see it taking more and more advantage of my G4 every day . I recommend this OS to any extreme Mac user .
 OS X 10.2 , code-named Jaguar , is a must have upgrade for modern Macs . While OS X was perhaps a little to sluggish on my rev.A iMac , on my iBook 700 , it has become my computing home . Yet , there were shortfalls in the initial versions of OS X. Features and polish that I was accustomed to , being a Mac user since Version 6 , were lacking . Jaguar makes OS X complete . Performance , functionality and user interaction are up to the level one expects from Apple .
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 Ghz dual Intel cpu 2 Gig ram -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- Pro-Graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- I Have been drawn to the light of OS -- X.So to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computer I went to Apple.I bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Win 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so ! Not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 ; this 10.2 is faster and better in every way and in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt CAD software to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- money -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- money -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 Buy this upgrade !! While not a true switcher -LRB- as I run a high end Win XP Pro PC -LRB- 2.4 ghz dual Intel cpu 2 gig ram -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- Pro-graphics card and the fantastic Sony GWM-FW900 24 '' wide screen monitor -RRB- for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- a seat 3d CAD/CAM software -RRB- But to replace my ageing Dell 800 p-3 mostly used for games and fun with Linux -RRB- as a main home computerI bought a top of the line iMac 800 G-4 super drive in March to see what all the fuss was about ref OS-X . as I am an old Unix geek thought it would make a nice BAD Unix toy if this Apple thing did not work out and it was so fine to look at as an industrial design engineer.So if any one was entitled to be miffed with Apple at the full price on this ` point ' upgrade it was I.Well this is NO ` point ' upgrade ! this is like going from Wi 98sp2 to XP pro SP1 only much more so not only Was X 10.1.5 rock solid on the iMac G-4 this 10.2 is faster and better in every way in very subtle waysIf I could get my work software ported to OS-X I would have a dual G4-1 .25 Ghz driving my Sony MFW-900 in a momentI am a total convert to the fantastic beauty of this OS and I Have ordered Ashlar Velum Cobalt to see if it can replace my work PC software on a Mac
 This software package gives you an account with . Mac for one year . What that really means is that you 'll have an @apple . com email address , 100MB of storage space on Apple 's servers and a few other services . Those services are : Webmail - Access to your mail from any computer with internet access.Homepage - An insanely easy to use program for posting your own webpages -LRB- only the people you give the address to can access them -RRB- . iDisk - Your personal hard disk on the internet . Perfect for sharing files and archiving.Backup - A very easy to use program for backig up your important files to iDisk , CD & DVDAnti-Virus - A continually updated -LRB- by Apple -RRB- program to keep your Mac virus free.Support - Online support in the form of FAQ 's , Discussin Boards , hlepful links , Tips and the AppleCare Knowledge Base.This is the perfect solution for people -LRB- like me -RRB- who do n't want to be bothered with finding multiple other companies to preform these same tasks . It 's also good to know that someone 's watching your back . Apple does this by continually updating the support pages and anti-virus software as well as offering many free programs and demos through iDisk . For me though , the best feature -LRB- besides email -RRB- is homepage . It allows me to eaisly keep family and friends up to date with my life . I post a quartly newsleter as well as photos from special occations . And speaking of email it 's terrific . It 's not the most feature laden account out there , but it 's more than enough for the average user.For keeping family up to date , an internet based hard drive with 100MB of space AND anti-virus protection as well as backup software you could hardly do better than a . mac account .
 If you run OS X on your Mac , . Mac is recommended to enhance the functionality of your machine . In order to use Apple 's Backup and iSync utilities you need a subscription to . Mac . The . Mac mail service is not as user friendly or powerful as other services such as Yahoo mail , but the Apple Mail program makes it easy to get your . Mac mail . The value of the free games that you get throughout the year is negligible , but if Apple continues to add features and software available through . Mac it will be hard to make a case against subscribing .
 While this product is not yet released , it is interesting to note that Apple is offering the same services/software -LRB- it 's called . mac -RRB- for -LSB- price -RSB- to folks who already have an iTools account . If you do not have an exisitng iTools account , then the discount offered here is excellent -LRB- if you need the services -RRB- . For me , the extra iDisk space makes this a worthwhile expense .
 Apple 's suite of online tools is an incredible way to extend your digital hub , and as Apple keeps adding features and services , the value keeps going up!If you 'd like to see examples of what others are doing with their . Mac accounts , check out -LSB- the website -RSB- . Check it out , then buy a . Mac subscription ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 If you were smart and took advantage of a $ 160 rebate offered by a major office supply store to get this product for free , you would share my feeling that this is one of the best things I EVER bought . After using it for a year-I would even pay the $ 160-it 's that good ! Sure , you need a rudimentary knowledge of accounting to set your business up in Peachtree-but if you 're not willing to put the time in to learn that , you should n't be running a small business in the first place . Peachtree does n't serve up all the answers on a plate-you have to put some effort into understanding how your business decisions impact your accounting . Is that so terrible?The fact of the matter is , this program has taught me more about the accounting process than I ever wanted to know . And in the process , has allowed me to focus on growing my business instead of just entering data . I did n't start a small business to sit there entering information.Major pros-1 / email function-turn off your fax machine and click twice to email purchase orders .2 / import function-has saved me literally days-set up a . csv file - click - and purchase orders , invoices , payments and receipts are written-as if by magic!If you 're in a highly detailed business-spend some time witn Peachtree and you 'll never know how you got along without it !
 My five year old son is a science buff and really enjoys the Magic School Bus series of software . This one appears to have many different areas to click on . His favorite game is where you pick between 2 bugs or predators of insects and they `` fight '' . Through this game they explain how some insects use various secret weapons -LRB- smell or acid for example -RRB- to beat even larger bugs or animals . My son will play this for a long time if I let him .
 Great Product!I had to recover my computer after a fatal error with a ghost image and it worked flawlessly . As for the comment made in a previous review , Ghost does not back up the MBR -LRB- master boot record -RRB- on your hard drive . It only images the drive that you specify . It 's not that the images did n't work but Ghost does n't back up the MBR . If you ever need to restore the master boot record you can use a bootable floppy with the FDISK command on it and restore it with the FDISK / MBR command . This will restore the MBR from the back up copy that is on the hard drive . Over all very pleased with the product and I always keep a ghost image on hand just in case .
 My system setup is an Asus A7N8X Deluxe v. 2 motherboard with a 160 GB Seagate SATA drive running Windows 2000 with all updates installed . Ghost really could not have been easier . I have never used Ghost and never looked at the manual . I just looked through the choices at the startup screen , chose to make bootdisks first -LRB- seemed like the right thing to do -RRB- then left the bootdisk in and restarted the machine . The language used buy Ghost is a little confusing but it did n't take a genius to figure out . Anyway , I created the image , rebooted into Windows , stuffed the bootdisk in , restarted and went about restoring from the image - it worked . Then I went back into Windows , copied the image to a DVD -LRB- I just used Nero and copied the image over -RRB- , rebooted and restored again . It worked . So , I 'm pleased . Symantec loses points for forcing -LRB- yes , forcing -RRB- their clients to answer a stupid profiling questionaire that includes your age and current job while registering Ghost . Shame on you Symantec .
 I 've been using this program for years now on 7 different machines and thus all different types of setups . I only use this product to restore my system to `` like new '' status ... no optional programs that are used once a year ... no huge files -LRB- movies , music , pictures , etc. -RRB- so I do n't know how well it would work in those instances of more than 6 Gigs to backup . I just backup the core programs that might take a day to load and back it up then . This program is easiest if you ghost to a secondary internal hard drive . Take the time and make those ghost boot DOS recovery floppy discs every so often ... they do n't last like dvd 's , cd 's , and hard drives that your final Ghost image will be backed up on . I was going to upgrade to 10.0 and after the reviewson it I figured I 'd stick with what works great for me . The one thing I wanted was to be able to skip the floppy disks and go straight to the bootable dvd , but I guess that is a luxury that I can do without . So I recommend Ghost 2003 for this manner of use .
 Bought in late 2002 after using previous versions , this is still the most reliable and fastest version ever . From win 95 , 98 to winXP SP2 , its a workhorse and does it job flawlessly.I would like to upgrade to a newer version of Ghost and am investigating the pros and cons of doing so .
 This is the best backup solution I have ever used . I read somewhere that Norton removed some features in its successor . I am happy with it .
 I 've used Norton 's Ghost 2003 for a few years now & it has never failed me ! A complete image restore in just a few minutes !!!
 This is a brilliant piece of software that is completely reliable in creating an entirely valid backup of an entire partition or drive that will always restore perfectly to a given partition or drive -LRB- unlike it 's main rival Drive Image 7 which is very , very unreliable . -RRB- Provided , however , that you 're aware of it 's limitations : It 's supposed to backup to a CD/DVD drive but it 's list of drivers is very limited and it 's very likely that your drive is n't supported -LRB- I 've had 3 and not one was supported -RRB- , the only way to create a backup was onto an existing partition on your hard drive.It requires one primary partition to be free on your hard drive so you can only have a maximum of 3 for your own use . This is a major limitation for me.It has to reboot into DOS mode to work , then reboots windows.It has problems reading backups that are on a different hard drive . I had to use special software to unhide the partition.Other than that , it works perfectly and is one of the most important things I ever got for my PC .
 Bottom line - backup , backup , backup.I previously had Ghost 2000 , and recently upgraded to 2003 . I really only use the program for monthly backups of my hard drive . I learnt the lesson the hard way when -LRB- 2 years ago -RRB- , I purchased a Dell that had an IBM 60GXP drive . What a mistake that was ! I went through two of these drives in six months . Prior to my hard drive failures I did not regularly backup my hard drive . Now , all I do is monthly backup my system and application partition with Ghost . It makes an image which it burns onto about six CDs . The interface has been upgraded now so that the PC user can setup all the options in windows and allow the program to then reboot the PC into DOS and run the actual backup . It also installs the boot files needed to use the backup CD as a boot CD -LRB- need to ensure your PC can boot from the CD -RRB- . I am happy I have done this as I found out last week that my present Maxtor drive is failing -LRB- after a year -RRB- . Once I get my new drive it will be simple exercise of restoring the image on my new drive ! Easy as pie.Some people still argue that the program is clunky and weaker since it still uses DOS . My view is that it is highly reliable , whereas other programs such as Drive Image , etc have been known to have problems . I highly recommend this program for people who want piece of mind that they have bullet proof backups . Note
 The new Ghost 2003 supports USB 1.1 , 2.0 and 1394 Firewire hard drives and cdrw and dvd-rw drives . You can create a single floppy disk that will let you save a image of your hard drive to a 2nd partition of your hard drive , a 2nd hard drive , cdrw drives -LRB- will span multiple cdr & cdrw discs -RRB- , dvd-r drive , external usb 1.1 & 2.0 hard drives and 1394 hard drives.You can restore you saved image from the same single floppy disk.Ghost will create a virtual partition and boot to pc dos to image your hard drive without the use of a floppy . Caution , if you can not boot to your hard drive , you must create a bootable floppy or cdrom to restore your image .
 After reading the reviews for Norton Ghost 2003 , I purchased the product with a great deal of trepidation - especially all of the problems people have had with ` unsupported ' Maxtor external hard drives -LRB- USB -RRB- . I was very happy to find out that this product was a breeze to install , configure and make back-ups with . I have only used the most basic features -LRB- creating an image of my 80GB HD on a 120MB Maxtor 2.0 USB external drive -RRB- , but I was able to get it done in about 2hrs . with no major problems to speak of . The compression was more than satisfactory as it imaged my 80GB hard drive into a 20GB file on the Maxtor . In order to get this to image to and restore from an external Maxtor USB drive , you have to go to the Syamntec website , get the drivers and copy them to the appropriate directory based on your O/S -LRB- Go to Symantec.Com , look under Products -LRB- Ghost -RRB- , Support and then do a keyword search on ` Maxtor ' in their knowledge base -RRB- . I do have one complaint
 For those who have `` Coolstar 's '' problem -LRB- where the backup fails for some reason and you 're not able to boot into Windows -RRB- here 's the fix -LRB- the same thing happened to me and I figured out how to fix it by trial and error -RRB- : Boot your computer using a startup floppy disk -LRB- created using Windows 98/ME for example -RRB- and run FDISK -LRB- a copy of this program has to be on the startup disk , of course -RRB- . If your computer ignores the floppy , you 'll have to change the startup order in the BIOS so that it tries to boot from the floppy before the hard disk or CD-ROM -LRB- done by pressing a certain key immediately after booting up - this key depends on the motherboard manufacturer ... in many cases it is `` delete '' -RRB- . Once in FDISK , if you examine the partitions -LRB- option 4 -RRB- you 'll notice that in addition to your normal partitions , there is also the virtual partition that Ghost made `` active '' -LRB- so that the computer boots from it -RRB- . To boot into Windows , choose option 2 -LRB- `` Set active partition '' -RRB- and make your system partition - where your operating system 's boot files are located -LRB- C
 After reading the reviews in here with much hesitancy I bought the program over the weekend , and before I opened it went out to the Symantec website to check hardware compatability -LRB- which you should do with any software product these days just to be sure . -RRB- I had used a prior version of Ghost and it was a little quirky -LRB- but it did work fine , with high quality cdr 's -RRB- but 2003 seems to have fixed alot of problems and has some great new improvements . I started out simple and went for a straight image to CDR 's . . while not the fastest method it worked without a hitch . . It also works great with USB external drives as well . . much faster than cd 's even on USB 1 . . I 've got 3 computers backed up on an 80GB external . . awesome ! It does have limited DVD support as a few people mentioned but DVD 's are new and it will take a little time to catch up . . I think the reason most people are having problems is not reading the manual , it is a complex program but simple at the same time . . All the answers are there if you look for them , too many people are just used to installing a program and figuring it out as they go along . . If you 've ever experienced a hard drive failure or system crash without a backup -LRB- as I have -RRB- you quickly learn how important backups are . . With Ghost 2003 regular backups are a snap , get a USB drive and along with CDR 's you can have 2 sets just in case . .
 I made a mistake last night and thought I was going to lose the microsoft ebooks I had when I restored my hard drive from an image stored on several cdr disks . It took four hours and 18 cdrs to restore my hard drive . When it did boot I was able to open up all my ebooks.Norton Ghost 2003 is not the easiest software to use . However since emachines stored the oem setup software in norton ghost format , it was the software I chose to buy once I had a relaible burner . I did n't lose a lot of data because the ghost image was only a week old . I 'm going to backup my hard drive once a month with Norton . Easy or not I got my system back the way i had it a week ago thanks to Norton Ghost 2003 .
 I am a software tech . Win XP SP2-I 've given up on Ghost . Backups were verified & good , but would not restore . TWICE ! BAH HUMBUG!I decided to give inexpensive Acronis 9.0 a try-It works GREAT , there is a `` learning Curve ... '' . I posted a `` detailed technical review '' on Acronis 9.0 ...
 I 'm using these discussions to help me decide on purchasing Ghost 2003 . What I need to do is change the old hard drive on my Notebook by moving the O/S and installed programs to new bootable hard drive . I would like to `` image '' or `` clone '' the Notebook 's old drive over my home network to a new hard drive that is installed in an external enclosure and connected to a PC by USB or Fire Wire . I hope to end up with the new drive being an exact bootable copy of the old drive and to then install it in the Notebook . My 5 stars assumes that I can do this . I know that Ghost can `` image '' across a network to/from USB and Fire Wire but is the final restored/cloned drive bootable ? Has anyone done this or is Ghost capable of doing this ?
 My experience with Norton Ghost has been outstanding . I had a problem restoring my boss 's PC , but it was due to a power loss in the building . After the power came back on , I was able to restore the PC just fine . I would venture to guess the problem -LRB- s -RRB- encountered was due to the lack of experience of the individual using the program . You have people that profess to be computer experts , but all they are are users . I 've programmed , managed mainframes , managed large data centers , was a Database Administrator , and Norton has NEVER gave me problems !
 It 's easy to get lost in all that is needed for your computer with the ample amount of products offered from Symantec . For the money , I would suggest buying Norton Systemworks as it covers all Norton programs such as firewall,anti-virus , ghost , utilities and much more . Paying for a program such as this separately for the money does n't seem worth it . Norton 's interface/software is very easy to use and well done though I find little use for the Ghost system on personal computers . Most things that can be saved can easily be done on disc and to save a complete system is great , but how often do you do such a thing ? Ghost is a great idea if you have the money to spare as you 'll have very little use for it on your system . I give it 4 stars as it 's a great product , runs well and is put together but as far as usefulness , I would spend the money on anti-virus .
 I have used Ghost 2003 to reimage two new hard drives and restore a working drive and it has worked like a charm . I have saved images to a second hard disk and to CDs without any problems . My C partiton is 5GB and holds only Windows XP , the D partiton is 5GB and holds all my applications . Those are the only two partitions I save using Ghost . I make sure to defrag and remove temp files , etc before making an image . In the right hands this program is a lifesaver . In the wrong hands it is useless . I love it !!
 Ghost 2003 has been awesome for me ! The whole restore -LRB- or backup -RRB- process takes no more than 5 minutes for me ... and that 's dealing with 3gb OS -LRB- w/xtra programs installed -RRB- images . I have WinXP SP2 , & read/write my Ghost images on a separate partition . I 'm surprised to read that other people say they have problems , or their whole restore process takes like 45 minutes !
 this is someting i played since i was 5 and i still like it.the most of it is like `` virtial '' monopoly in jurrasic park `` outfit '' . but it also includes mini games.i realy recomend it .
 This program does n't seem to be good for absolute beginners , but it 's good for expanding your vocabulary . It took me a while working with other programs for learning Chinese before I was ready to make good use of this one . Dictionary part of it is awesome because you can see how the words are written in Chinese characters as well as in pinyin . It has lots of fun games to test your comprehension and a lot of the material is focused on testing your knowledge of Chinese characters.The program does teach some dialogues as well as grammar and it is helpful for making sure you 're pronouncing the words correctly , but for me the greatest benefit of this program lies in helping one to learn lots of words and characters . You get to learn about 3000 words and 800 characters and the best part about all of these words is that you get to hear them and you get to play with characters through lots of fun games . It really does help to retain the information .
 with help from a Taiwanese or Chinese friend this is a good product to learn chinese but you will need to pracatice and not give up
 This is a great software to learn Chinese.Indeed , I would have never though I will be able to learn Chinese as it seems complicated but this software had the answer for me.First , you are able to hear the language , and then it is your turn to talk and improve your pronunciation . This immersion method was very helpful.You could learn and pronounce hundreds of words , sentences.Very interactive package that I will highly recommend . The activities proposed in the software are also very good with fill-in-the blanks , crossword puzzles , ... , a good and fun way to learn a difficult language !
 Some time ago i bought the French version of this software , and it helps me a lot . Based on this reference , i bought the Mandarin software , and i started to learn some phrases and practic some dialogues after 1 or 2 hours of being started.My review , is simple , i was expecting to learn , and i 'm . Thanks !!
 I bought this new version because I love the photo show made by the version 2.03 , hoping there is a great enhancement in the new version . The product lives up to my expectation - show styles in the new version have improved a lot ! Though not all styles favor my taste , it is my choice , and there are plenty of styles to choose from . Moreover , the Picture Pro edition let me change themes easily , for example , I can paint my own book covers and design pages for the 3D flipping book , and change the room and table settings.One new feature I like particularly is the `` My Albums '' list . Now , I can keep a track of my built albums -LRB- I 've built a lot ! -RRB- and make any change of any album whenever I want to . I do n't understand why there is a need to save , as one reviewer wrote . The album I built is the copy that saved from the preview . I can make the change of the copy using the same GUI controls I use during preview . There is no need to dig into the album files . Perhaps the reviewer is commenting on the version 2.03 , which can not be applied to this version.I am an amateur photographer , and occasionally use Jasc Paint Shop to do some preliminary photo editing works . I did n't expect that 3D-Album Picture Pro come with a great photo editor , and did not even give it a try until the last weekend when I decide to create my own book cover . Holly cow , I ca n't believe that an album software come with such a powerful photo editor that is even better than my dedicated editing software . Jasc 's tube brush is always my favorite but making my own tube is rather difficult . In Picture Pro , I simply create an image group and then drag and drop image into the group . I am very impressed by the Picture Pro 's 3D layer styles and vector illustration tools.I clicked the book cover image in the Photo Show page , choose the edit menu , and the software brings the book cover directly into the editor where I can put my own design . I can switch back and forth between the Photo Show page and the edit page until I get a happy result.I bought the version 2.03 about one and half years ago . I remember there was a problem with my old HP laptop -LRB- not with my desktop -RRB- with S3 video card . The software will crash after running about 5 minutes . The support told me that the crash is due to the bug in the S3 video driver and upgrading the driver will solve this problem . But S3 video card was quite old and the support from HP was discontinued . I eventually got my new Dell Inspiron with GeForce FX . Both the old and new version now run smoothly without any problem . So , before buying the software , you should have a check of your computer . A decent 3D video card such as nVidia 's GeForce or ATI 's Radoen is the key , no matter how fast your CPU or how much memory your have .
 I must truly applaud the staff on their extraordinary animation works . The variety and originality in various 3D effects is very apparent . Being the first timer to adopt the 3D technology in my business , I 'd like to share my experience as a previously upset user but turned out to be a very pleased customer -- inadequate system resources or graphic card configurations -LRB- e.g. , the cheep integrated video card -RRB- are the main reason that I have had continuous problems in performance and quality . Once this has been resolved , everything turns to be very smooth and great . Many evidences of this kind of change similar to my experience can be seen in the public community forum from the 3D-Album website.Being only moderately knowledgeable on computers , the software does require some learning curve for me . It is not a wizard-driven program for beginners . After getting familiar with necessary terminology and concepts , I found the program to be quite easy to work with . More to the point , folks at support as well as in the community forum are very helpful . I 've learned a lot from them and now quite knowledgeable in this area . Fewer software products today can provide such a great and dedicated support . Good results can be seen by many examples that users have posted in the community forum , ranging from novice to professional .
 I have the old version 2.03 and upgraded to the new version about 10 days ago . The new version is a huge upgrade . I was surprised to find that the new package contains almost all tools for my photo needs . It is no longer a picture show only software . Its photo organizer , printing , and editing features are as powerful as those professional tools . But what set this software apart to other products is still its 3d picture show tool . For these who want create movie-style picture shows , this is a must-have . Lots of new 3d styles and new controls are added in the new version . More selections . The DVD movie capture is integrated in the program .
 Wonderful learning experience for one and all . Two levels of music . Romeo did Musical Instruments which is fabulous . Perfect for schools and libraries too.Low cost should n't deter you .
 Once upon a time my computer took several minutes to boot ; all programs and games slowed to a crawl ; it crashed so many time its ' license was revoked , and browsing through the internet took so long I always had a good book in hand , you know to have something to do meanwhile.Then there was PerfectDisk 7.0 My computer booted so fast it scared me . Running programs and playing games with out any crashes was so exhilarating I had tears in my eyes . And surfing the web with my stupid dial-up connection -LRB- Cable and DSL are not available where I live -RRB- was surprisingly fast . Hey I even stopped reading ... uh , wait , is that a good thing ? ... I forget . Any who the point is that this program rejuvenated my computer . I highly recommend it . Plus I also recommend Spy Sweeper . Both programs are excellent!Install PerfectDisk in your computer and fall in love with it all over again.AWARDS WON : Redmond Best of the Best Readers ' Choice AwardWindows It Pro Readers ' Choice AwardPC Magazine Editors ' Choice Award two years in a row.UltraJs ' Heart
 I do a lot of photoshop work , and have been using this software instead of the more expensive Adobe ... I find it serves my needs , I had to replace the one I had cause it got corrupted , I 'm now using this one , and very satisfied with it . . thanks .
 I really enjoy using this product to edit my photos . I find it to be user friendly .
 I am taking a Photoshop class right now.Some shortcuts are the same for this program but some are not . You wil have to play around to get use to everything a panels . But it works good and help with fixing some published photos I have .
 Great product . Fast delivery . Will buy again from this seller . Love it ! AAAA !!!!
 I am basing my positive review of this game Dinosaur Battles on the following
 i just got this game for my birthday , which is n't really until next week . but ... and it looked like it would be fun and it was . you get to go on an iland and find all kinds of dinosaurs -LRB- i think there are 6-8 of them , all different -RRB- and then you get some dinosaurs and you can give them a bunch of different cool powers like makeing their tails swipe or their claws razor sharp . and then you have these bad guy dinos that you have to kill -LRB- well , you don ; ' t really kill them because they get up and skunk away when you beat them and that is funny to watch !! there 's a story in the game too so its not just one fight after another , you have to think a little bit and i like that the fighting is a part that you have to think about too . i am not finished with the game yet there are a bunch of levels but i am getting closer to finding out the secret and that makes me want to keep playing . if you know a kid who really likes dinosaurs and fighting games for the PC or for the mac , then this is the game for you !
 My twin 5 year boys love this game . They can do everything except activiate the DNA in each skill . I have to do that for them . However , they can handle all of the battles and they have completely solved the game . I really enjoy playing it too ! For those of you stuck on the aklosaurus , the online help of this game will get you through it . There is NO WAY we would have figured out how to complete this whole game without the online help . I strongly suggest printing it off and keeping it on hand . Anyway , the only way to defeat any armoured dinosaur is to use the piercing skills . They are usually the yellow skills with the word pierce or piercing in their name .
 I like this game . It is better than most of the dinosaur games I have played because their is a real strategy in being able to fight the different dinosours , not just hacking them up until they die . I also like that there 's no blood and my little brother and I can play together . GGREAT JOB ! MAKE SURE YOU PLAY IT B4 YOU RATE IT !!!
 I gave my eight year old son this game , and he has been playing it with enjoyment for the past six months . He has played it with each of his friends on playdates , and several of them have purchased it and play it at home now . It is essentially an exercise in optimization -- how to configure the dinosaurs so they will battle most effectively . It takes patience , strategy , and skill to create winning dinosaurs . I believe my son is learning while he plays . Fortunately , the battles are realistic enough to be satisfying but not gory or upsetting -- the defeated dinosaurs do n't die , they just moan and slink off . An additional plus
 This game is very fun , challenging , cool , but hard . I 've been trying everything , every attack . I get stuck with the aklyasaurus . I have to rescue Kirby -LRB- a camper from the game -RRB- from the aklyasaurus guarding him . Kirby is very smart and can figure out what the code is on the dam . Another aklyasaurus is guarding Dr. Cort 's lab filled with info of Ingen_files . Every time I use an attack on it , the screen says `` Attack blocked by armor '' . If only I could get past the aklyasaurus I could move on and go to the next level . SOME ONE HELP ME !
 Usually , my kids get bored with a computer game after a few days , and my wife and I play them only to help the kids . But with Dinosaur Battles , we all play -- and we 've been playing since last October -LRB- 6 months ago -RRB- . The reason we like the game , I think , is because it has endless variations , all of which can be challenging .
 I am 9 years old and I have been playing this game for a few years . The first time I played it , it was quite difficult because I could never get past the protectors through the different lands . The game is really fun . The way to get your dinosaurs to win their battles against the stronger dinosaurs is to get skills from winning battles against weaker dinosaurs and then go to the DNA lab to get stronger . The purpose of the game is to stop an evil scientist from cloning dinosaurs and causing trouble . The way you do this is to first get past the Hatchling Velociraptor which guards you from all of Jurassic Park . Then you travel from land to land , each time getting a new dinosaur to use . The third land is the hardest one because you have to fight Aaron 's Triceratops . Finally , when you get past all of the lands , you need to beat the Prime Spinosaurus using your own spinosaurus . You will earn a great skill that you can use . This game was fun , but be careful because dinosaurs are on the rampage !
 Jurassic Park Dinosaur Battles 3-D is Great ! It is also fun ! You get to control your own dinosaurs and battle other dinosaurs on Isla Sorna ! The dinosaurs that you can control and battle areVelociraptors,Stegosaurus,Triceratops,Gallimimus,Dilophosaurus,T-rex , Spinosaurus , and Ankylosaurus . You can also control and battle Pteranodons . ! The game is super hard . I still ca n`t get pass one of the Ankylosaurus !
 This is a good game , but is a little hard for a four year old . He loves to play with his dad , though !
 I think this game is great in many differet ways because there is no gore or violence , the game has 3D graphics which is the best , you gain dinosaurs like T-rex , Spinosaurus , Velociraptor and much more , you also gain attacks along the way , and it doe n't need a scanner like scan command does because Dinosaur Battles already has 500 or more peices . So I rate Dinosaur Battles a 5 is because almost anyone can play it and it 's fun !
 i think this is a great game i am a true master at it im only 10 and im a great hacker i like it but i wish this game was a little bit more gory because i have a game called warpath jurassic park and that is so bloody you feel there pain but anyway this is a great game i just wish i could beat spiny my t.rex can.t wipe him out .
 After my second Dell Computer -LRB- PC -RRB- had a major hard drive failure -LRB- I have an ACER now -RRB- I quickly purchased this product in hopes of retrieving files . It worked as advertised and was able to retrieve my most important stuff . What a horrible experience it all was but , thanks to this product , not a total loss . KC
 More and more of our customers have been requesting us to try to match our custom product colors to new Pantone colors that were n't in our old swatch book . So this updated book was very helpful .
 Absolutely necessary for all that design and produce color projects.End the discussions about how a color should appear.Tear out your color choices , send to you clients and eliminate the confusion about just how your choices will appear.This is practical , necessary and affordable.Using this as a benchmark for color will end the `` I thought the color would be ... '' phone calls from clients .
 Laplink provides a simple way to synchronize two computers . The synchronization can be performed through the internet or through a USB2 cable -LRB- provided -RRB- . Im hoping they go to firewire at some point ; that should definitely be on their agenda.In all , it is very easy to make sure that two computers have the same files . We use it to keep essentially one computer as a backup of the other . You can easily select which directories need synchronization , and how to synchronize them -LRB- one way , overwrite , etc -RRB- . Pretty simple and easy to use interface ; it take no time to learn how to use it . It even has a virus checker for transferred files which can come in really handy.This program can be an absolute lifesaver . It can be a simple way of transferring data from an old to a new computer for example . You could use it to synchronize outlook , but it would take some extra steps ; you are better off going to an exchange server if that is your goal.If you are looking for a cheaper option Id recommend a program called Foldermatch . It is shareware -LRB- ~ $ 35 -RRB- and does essentially the same thing but it is a little more rigid and a bit slower .
 The best thing about this product is the Internet based service . It allows you to connect to the internet site , then to another PC . This allows for no special configuration to your routers or firewall .
 I 've used FormTool for years . It 's paid for itself many times over . It 's one of those programs I do n't use all the time , but would certainly miss if I did n't have it . It 's like any software , it takes time to get the hang of it -LRB- it 's not quick , and yes , it can be frustrating -- like almost any software -RRB- . I do n't connect to databases , use formfiller , or do calculations -LRB- I do n't use templates , either -RRB- , I just create forms . It 's not perfect , but it 's good for just creating forms , and it 's cheap . I upgrade when new versions appear and always get the least expensive version . I 've tried to make forms in MS Word -LRB- ya wan na be really frustrated , try that ! -RRB- and in Excel , but neither comes even close to the ease and functionality of FormTool .
 This is a very powerful tool for quickly making custom business forms . What I liked most was the ability to quickly connect to a database so I could keep my invoicing in one place . For such an inexpensive program I am amazed at the amount of depth the program has for field calculations , publishing , and data collection .
 My daughter loves these games . I had to show her at first how to do it -LRB- of course -RRB- but she picked it up really fast . She likes being the different characters . Good buy .
 This game used to have an online community and match making system . It was phenomenal , but then it was no longer supported.Even without online support however , it still features a fun campaign mode with some good side puzzles . The offline game has all the Marvel VS sets through Avengers . A must own for VS fans , and one of the best TCG video games ever made .
 This game is a great card game . It is like magic where you have to have certain number of special cards in order to bring out others . But like I said I dont know what cd I download but it was 5gb in memory I contacted the main page and they where clueless to what I bought . But overall it is a good game
 I purchased this iLingo AsiaPack for my husband who wants to learn Korean . As a native Korean speaker , I think this pack has a talking voice sounded like reading a book , and there are a few phrases that are very old or no one really use any more -LRB- just like a lot of language learning books -RRB- . But , for my husband , who loves his ipod , I think it works quite great . He listens to his ipod a lot , so he catches some words by listening or reading . So , overall this is OK way to learn Korean . I am not so sure about other languages in this pack . We have n't try yet .
 I found this program extremely helpful to use in its test mode function -LRB- there is a study mode option as well -RRB- . By clicking on my state -LRB- Rhode Island -RRB- , I was able to gauge my knowledge of the CDL Manual and to see if I was prepared to take the written test . Each question had a different graphic -LRB- and sound -RRB- so it made the whole studing experience a breeze.The virtual printer at the end of the exam printing your score was really cool !!! Highly Recommended and an inexpensive investment compared to what is taught in CDL schools !
 I am a novice when it comes to photo-editing software . Adobe Photoshop Elements 5 baffled me , it 's not very intuitive to a new user . It seemed everything I wanted to do , the software could n't or would n't do . It turns out , I was very wrong ! The software did everything I wanted it to do and a whole lot more . The thing I had been missing was a good training class , and Total Training provided it . In six hours , instructor Chas Perkins explained all the things that had confused me . The course was presented in a logical , well-written order , and it was actually fun to watch . Total Training for Adobe Photoshop Elements 5 is truly an excellent product .
 I 'd recommend this to anyone wanting to familiarize themselves with Photoshop Elements . It was easy to watch , the person giving the lesson has personality ... not like some of them I 've watched that put you to sleep . I think I learned a lot from this video . It was a lot cheaper than paying a couple of hundred dollars at the local university for a class . This way I learned from the convenience of my own home .
 This is much more user friendly than the software , original Camedia , that came with my camera . It actually supports my camera , which the earlier version did not , so pictures download right from the camera . It is much easier to print out , save , and email pictures now . I am sure it does lots of things I have n't even discovered , but so far I am very happy with it . Much improved .
 It was my fault with the purchase because it does n't work with windows 7 . That is very odd because 2.5 works well with 7 . regardless the seller held up his end of the bargain . the shipping was excellent and the package arrived undamaged . Good Job to the seller
 It says `` usually ships in 24 hours '' , but it has been 11 days and it still has not even shipped yet . They say it should ship by March 5 and I ordered it on Feb 11 . If you are excited about receiving your product , I would order with someone else .
 This is the first time I 've ever tried editing my home videos . I 've found this software to be extremely easy to use . You really do n't even need to read the instruction manual that is included , it 's so simple . It has met all of my editing needs , which are somewhat basic . I do n't know if more experienced movie editors would be as pleased with this product , but I really love it . You can download videos , edit video footage , burn CDs , create music videos , and much more . Very fun software !
 I usually use Magix 's Video DeLuxe 2.0 but this is nice for something different . It 's much easier than full editing software , but still more flexible than some of the more basic programs out there -LRB- like Pinnacle 's Expression -RRB- . The wizards work well and you get a decent music video for most occassions -LRB- do n't try that with video that requires audio in synch , though ! -RRB- My only gripe is that some of my MPEGS are not compatible in this software and it re-encodes all of my video that is already encoded . But for a beginner package or something to inspire new ideas , this is a super piece of software !
 Was in an hurry to get some software to put a video presentation together for a rehearsal dinner ... Roxio Videowave has worked pretty well so far . Most of my media is still digital photos , but I incorporated both stills and video into the presentation . Saved it pretty easily into an MPEG file , and it 's worked well so far . User 's manual could be a little better , Help menu is okay for beginners . Overall , a good product . It has met my expectations , but just whetted my apetite to do more ! There 's a rebate available - use it to make this quite affordable .
 Many of the comments talk of VideoWave as not working well with older , slower machines . This will be true for just about any video editing software you choose . Video takes A LOT of information and you need a fast machine to process it . I like this product . Admitedly , I have n't been able to play around with it too much , but it seems fine to me . I also own Pinnacle Studio 8 . That I HAVE played with a lot and I mostly like it , too -LRB- only MOSTLY because at first it gave me some problems when I tried to burn to a disc , similar to a problem in a review listed below -RRB- . VideoWave seems to be more for the template-oriented person -LRB- easy to crank out lots of stuff -RRB- while Pinnacle seems to be more of a do-it-yourself platform . Both have their places . If your computer is n't too old to do video editing and you would like to try , then I 'd recommend this product .
 Not as good as Ulead Studio6 but there is not much left you can ask to this easy , not very expensive and polyfunctional program . It allows you to rip your existents DVDs , convert them into . avi extension , and viceversa , so ... you can imagen what you can build if you add to all this the capablity of reading and writing . dvix format as well . support all kind of mediums , DVD , SVCD , VCD , DVD-R and plus etc.Only thing a beginer like me is missig is the wizard , but if you know a little about video editing you wont need it
 Fantastic product , never used an editor or produced a dvd before , tried DAZZLE 's DVD COMPLETE and it didnt work on my machine -LRB- P4 / xp home -RRB- so this was next inline and it worked.Out of the box it came , made one alteration to the export settins -LRB- which was export to PAL as it is set to NSTC -RRB- within 20 minutes i was holding my first DVDGREAT STUFF
 Let me elaborate . I 'm one of the lucky ones -LRB- judging by the other reviews here -RRB- , who has n't had any technical problems . Installation , usuage , etc. . . all fine . That being said , if you CAN take that out of the equation , it is the best editing software I 've tried thus far.Windows Moviemaker stinks comparatively -LRB- Gee , no DVD support ?!? -RRB- , and Sonic DVD has less options.My minor complaints involve not being able to add two text streams in one scene -LRB- only one per scene - boooo ! -RRB- , and that you can not have an entire audio file play throughout the scenes -LRB- in other words , you have to splice between scenes , the audio file - a major pain ! -RRB- . However , on the flipside , you can create your own titles , add your music , credits , etc. . for a pretty decent job.I got it for free via rebates , so I really ca n't complain . So , would I buy it ? Absolutely ...
 ImageMixer v. 1.5 software came bundled with my Sony DCR-TRV350 digital 8 camcorder . I purchased VideoWave because ImageMixer would not write to my PC 's CDRW drive . VideoWave has worked vey well importing video via the firewire link , and I have been able to make satisfactory VCD 's . I did install the free upgrade for VideoWave before making any movies . The learning curve was short . I highly recommend VideoWave .
 For the price , this product by Roxio is fool proof . You can make a custom DVD or Video CD quickly and painlessly and make it look very good . Simple to install and great to play around with , I highly recommend it . Especially because it is FREE !!!
 I need to backup my iBook to a PC . There are very few good alternatives for this . Basically , Retrospect Professional 6.0 is the only game in town . -LRB- Retrospect Express depends on Apple 's fragile SMB support , though the latter is improving -RRB- . -LSB- NOTE
 The SnagIt Software is a great piece of software . I use it to do screen prints for the CoPath Plus product that I use at work . I allows me to do the screen prints and draw arrows and symbols to emphaze various aspects of the screen .
 It is a great product . A miracle for computer editors . I would have been lost without it . I was able to create great projects .
 I got tired of Norton Anti-Virus . Every upgrade got bigger , clunkier to install , start up and run . Yet , it did n't seem to actually stop viruses from attacking my computers , which I thought was the whole idea in the first place.eTrust EZ Armor was free , actually , after rebates , so I gave it a try . I could n't be happier.First of all , it 's a MUCH smaller program to install and run . Installation was quick and smooth . I use the EZ Firewall instead of the one that comes with XP . No problems whatsoever.The anti-virus software works . No viruses . Updates are timed to your preference . I do them every day , since they takes just a minute or two using dial up , seconds with DSL.Everything about this software is so much better than Norton 's , you will wonder why you did n't switch sooner .
 This software is so great I do n't know why it is n't more well known ! I first got EZ Armor last year free from the Windows security page . You simply downloaded it from online , and it lasted a year . -LRB- I see the Windows security page is now once again showing this free offer . -RRB- I believe it took 20 minutes to download with dial-up . And it has worked great all year . It just stays in the background and does what it 's suppose to do . To renew online this year , I would have had to pay $ 29 , which is not bad , but I got this 2005 version on CD in the box for cheaper . It took only a few minutes to download . Only , I should have removed the old version , because it expired last week ; and when I tried to get the most current virus downloads , it kept telling me I had to renew . Thus , I uninstalled everything , and reinstalled . Once again , both tasks only took a few minutes.Since the Windows Security Pack 2 has a firewall , I debated if I should install the EZ Armor firewall , since you 're not suppose to have two firewalls , but decided to go ahead anyway . Because the Windows firewall has caused me problems at certain sites , like eBay , and I 've had to turn it off . I tried turning the EZ Armor firewall off first , but that did n't solve the problem . Thus , if I need to turn off the Windows firewall again , I still will have the EZ Armor one on.Talking about eBay , this version of EZ Armor has a password security feature , where it will block your password being sent to any fake eBay sites , like the ones you find in spoof e-mails . As I stated in the beginning -- terrific security software ! And it only takes 18MB disk space , compared to 71MB for McAfee and 90 MB for Norton !
 After years of fighting through Norton and Symantec 's bloatware and MacAfee 's overly-comercialized offerings I discovered EZ Armor from CA.I was totally amazed at how good this software is . It is fast , effective easy to configure and very versatile.It 's fast because it 's lean . It is a fraction of the size of the competitors and uses less memory and system resources . It 's action is transparent to the user and most of the time unless you have a legitimate problem you wo n't even know it 's there and working.The firewall is as or more effective than any on the market . Plu sit 's action is quick and unobtrusive . It does not slow the system down any noticeable amount.The virus control is simple to use , and keeps itself up to date with no user involvement . It screens e-mail and external threats automatically and effectively.The pop-up blocker works flawlessly and the cookie control is very customizable where you can block site by site to any level you choose.I highly recommend this package to any Windows computer user whether thay may be a casual home user or a professional.CA did an excellent job on this package . This is all I care to use on any of my corporate Windows machines . The price is also excellent so there is no excuse not to leave yourself unprotected .
 Well , been using it for awhile and I suppose its been great . Bought for $ 8.99 with 8 months left is a nice deal . Why do I just suppose its been great ? Well , the thing about this antivirus is that it updates 2x a day , almost invisibly and unnoticably behind the background , and works just the same . And when I scan , nothing ever shows up . So I do n't know if its really working or not haha . I just know my computer is doing great . Just remember to get the latest version of this antivirus from their site.The firewall works quite nicely even though you have to give it a few days to configure your settings and see what you want and do n't want accessing the computer and internet . But the problem went away . It seems to work quite well.Do this to protect your computer . You need at least 512 MB Ram for all the usage but do this to protect from 99 % Spyware Adware Viruses Hackers etc out there . Get eTrust Armor for antivirus and firewall , let it update automatically twice a day morning and night , than get Ad-Aware SE Personal , Spybot S&D ; and Spyware Blaster for immunity against spywares etc before they hit your cpu . Find a good registry cleaner and get avant browser if you want , helps stop pop ups which leads to sites that distributes spywares or viruses . Boom . Its been 2 months , only spyware I got are the usual ones that are ALWAYS on my computer . Ca n't get them out of registry unless I really go into there , I 'm not too great on in depth computer stuff so nothing I can do here.Well , get this software , its scanning is pretty fast . Its overall pretty good . I SUPPOSE . Nice day to all .
 I 've tried Norton , McAfee and even BullGuard -LRB- BullGuard is lousy and worthless , IMO -RRB- anti-virus programs , but none work as well as EZ Trust does.Ever since I got EZ Trust , I 've actaully felt a lot safer than I did with those other anti-virus programs.So far , EZ Trust has blocked 99 intrusions on my computer.Good job , EZ Trust!I highly recommend EZ Trust to everyone .
 Anytime I 've tested another brand , my computer and productivity has suffered . This is ONE company that is getting the AV software right.Automatic updates CONTINUOUSLY - so when something new is developed , you get it . When I run THIS software even on cabled networks and hotel networks , well , I feel secure that CA is doing what I 've paid them to do - to keep my computer virus free.I also like the updates for detecting potential NEW threats using their new engines.I 've had CA on several of my computers for YEARS . To keep me working smoothly , I continue CA on my computers.Note that this software is customizable - so you can turn off protection you do n't want - Anti-Spam , Personal Firewall and/or Anti-Spyware . I tend to run another firewall and know how to protect against spyware . I also run an optimization program which catches what the anti-spyware programs do n't . So using any option outside of the Antivirus -LRB- which does look for viruses in email , downloads , webpages and graphics -RRB- is a personal choice.Here 's a PLUS - I was able to put this on a computer OVER Norton - then scan my system making sure everything was copacetic , deactivate Norton 's for a few days before removing it from my computer without a problem . MANY other AV makers REQUIRE you remove another product FIRST before you put yours on.And EVEN if it seems like there is nothing that other program has failed to kill apparent , the act of getting rid of it can load something it quietly sequestered/suppressed that you did not see ... I should know ... this happened to me about 18 months ago when I was testing PC Cillin over Norton . It cost me several years of data -LRB- due to a computer doctor mishap -RRB- ... a lesson I will always remember.Thanks , Computer Associates , for developing such a fine product . I just added the 2007 version to one of my rebuilt computers and it is running beautifully .
 This is fabulous easy to use security software . And unlike the disastrous installation problems of the 2006 CA Internet Security Suite , this easily installs in just a few minutes , even if you 're offline.This also has IM security , and IM blocks , as well as a password setting to keep others from tampering with your blocks and settings ... great in offices . : -RRB-
 I just finished writing a review for eTrust 's Internet Security package after I saw the unbelievable amount of negative responses . I will not go back to Norton or Mcafee unless the mimic CA 's design and usefullness . I am on my second year with this program and have nothing but wonderful things to say about it . It is does not bog my system down like the `` other '' two nor did it take a lot of space -LRB- space was not a issue for me but it helps keep the system running smoothly -RRB- . Again , this program is great and I definitly recommmend it !
 The anti-virus software , I think , is pretty much flawless , and absolutely terrific in terms of user-friendliness . However , the firewall is clunky and frustrating . There 's no telling when or how it 's going to react , and I would n't use it over better and cheaper spyware protection . I would say that the firewall really slows performance , but the anti-virus saves is lightning fast , so it 's a give and take.Overall it 's worth giving a try , but I recommend just getting the free subscription for a year off CA 's website ... you might be pleasantly surprised .
 eTrust EZ Armor is the simplest and most efficient software I have ever used ! I purchased it after my Norton software failed to detect a virus and countless other adwares . Mind you , I am very attentive to update regularly , obviously it was pointless . I purchased McAfee Internet Security bundle and the disc was defective right out of the box ! I spent a total of 4 hours and $ 40 bucks on phone support trying to INSTALL the software . I had enough and quickly demanded a refund for the phone support and will be returning the software as well . The next day , I ventured into the local Circuit City picked this great software up , up and running in less than 8 minutes !!!! I was impressed.Bottom line for me , Norton is garbage , McAfee is worthless . Big brand names do n't always equal quality .
 What can I say . It 's a great product . Try it and you will love it . Absolutely light weight and fast!The only thing is that the version numbers are a little confusing . It seems like EZ Armor 2005 evolves from its initial v2 .3 , then v2 .4 , v3 .0 and now v3 .1 . If in doubt , goto http://www.my-etrust.com/Support/TechSupport.aspx type in `` upgrade '' and you will see the necessary instructions for upgrading to the latest version .
 I had trusted one of the major company 's antivirus software , but it caused me a lot of conflicts between softwares , it took me like 2 minutes to turn off , and even longer to turn on . When I scanned the system for viruses I could n't do anything else . And when I wanted to watch movies there was a lot of skipping.Now my computer is performing much better with this antivirus and firewall . Now I can surf the net while scanning my system . I upgraded the software and a whole system scan took only 35 minutes . That was pretty impressive , because usually it took me over an hour , no matter the program , with the difference I could do other things with EZ.Best thing is I got a 1 year license through microsoft and it has n't expired , but when the time comes I 'm pretty sure I will renew it.You can also configure it to scan files sent through IM programs . It scans emails , with out slowing down the upload or download.This is the cheapest program , but it really delivers . My sister in England got it too and is pretty satisfied .
 Most people reviewing this product are reviewing it from an expert 's viewpoint . I will review this product from someone with a little digital editing experience on lesser featured products , however a `` newbie '' to Adobe Premiere 6.5 First of all , this program is quite complex , and it is not intuitively obvious how to use this product or how to find a productive workflow . I tried using the supplied 6.0 userguide however I got frustrated pretty quickly.I also ordered a SAMS Teach Yourself book for 6.5 , and again became frustrated . It was obvious to me that the `` drag and drop '' interface can hardly be described by a book.Luckily the product came with a video DVD called `` Introduction to Adobe Premiere 6.5 '' by Total Training . I watched this video for an hour or two and shadowed some of the instruction on my own footage . I was able to produce a passable editing job on a five minute production after two hours -LRB- excluding time to capture footage -RRB- , interleaving watching the Total Training video and trying some of the moves shown on the video on my own footage.I bought the follow-up 16 hours of Total Training instruction for another $ 131 -LRB- including postage -RRB- . If I get through this video instruction , I will have a pretty good handle on the product , but by no means an expert.Premiere 6.5 is chock full of features , which means there 's still plenty to learn six months or a year down the road . What is a little disconcerting about this product is all the `` new features '' that came with 6.5 , however some of these features have already been available for some time in much cheaper software packages.For example , I did not buy the bundle including DVDit , and Premiere 6.5 itself ca n't burn to DVD without having DVDit installed . Instead , I create the MPEG video and audio files using Premiere , then import files into a much cheaper video editing package that came with my DVD burner to complete the DVD burn . Hmmm . And now I 'm supposed to fork out $ 300 for DVDit on top of paying for Premiere - I do n't think so.The bottom line is you can produce fairly professional results with Premiere 6.5 . The big question is do you want to invest the 20 hours effort to learn the not so intuitive interface and working methods?Well , I bought Premiere 6.5 with a firewire card for $ 200 so I 'd say it 's well worth it . And if another $ 130 worth of video training by Total Training and 20 hours effort to get me up to reasonable speed on most of the features I would ever use in Premiere , then $ 330 for software and training is a pretty good deal.By the way , Adobe customer service seems to be pretty good . You can call them for up to 30 days after buying the product . After that , you have to pay for support . I never did like this pay for support idea , since basically your paying them because their manuals are n't so good or their software is not easy to use . And sometimes your paying them to report a bug in their software .
 Adobe Premiere 6.5 is far from the most advanced non-linear video editing package you can get however let me make this one comment . - Editing is all about cutting and not fancy effects . The strength of the project is what is in front of and behind the camera not fancy effects.I would never recommend using any of the effects on any of the non-linear video editing packages anyway . Get dedicated effects packages if you really want to do your special effects well.In short Adobe Premiere is the BEST cutting software and the EASIEST to use . The learning curve is slightly steep but you will be cutting your footage within a day or two with this one.An editors cuts and arranges media . Adobe Premiere does that perfectly . I recommend this like no other but if you are looking for pro packages then go elsewhere and be prepared to pay five figures .
 I started editing video several years ago using Ulead Mediastudio Pro , which is pretty good . Then I moved on to Premiere , and it 's much better . You can find many more plug-ins and there 's lots more support on the web from users . I strongly recommend this for advanced and beginners . It is not difficult to use , and always gets met the output I expect . Just need to put in time to get to know its functions , like any other software . I use it to create MPG2 for DVDs and occassionally realvideo or quicktime . Also , it 's the only software that allows me to easily and extremely quickly convert a sound file into 48khz sampling rate . All other software , even sound software , only gives 44khz option , which is not compatible with DVD.Ernesto ...
 Adobe Premiere has been following a natural evolution from a good editing software to include far more . Over the past few years as the possibilities for video have improved so have the options included with this powerfull software.The interface is very easy to use taking the same keyboard options as were on editing systems such as Avid and others . In so doing it accomodates both the learning editor and the professional editor.When working in this program all the options are easily accessible and with the option to customise your work space you make sure to keep the features which are important to you available at all times . With the option to shift from ab editing to sound editing within seconds it is nice to use.Following on from this the new titling software enables you to create very interesting titles which are able to contour an object.If you are interested in exporting to the web then you 'll be pleased to find that the encoding software for windows media is included within the software with the latest codecs . This allows you to show your edits to your family and friends online efficiently.Furthermore to this DVD it LE is included with the software so that you can export your product to DVD , VCD DVCD so that you may start DVD authoring offering a top quality edit for your audience
 I am a complete ignorant in video edition and mastering . I was looking for a program that would help me edit and mix my home videos.Premiere helped me out a lot with it and it was easy to grab the basics . It is not complicated to start using it and in no time you 'll be adding effects or transitions to those videos of yours.You do not need a super PC with lots of RAM to use it -LRB- 128 is enough for starting -RRB- although it 's advisable with these kind of programs to have many Megs of RAM backing you up.You can import from digital cameras , VHS , and almost every known format -LRB- AVI , MOV , MPG , etc -RRB- and export your projects to almost every format too . You can add extra images or sounds to enhance your own `` pieces of art '' . I can never forget that huge big smile on my face after editing a home video and watching it on TV with transitions , still images , and recorded comments on it ! It felt so good !
 Oh man , was I relieved when I found Premier 6.5 -LRB- after using Crapinnacle Studio 8 -RRB- . You 'll find almost all of Final Cut 's and after effects 's pros here . The whole package , the great effects , includig Adobe 's well known and fabulous color distortion and everything . I reccommend this . Totally .
 I 'm not an expert in the field of editing , but I plan to be , and I did have the opportunity to use Adobe Premiere 6.5 -LRB- in conjunction with Adobe After Effects , version 5.5 , I believe -RRB- in a video editing class at my college . I think it 's a fantastic program with a lot of possibilities.While I ca n't say that I knew what to do with the program when I first sat down with it , I did get a lot of time to experiment . By the end of semester , I was quite deeply in love with the program . I found the A/B editing mode to be very useful - not only for simplicity 's sake , but also because of the use of transitions . All the projects I handed in had a simple `` fade to the next video bloc '' transition in it.Another thing I really liked about Premiere was that it played my video in real time . In After Effects , the computer system got a bit bogged down and would n't play video at 29.97 fps . But in Premiere , if I wanted film to play a certain speed , by George it went.Capturing the film from camera was also very simple . Hook up the Firewire , tell it to capture , and with one exception -LRB- being a college network failure -RRB- , it captured every time.If you plan to buy this product , please : - Have a Firewire connection . -LRB- Quite key . -RRB- - Have a large hard drive . I filled a thirty gigabyte hard drive in five months , with four projects ' worth of film.-Have a lot of RAM . `` At least a gig ! '' all the geeks in class declared . I worked with 500-some megabytes of RAM , and was told that I was operating at the bottom threshold of memory . More is better.-Have a good camera . -LRB- Oh really , d'ya think ?! -RRB- - Have a lot of fun with it . I wish to pete I 'd had more than just a semester to work with this program . While not intended to do all the special effects of After Effects or other S.E. programs , it fulfills every expectation I had of it.Highly recommended ! Good Stuff !!
 I 've been a professional in the TV industry for 27 years . I do n't understand why `` Final Cut '' is looked upon as being so great . Adobe had the right idea before they went `` pro '' and tried to copy Final Cut . This version is the one I love . It does exactly what you tell it to do . If you remove a piece of video it does n't snap the remaining pieces together automatically , like Final Cut does , What if you did n't want that to happen ? If you ask me , Final Cut is annoying and like doing micro-surgery . This version of Adobe is perfect . It has a separate `` transition track '' that lets you see , very easy , where your transitions are instead of having to imbed the transition into your video . The graphics generator is fantastic and easy to use . I love the `` motion '' feature and how it 's designed to work . I love that the controls are big enough on the screen to actually work with , not tiny keyframe dots you need a microscope to see.The only drawback is that this version ca n't handle HD .
 I purchased this program for my 10 year old son who has some motor skill issues and would benefit from keyboard work . He loves using this program . It is easy to use and the user goes through the program step by step . It does n't allow to jump around or ahead . It clearer shows what the user has accomplished and needs to be done still . It has improved his speed and he he likes being on it so it is no chore !!! I would recommend this program and we had tried several others before this one .
 this is the best way I 've every learned how to type . it 's fun and interactive . This is from a person who did n't learn in school . Get it and teach your kids to type on the computer , because in high school and college they WILL NEED to know how to type and type well .
 This is a perfect trick to discipline my 6 year old . Whenever he does something wrong , instead of time-out , it is TIME TO TYPE ! Boy does he hate it ! The wonderful thing is , there are some sixty different exercises to pass , and after he types each exercise , it gives a report of how he did -LRB- word per minute -RRB- and how many mistakes he makes . At the beginner 's level , he is allowed to make 38 mistakes at 9 words per minute . There are also intermediate and advanced levels , and even custom-set levels you can choose.My son made it through the first exercise -LRB- jf -RRB- in a couple of days , but then he got stuck on dk exercise for at least six months , when he typed each he hit his little brother over the head . It takes him 5 minutes to finish an exercise if he is in a hurry , or 1/2 hour if he is throwing a fit . I put a limit on the number of mistakes he can make ; if he makes more than 40 mistakes , he has to do it all over . The program itself does not progess unless he types in the right letter . The only way the exercise ends is when he finishes it and get the `` report card '' that tells me how he did . There 's no way around it ; I do n't have to supervise , and he ca n't cheat at all.After the long hang up on dk , he got much better and passed sl and a ; fairly quickly , and now is on gh . You might wonder if my approach is teaching my son to hate typing . Not at all ! Now that he has passed a few exercises , he enjoys reworking his old exercises , passes them again and yell , `` Mom , I passed ! '' So he does n't really hate typing , he just hates not passing!The program provides detailed statistics of his progress , special exercises aimed at improving his weak points , even a 10-key drill -LRB- number key -RRB- . During typing , you see one of several garfield cartoons where Garfield gets smacked if you make a mistake.This is an excellent program for kids and adults alike . Highly recommended !
 Kids love the animations and have made excellent progress in typing basics .
 My son is enjoying this keyboarding program for grade 6 . It is fun and keeps track of errors and speeed . It motivates and well as giving lots of practice before allowing him to move on to the next level .
 The graphics are very cute . The games are a little difficult but that is what makes them fun . Challenging enough without being frustrating . It teaches you which finger -LRB- s -RRB- to use when typing the number keys . There is a `` help '' section that helps you with speed , problem keys , and problem fingers . There are stories that are dictated to you which help you work on your spelling skills . -LRB- I believe this is the only typing game that has that feature . -RRB- The stories also tell you things about Garfield and the gang that you might never have known . Great typing cd-rom .
 My son loves this program . We do n't even have to remind him to practice . To him it 's more of a game and not keyboarding .
 I received the item quickly . I had read reviews that sometimes the code needed for the game would not be attached , but was happy to see that this item had the needed code . My son loves this typing program better than any others he 's tried .
 I got this for my 7 yr old son . He has been wanting to learn how to type , and wants me to teach him ... . that just wouldnt work , so I ordered this . He loves it . It starts out with the most basic skills and then they have to `` pass '' before they can move on . He acts like it is a game and is learning in the process . If you have a child that wants to learn to type or needs to learn , this is it . Even if they do n't like garfield , this is so much fun .
 My 8 year old loves this new game . HOWEVER , thank God for previous reviewers and their specification of the serial code . My husband and daughter were going bonkers trying to find the serial code , and then something clicked in my head - that I remembered reading about the code in one of the reviews . That is where I found the code that we used . I think it is shameful on Amazon for distributing a product that has no serial code . Do n't understand that . The product however does work great once you have that code .
 This is a great little program to start your kids learning to type correctly . You wo n't really get a lot of speed from this software , but you will learn to type in a fun method.I give it a total high-five !
 Received Garfield quickly and started it the same day . Have been doing the lessons every day and I can see my improvement . The cartoons are great and keep me laughing . I ca n't wait until my next typing class in school to show the teacher .
 I just received the software without a serial number on the CD box but thanks to another review I read I was able to register by using serial # RTR5MB9NE7TFQRYZ and it worked fine .
 Do n't bore your students with the mediocre computerize typing tools that most children have to endure while learning how to type . Garfield 's a classically fun way to introduce the proper way to maneuver the fingers throughout the keyboard from the very basics of J & F all the way to full fledge paragraphs . There 's even games for what teachers will love to refer to as `` educational break time '' . Children and even adults can build your speed and confidence while having a bit of fun . Like the headline states , a great tool for the home or classroom , not to mention well worth the money .
 Bought this as part of our homeschool curriculum . Have a daughter who 's in 7th grade and use this to fulfil her Practical Arts requirement mandated by the state . She loves using it and wants to do it everyday ! I highly recommend this software . I had no problem with the serial code as some reviewers have . It is located on the CD case and not the box . There is a sticker in the lower right hand bottom of the case with the serial code printed there .
 Thanks to the other folks who have ordered from Amazon , the key code was no problem . My high school special ed students thought Garfield would be `` stupid '' , but they really enjoy it . The only problem we have is that the program sometimes hangs up and wo n't continue . The session has to be paused and re-started , which is frustrating . Sometimes this does n't fix the problem , however , and the session has to be ended , then re-started . We have n't found a sure-fire way to stop it from hanging up .
 a great little typing tutor for the kids , kids wont get anywhere today without being able to type will they
 Like some of the previous reviews , I received the product with no serial number , so I was unable to install the software . I emailed Amazon through the `` returns '' and received a response within a couple of hours suggesting I contact the manufacturer and they supplied the email address and phone number . I sent the manufacturer an email and they responeded within a few hours with a serial number . I then successfully installed the software .
 I love this game and i think you will love it too . This game has games in it that make typing fun !! I think that this game will be fun for all ages . I hope you have fun playing it as much as i did . And i hope this was helpful to you !!!!!
 I can tell you all about Garfields Typing Pal . It is an excellent software . It has exercises that help you learn how to locate keys with out looking at the keyboard . It also has a section on 10-keying , oral dictations and ergonomics . As well as written texts for practice and games . I first came across Garfield typing pal online after downloading the free demo off the internet.I knew after that I had to get the full version . However , I was unable to find the full version anywhere else in the U.S. besides amazon.com . It 's great for adults who know how to type but want to improve their performance as well as those individuals who are just getting started . BUY IT YOU 'LL LOVE IT .
 Bought this product for my 8 year old granddaughter and it is proving very successful . At first she thought it was too hard but after completing two lessons she really got into it and I had trouble making her stop . Fun program but really teaches the basics .
 My daughter loves Garfield and this is a perfect edition to our homeschooling program . She is having a lot of fun with it so far . I will say that the program did not come with a serial number which is important to installation -LRB- it 's actually mandatory -RRB- . I called amazon and they did n't have a clue , told me to call the company . I used the companies on line tech support and had an email back from them in about 12 hours with an accurate serial number . Here is the number they gave us : RTR5-MB9N-E7TF-QRYZThis may be helpful to someone else .
 I have tried a couple of other programs -LRB- Mavis B , Jumpstart -RRB- , and this is the one my daughter -LRB- 7 -RRB- likes the best.All of them will teach you to type in a couple of weeks , it 's just a matter of which interface you prefer . My daughter loves this program so much , we have to pull her off it every time , or she wo n't stop `` playing '' . Another great feature I found by accident , is that if you switch the keyboard to `` Dvorak '' -LRB- under Control Panel -RRB- , the program automatically detects this and adapts the lesson for this setup -LRB- also works for `` Dvorak for left hand only '' or '' ... right hand only '' -RRB- . Do a search on `` Dvorak keyboard '' and you will see more about it.Basically , it 's an alternative keyboard setup , available on all Operating Systems , that is supposed to `` increase speed and accuracy , as well as being more ergonomic '' . Rumor is , the `` qwerty '' setup was designed to slow people down so they would n't jam the old typewriters . I 've found many sites that claim this , but further research shows it was just to get letter pairs to strike from opposite directions , so they would n't jam.Most people , while not finding this method faster , do find it less stressful on the hands , decreasing RSIsI do n't know if other programs adjust for `` Dvorak '' as well , but either way , `` Garfield Typing Pal '' is a great program for kids and adults , and I highly recommend it .
 I know it seems that there are some boxs missing the serial # . If you are one of these people , the serial # is
 The program is really fun even though I did n't have much experience and I have only passed a few levels so far . There are fun games -LRB- but only two -RRB- . Lots of stories and jokes about Garfield . You get to chose who will be your assistant - Odie , Garfield , or Arleena , Garfield 's friend . They also give clear instructions . There are funny animated pictures , for example
 My primary motivation for purchasing this particular product -LRB- vs. a competing product -RRB- was to have a typing-tutor program that would run under Windows XP with no problems , and I have indeed found this to be the case.I had been concerned that the software might be too child-oriented and not appeal to my 18-year-old daughter or myself . Instead , we were pleasantly surprised and found the software to be both very educational and entertaining.Accordingly , I strongly recommend this product .
 I bought this for my 9 year old daughter . She enjoys it , along with me and her grandma . It is quite addictive . I did find the comments a little annoying . I am a fast typist and I would exceed the speed and have one or two errors - many less than allowed - and Garfield would tell me to just slow down and I 'd make less errors.But overall a fun way to learn the basics .
 I purchased the program based on the other good reviews , knowing ahead of time that there was an issue with the serial number . I received the product with NO SERIAL NUMBER ANYWHERE . I searched high and low on the box it arrived in , on the jewel case -LRB- which had no paper on/in it -RRB- , and the CD itself . I tried the serial number that the previous reviewer used and it worked . That number is
 My daughter is 10 years old and uses the program daily for 1/2 hour a day . Although she considers it a chore , once she gets started she gets into it . I would recommend this program to other young children who want to learn to touch-type .
 I totally loved this game . It was like , a good teaching tool . Like , I totally like , adored it . Oh my gosh , it was awesome ! I 'd , like , recommend this to like , anybody who like , likes typing , or like , needs help.Rock on dudes !!!!!
 You people , you people , you people ! I feel like Tom Cruise talking to that guy when he said , `` You just do n't get it . '' Who was that guy ? Anywho , no the serial number is not written on the box , but guess what it 's located on the cd case . Duhh !! That white strip with the black letters and numbers is the serial number . Yeah the thing ask for the serial number on the box but it 's the number that 's on the case .
 I just want to see a preview to determine if I will like this product .
 Simplicity plus ! The best I 've tried so far and I have tried a number of them . Knocked off a few movies fairly quickly and the finished product looks quite professional . One problem I had that took a while to figure out , since Roxio and the electronics store that I purchased it at kept passing the buck , was that the manual tells you to lay your soundtrack by pointing to a frame of the movie . Unh Unh ... does n't work ... you have to lay it by pointing to the timeline track . So much trouble for such a simple solution but other than that I give it a big thumbs up !
 Easy to use interface , well balanced features , and stability stability stability ... Formerly MGA , now Roxio -LRB- that 's to bad -RRB- .
 This is excellent software , I 've used it and it 's very powerful . For the price it is a good buy if you have an older -LRB- pre-Leopard -RRB- Mac OSX . This software DOES NOT WORK ON LEOPARD nor SNOW LEOPARD . But it 's still good stuff . If you want something modern , try FCP -LRB- Final Cut Pro -RRB- .
 FeaturesPremiere 6.5 's editing screen consists of a number of free-floating windows . Premiere tools are video preview , timeline and storyboard . The floating palettes has additional features that help you monitor , modify , and enhance your work . You can hide and rearrange the palettes to organize your workspace . Premiere has a new feature allowing for the insertion of hyperlinks to your video.Familiar Adobe environmentPremiere will look familiar if you 've worked with other Adobe applications . The command menus at the top of the screen , windows to perform your assembling and editing , the toolbox , and the floating palettes . The Premiere toolbox contains tools for selecting , editing , and viewing your clips.Useful ImprovementsAdobe Premiere 6.5 adds useful improvements to its digital-video editing application . This includes real-time preview and a title designer . Premiere can take video input directly from digital and analog video cameras and store it on your hard drive . You can edit it , and output to a variety of video formats , including MPEG-1 . Project WindowListed in the Project window are all the clips that you import into your project from video , still image , sequence , and audio . Every project has only one Project window ; if you close this window , you close the project . The Project window is customizable , so that you can sort and view your clips.Wide variety of capture options . The capture interface allows you to control the camera directly . When you find points you want to capture , you simply punch-in and punch-out on the video to select.Premiere allows you to use the television as a monitor . This makes it so you can see your work on a bigger screen and allows the hardware codec in your camera to do the display work . Connect your camera through your FireWire/IEEE 1394/iLink port to my iMac and then connect the analog A/V connectors to a television set.One of the simplest is the way Premiere handles transitions . Just place the transition between the clips and it handles the transition automatically.Audio Mixer . This feature allows you to adjust sound levels as the audio and video tracks are playing . DV support is native in Adobe Premiere 6.5 , providing built-in support for all types of DV devices.New tools , such as the professional-level Audio Mixer and the innovative Automate to Timeline feature , encourage creativity and experimentation.Closes the DV to Web gap.Web export plug-ins for one-step Web output . The save for web method lets you output multiple files optimized for streaming or progressive download in popular formats including QuickTime , RealMedia , Windows Media , MPEG and others by exporting the timeline directly into a special version of Terran Interactive Media Cleaner software.Final NotesA simple and powerful video editing tool , Adobe Premiere a great choice for any skill level . It is easy enough to use for anyone wanting to put a nice touch on their home-produced movies . Adobe Premiere 6.5 does everything a professional grade program like Final Cut can do for less money . The depth of features makes it a great tool for the video editor who needs to make a professional quality production .
 ok this is an awsome product . I use it for makin movies . It is good for everybody but u have to get used to it .
 I had no trouble installing this software . Yes , it is a little confusing and poorly written . But it does what it is supposed to do . I was able to completely restore my iTunes library directly from my iPod . A friend came over and we were able to swap audio books off of our iPods in a couple of minutes . It 's not fancy , but it works .
 My hard drive crashed and I had to replace it . I lost my Library in iTunes but the songs were still on the iPod . With this software I was able to transfer the songs from the iPod to a computer file and then put them into the iTunes Library . I got lucky and found this software .
 Tune Tools does have a Help file . It is poorly laid out and really in need of a better writer -LRB- lots of spelling and formatting errors -RRB- , but it does sufficiently guide you through the process for porting your music from your iPod to your computer.My computer crashed a couple months ago and I lost all my iTunes files -LRB- close to 3000 songs -RRB- . I had burned a large portion of my CD collection into iTunes and it was all going to be lost if I could n't move the music FROM my iPod TO my computer , so that I could continue to synchronize the files as I upload more music and buy more songs via iTunes.Tune Tools for iPod did the job and it did it quickly and , frankly , more easily than most software I 've installed and used.Some have said that Yamipod is free and that other iPod managers are free - well , that 's only partly true . Yamipod will allow you five transfers a day on their freeware - otherwise , for the full release , it 's the same 20 bucks you 'll spend on Tune Tools for iPod.Look , it may not be the prettiest interface , but it gets the job done .
 Comprehensive . Printable book . Helpful audios.Same for Negotiations with regard to being comprehensive ; great interactive videos -- with good and bad examples of handling the same situation -LRB- some how the bad examples taught me more -RRB- . Printable book too . Simply Magazine owns the Simply Media brand and has a great business series ; do n't be put off by the low prices .
 ABOUT THE ENGINEFirst this engine was in 2006 , Computer World Champion.In 2006 , Junior and Fritz had a Macth , Junior won , but were the deep version . -LRB- Deep fritz and Deep junior -RRB- . So i can infere that the single version , Junior 10 should be stronger than Fritz 10 . ABOUT THE BOOK.Fritz 10 's book is bigger , but not to ahead , there are some lines that even Fritz did not considered.Style playing.Junior has its own special search techniques and evaluation funtions , which it different to any other chess programs.Junior dares to find a dinamics manoeuvres , to archieve tactical hints and even sacrifices material for a direct king atack , if you like to surprice your foes , this engine could help a lot . Even Kasparov was shock by this software.The only bad thing about this product.The engine is great , but the interface is bad , buying this product you have junior 10 with fritz 9 console , so what means , there are some aplications will not run , like new chessbase DVD 's . First , the weakness of junior is bliz , a macth in my computer agains Fritz , alway lose , but games with more time , Junior done better results , WHY ? Because Junior 's algorithm , required more time , because , Junior try to find , a iniciative lines , with tactical drawback.In the computer world Junior has a style a human player like as Alekhine , Tal and Shirov style . -LSB- ... -RSB- My recomedation , if you like to make a chess opening lab , Junior is for u , but if you have or will have Chessbase DVD , just for the interface , buy Fritz . Junior requires time to consolidates his lines.I hope my review was helpful
 You will be a World Champion after you buy this one . It 's great for all levels . The price is very reasonable . Check it out !
 I 've been reading the reviews for this product , and I have to say that I 'm extremely surprised at how bad some of them are . I have a lot of old audio tapes with live recordings , and I wanted a way to convert them to digital format , edit the tracks , and possibly clean up some of the sound . Most software that offers these features is pretty expensive . The next cheapest alternative I found was $ 80 . Since I am completely new to this , I was n't sure I wanted to spend that much money . I did n't want my ignorance to get the best of me.I tripped over this product in a store , and purchased it without hesitation . A $ 30 mistake is much easier to swallow than an $ 80 mistake . The one thing I did n't do was read the reviews first , which I usually do . I have to say , I 'm glad I did n't because they may have swayed me , and I ca n't complain.This software does exactly what I want it to do . It allows me to use a line-in to record from my tape deck to my PC . It allows me to easily cut the recording into tracks . This is made easier by the visualization feature . It 's a lot easier to cut tracks when you can see the fluctuations in the volume . It allows me to do some simple sound cleaning . And an added bonus , which I had n't considered , it allows me to record directly from streaming audio . So if a band or someone is playing a live show , I can capture it and enjoy it again . I wish I had this software years ago!For $ 30 , you ca n't beat it !
 I do n't understand all the hate for this product . I admit it has a learning curve . But once you get all the details down it works just grand . This years version also lets you burn on CD/RW disc which makes it even better than last years version that I thought was just as good . The sound reproduction is the best i 've heard . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the learnig curve . Otherwise im very happy with pyro 2004 .
 The Cakewalk Pyro 2004 offers the usual CD copying , mp3 , WMA and wav ripping , data cd creation , playback , file organizing , ID3 tags , CDDB lookup . However it offers a boatload of useful features not found elsewhere . You can record line-in from the microphone , as well as hook up your stereo . Then clean up hiss , cracks and pops , as well as add Reverb , Delay , Chorus , & other effects with Plasma FXPad . You can work with a waveform , tweak the sound effects , graphically edit crossfades , volume , start & end times , and playback segments until you get it just right before burning to an audio CD . Additionally , you can encode entire mix playlist to one continuous MP3/WAV/WMA , or split audio files graphically into multiple tracks.You can also selectively rip tracks from a CD by preselecting them before ripping . You can easily arrange playlists and then burn them into audio or mp3 , wma CDs.The best feature for me is the ability to record anything playing through your sound card including streaming audio . This is not fully explained in the documentation , but the instructions at their website explain how to set this up . You can either record live , or you can set a schedule timed to start at a particular time , for a particular duration , or end-time . This beats running the output from one computer 's line-out into your line-in . You can convert this WAV file to MP3 or WMA , with a choice of quality for MP3 files.The strongest feature set is the extensive audio editing , enhancement , cleanup , crossfades , and volume leveling controls . This is not found in the other comparable programs . The jukebox feature does not compare to other programs , and is basically consists of playback of playlists . The user interface is not too intuitive , so expect to spend some time with the documentation or to go to the website and newsgroup . For example , to convert audio format , you need to select the files , and then hit a `` More '' button at the top of the pane . There is no `` right-mouse-click '' as you might expect . However all in all , I 'm highly satisfied with this program for the audio capabilities not found elsewhere .
 I almost did n't buy this program based on the negative comments I read here . I run XP and wanted to take my old , out of print vinyls and make CDs from them . I found it to be very good for that . I just record an entire side of an album to a file , split it up into tracks visually by looking/listening to the waveform , and optionally cleaning up , enhancing the sound . I can truncate tracks if I let the record go too long . I found the process to be very easy , and it produced a good quality CD . I also used it to rip MP3s from CD so I could combine a number of audio CDs onto a single data CD -LRB- I just got the Cambridge Soundworks table-top radio CD player , that support MP3s ; love it -RRB- . There were a few small user interface things that I thought could have been better . Like automatically putting my ripped MP3s into a folder hierarchy based on artist and album title . But all in all , I 'm very pleased so far .
 Pyro does an incredible number of things really well . It took me a little while to figure out a few of the interface features , but after I sorted it out , it was really easy to use , as well . You can rip CDs to MP3 , burn CDs , play music , record and edit audio files , and even interface with a portable MP3 player . I ran this under XP and I personally did n't have any trouble with bugs in this software , so I ca n't corroborate the problems some previous reviewers had at all . Perhaps the version I got had bug fixes already applied.The interface is organized into tabs , and the start page gets you started with links to common tasks . It launches you into the appropriate tab of the interface with a little help bar that tells you what to do next . That part works pretty well . The issue I had with the interface is that switching amongst different tasks within the sam etab involves using some little icons . It took me a while to notice these icons , and there was n't a manual to point this out . This meant that the first several times I used Pyro , I kept having to go back to the start screen to do anything different , and it meant that I did n't know about some of the views built into the system . For example , I initially thought that Pyro had the most broken interface ever for listening to an MP3 playlist , because the only view I could find was the waveform view , which organizes tracks left-to-right as waveforms that you can apply effects to . Needless to say , that 's not exactly the most intuitive way to listen to a playlist of songs . After I decciphered the interface , it turned out that there was also a straightforward list view , and it was really easy to switch between the two.As a CD burner , Pyro is very effective . It 's easy to build simple playlists -LRB- once I found the list view ! -RRB- , but you can also build more elaborate DJ mixes in the waveform view . Even if you do n't want to do all that , you can still use useful features like adjusting the audio levels to make sure all your tracks have roughly the same loudness . Personally , I make DJ mixes using Traktor by Native Instruments , which is a powerful tool for live DJing . The problem is that by making one long file of the whole mix , there are n't any track breaks . So the track split feature of Pyro is one of the most useful to me . I can insert track break points , and either burn the resulting mix as a series of tracks , or even save the individual tracks as files -LRB- WAV , MP3 , or WMA -RRB- if I want . Pyro can also make straightforward Data CDs , by building a list of files and folders you want to burn.As a CD ripper , Pyro uses an adjustable , high-quality MP3 filter , so you can get extremely high quality results -LRB- or smaller files , if you prefer -RRB- . It also can rip to WAV or WMA , though I have n't tried this . It was easy to use , and grabbed CD info from CDDB , as you would expect . My only complaint in ripping CDs was that it did n't let me set the filenames like I wanted to . By default it used the track name as the name of the file , and there was an option to prepend the track number . But there was n't an option to include the artist name or album name in the filename , which is a little annoying.I have n't tried to use Pyro with a portable MP3 player . The program includes a link to a webpage that shows which players are compatible with it . If you 're interested , here 's the page
 I dunno what people 's problem is , maybe they are using Windows 98 or something . But for Data back-up and music compilation , it could n't be simpler or more reliable -LRB- so far - it 's been a few months -RRB- . So , what 's the Problem ?
 Before you buy this , be aware that even though it is supposedly compatible with later operating systems , that support is glitchy.My family are big Lego fans , and when this was originally published it was a great game . Even now , it would be a great game as long as it actually would work on the OS you 're likely to have now.The graphics are not cutting edge by today 's standards , but the figures are funny and the game play builds from simplicity to more complexity at just the right pace . My son and I burned hours and hours playing this and trying to out do each other with our solutions . We will always remember it fondly as it was one of the software titles worthy of the Lego brand .
 This game is fun ! It did n't last me very long -- less than a month because I loved it so much and played it all the time . There are lots of surprises in it . If you 're looking for an action game you should n't choose this because it 's more of a puzzle game . There are a couple of hints on each level on where to place each thing . I really like this game because it 's so sci-fi and has a couple of unexpected events in the story .
 Paint Shop Pro has been a favorite graphics software for many years and has a large number of faithful users . It is used by photographers and hobbyists to arrange , organize , adjust and enhance photos . On the other hand , it is used by many artists to create digital art , marketing and web graphics and more . Paint Shop Pro is on its eleventh upgrade and is now owned by the Corel Corporation . With this latest upgrade , named Paint Shop Pro Photo XI , the software has some new and improved features that will help you increase your creativity and productivity.The new Photo Organizer is the newest generation of the old browser . As in previous versions , you can use the new Photo Organizer to view thumbnails of your stored images and video clips or search based on filename , date , file type and size , folder location , tags and ratings . Another new feature is the Quick Review slide-show that lets you view images or video clips in full screen mode , make basic adjustments or add text.Once you get organized , it 's time to play with some of the other new features . The one I enjoyed the most is the Time Machine which you will find under the Effects menu . This new feature quickly converts your photos into representations of what that photo would look like if it was taken with the photographic equipment available in the past . The Time Machine spans several decades starting with the Daguerreotype used from 1839 - 1855 , moving along the timeline to Albumen -LRB- 1855 - 1890 -RRB- , Cyanotype , Platinum -LRB- 1873 - 1920 -RRB- , Early Color , Box Cameras and finally Cross Process -LRB- 1960 + -RRB- . Also new is the Depth of Field photo effect found in the Adjust menu . This effect simulates the Depth of Field created with expensive camera filters . After you select the area of the photo that you wish to be your point of interest , the program blurs the areas surrounding the selected area.The Crop tool has been improved giving you more control via a new floating toolbar . You can choose one of the preset crop sizes , draw the crop rectangle free form and rotate the crop rectangle . Other new features includes the Film and Filters effects which contains many customizable photo effects including Vivid skin tones and Vibrant foliage which , as the names suggest , enhance certain colors in your photos . The E-mail command has been improved so that it automatically resizes your images before adding them to your email , as an attachment or embedded in the email message itself.Paint Shop Pro Photo comes packaged with a few extras including trail versions of two of Corel 's software , Corel Painter Essentials and Snapfire Plus SE . Snapfire is especially nice for those who enjoy computer crafts . It contains several project templates for album pages , greeting cards , calendars and collages .
 I did n't need all the functions provided in this software . The software is a vast improvement over previous versions . I many crop people out and put them in group photos . Great tool for that .
 This is the best software ! If you are familiar at all with Photoshop , this software will be a breeze ! I am so happy with all the options this software has . Not to mention all the creative effects this has ! It 's worth every penny .
 I have been using Paint Shop Pro for many years the last was version 7 . This new version is , from so far limited use , very much easier to use for editing photos and produces pleasing results . I have not used the graphics on this version but expect that it will as usual be an easy interface .
 When I first purchased the software , it crashed almost constantly . However , Corel got its act together and an update corrected many of those problems . Good job , Corel!This is a great product , with many outstanding features . And excellent documentation that guides you quickly and easily , step by step through every single tool.I highly recommend this 5 star product to you !
 I did not see the performance problems that NikonMike reports . I am new to the product and have been really impressed . I tried Photoshop once before and found it daunting . This program has a really helpful on-screen guide that made it easy to get started . I am a busy person and get frustrated quickly if a program is n't intuitive for me . I 'm sure Photoshop has some advantages , but they wo n't do me any good if I ca n't figure out what to do . For anyone who is n't already an expert I recommend this product .
 I have had this only a couple of days and have learned it quickly thanks to the training CD that is included with the program.Very easy to learn . Great item .3 / 23/07 , I have used this program every day and must say I love it . I have used other photo editing software and did not like them much . This is so easy to use , the training CD gets you started and after compleing it -LRB- 7 chapters -RRB- you are ready to fix all the photos you like but are over or under exposed . A powerful program . You can look like a pro using this . 10 stars if I could .5 / 9/07I am still liking this program . The more I use it the more I learn and now can fix or change a photograph to what my mind sees very quickly .
 I read the reviews that said this was a difficult program and that it had loading and crashing problems , but the lure of all the bells and whistles got to me and I bought it . You have to understand that the most comprehensive program I had used up to now was MS photo editor . Not the `` Omega '' of photo editing . When I opened PSP XI , I felt like I 'd been given the space shuttle to fly without instruction . But when I opened the instructional disk provided with the program , I was elated . It gave me step by step demonstrations of how to use the features of the program . The same day I received the program in the mail , I was editing photos like a pro . I even used some of the photos I edited with PSP XI in my wedding announcements and invitations . I may be a dumb beginner , but even a dumb beginner can make masterpieces out of mud with this program . I love if !
 I 've been using PaintShopPro since version 5 . Version 5 was n't easy to use and I defaulted to Corel 's PhotoPaint 8 more . When Version 7 of PaintShopPro came out I upgraded thinking it would be easier than version 5 and was pleased it was . I especially loved the web button feature . Even so if I was looking to do quick graphic work I defaulted to PhotoPaint 8 . I manage about thirteen websites . I do all the graphics required and purchased PaintShopPro X ealier in the year . The version is much easier to use than previous version . Fortunately the program is loaded on one of the newer Dell computers at my office and a again on my home office computer -LRB- a Sony -RRB- . Unless I working with extremely large files with multiple layers and I 've kicked the color up to 16 million the program does n't lock up.This morning I upgraded my home office to version XI . It has some features which I was using layers to achieve . But , there is n't anything really `` new '' about the features . The fill has been combined with another button which if I had n't been interested in this `` new feature '' and read about it I would n't have found.If you are just going to touch up and crop a photo , any software will do the trick . If you 're going to be creating graphics for print or the web then this program will give you more ease of use than Adobe 's PhotoShop.Even so , I often combine what I create between several graphics programs . One program worth checking out is called Xara Xtreme .
 I started using PaintShopPro when it was shareware and finally got around to upgrading . In short , it is everything old PSP was , plus all of the bells and whistles for modern graphics editing . PSP11 is being marketed as a photo editing tool rather than a graphics editor , but it does both functions very nicely . My package came with a trial photo upload/download program called Snapfire which is a convenient way to manipulate and share photos . I have little use for it , but it installs easily and provides a convenient interface for such tasks . After installing PSP11 , I could not stop an upgrade notice from appearing on my startup screen , but the tech support people held my hand through an upgrade/download process which corrected the problem quickly . I highly recommend PSP11 for any basic graphic and photographic editing tasks . It includes drivers for most digital cameras and scanners , and can simplify everything you need to do with digital images . For example , I use it to refine and print digital images of census images and other scanned documents . It 's the best tool I 've ever used for that purpose .
 I ordered this product as a result of a recommendation from a nationally known artist , who uses this software to assist her in composing ideas for her paintings . One of the features I most appreciate is the ability to straighten out pictures that were taken at an odd angle . The software is very easy to use and intuitive . I would recommend it .
 I do n't know what 's wrong with some of these whiner 's computers , maybe not enough RAM , but I downloaded this program a week ago , updated it immediately , and have been using it A LOT since without a single crash or problem of any kind . Also , my computer is a cheap Compaq Presario . I love this program and version , but admit I have n't used any previous versions . It appears well designed and does everything I can imagine to edit and organize photos . Mine does not load slowly at all , but is a little slow in adjusting a photo , but not bad . It has turned some really mediocre photos into real beauties . I 'd recommend it highly .
 Like some users I noticed that this application was very slow at first but after using it a few hours it became faster . I suspect it was busy indexing my pictures at first . Several of its tools are substantially improved over version 8 , so much so that I save time despite somewhat slower opening and saving of files . The magic wand , for example , works so much better that I would never again want to use the one in version 8 . One limitation is that it does not handle raw image files from my Fuji camera . Fortunately Fuji 's own conversion tool does a satisfactory job.Corel offers a free trial of this product at their website .
 Paint Shop is much slower than Photoshop on the same computer , but it 's still entirely usable . Some of the sliders are hard to use , but you get used to it . Most of the functionality of Photoshop is there , plus there are some additional cool features . With this version , Paint Shop is finally a viable alternative to Photoshop at a MUCH more reasonable price .
 I was in the market to buy more capable software than the software provided with the DSLR I bought , and decided , after reading some other reviews to try this out , figuring that for $ 50 or $ 60 , if I decide that it did n't suit me , at least I did n't have much invested -LRB- like the $ 300 Lightroom software , yikes ! -RRB- . I have been really satisfied with PSP Photo so far though . If you are just interested in a really capable , and fairly easy to use image editing software application , it would be hard for me to recommend anything else . PSP Photo is an extraordinary bargain , considering it 's low price , enormous -LRB- at least for me -RRB- featureset , and it is amazingly easy to use . And if you want to try it for free , Corel will let you download a time-limited but full-featured trial version of PSP Photo from their website . If you try it , and try it with an open-minded attitude -LRB- like I did -RRB- you will probably agree that you ca n't get anything better for this price .
 Paint Shop XI is easy to use with the Learning Center available at the tip of your finger to guide you through each process . I had Paint shop Pro 7 and loved it but this version is much better for a novice and has so many easy features and one step adjustments .
 I own both PSP XI and Adobe Photoshop CS . I paid 700.00 for Adobe and about 80.00 for PSP XI . I really like PSP for editing my photos and creating slides . It has a lot a great features that are MUCH easier and faster to perform in PSP than they are in Adobe PS . It is a little buggy in that it does shut itself down every now and then , but it opens right back up . I am a software application manager and developer and I can tell you NO software comes without bugs . The ones I have found here are not enough to keep me from loving this program.For the money , it is a great buy . I am sure Corel will have a patch for the shut down problem soon , as long as users report the problem.Bottom Line
 This is my 5th version of Paint Shop Pro and this version is the best ! I have been using Paint Shop Pro Photo XI for about one month now and do not understand the negative reviews of this program . I have n't had any problems at all ! The times I have had to use Corel 's support in the past they have helped fairly quickly and efficiently . I have n't had any problems at all working with large files . No freezing up , no slow processing.I understand some are still upset over the loss of Jasc , but Corel , IMO , is doing a great job with the software that Jasc so strongly stood behind.My main hobby is photo restoration and Paint Shop Pro has met my never-ending needs each time I use it.This newest version includes some new fun tools.The Time Machine gives a very cool effect to photos , realistically transforming them back in time with just one click.The new Organizer is invaluable . You can view , organize and even e-mail right from the application . No need to open up another program . You can also view video clips from your digital camera!The color changer tool works very well . It just takes a little practice . The results are so much better than having to carefully select the object , then floodfill THEN lower the opacity so the texture shows through . Very handy.All in all this is an excellent release from Corel . I highly recommend the upgrade . If you are a previous owner and if you are a beginner , you wo n't find a better image editor at this price ! The Learning center makes learning the program easy . The tools are smart and powerful enough for the more experienced.It rivals the powerful Adobe Photoshop at hundreds of dollars less . You really ca n't go wrong.Don ' t let a few disgruntled people steer you away from a great program . You wo n't find better.Sincerely , Laura Hawkins
 Like many other long term hobby digital photo fans I have used Paint Shop Pro for more than 10 years from version 4 . It has always been a frustration that the programme was written for creating paint type graphics and photos were almost an add on . As Digital photography became more and more a real option the earlier versions of Paint Shop Pro became more of a frustration and I tried everything else . At last Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo feels like it was written for photo editing . It is easy to use with all the assistance a beginner could want , but dig deeper and it will go wherever you want to go , and more . I 'm sad to see Paint Shop Album almost redundant , but it is great to have the organiser on tap . It runs on a less than optimal computer system unlike others that are too large and slow for many of us to consider .
 My 11 year old needed to clip images from the web and modify them and paste them together for a school project . We downloaded PSPP 11 for the 30 day trial , and I completely left her alone to figure it out . She was up and running without any help literally in minutes and loving the ease of use of this product . The end result was astoundingly professional . I was completely surprised , and proud of her creativity.Now she wants a permanent copy of PSPP 11 for Christmas , so she can clean up digital photos and add them to her web pages and blogs -LRB- she 's really into it -RRB- . Thanks , Corel for a product that 's easy to use , fully featured , and affordable .
 This photo editing software package is unreal . It has more features and functions than you can shake a stick at . Right out of the box I began some serious photo editing and got outstanding results . Beats any other software in it 's price range . I have yet to read the manual or instructions as it intuitive . Two things - do n't even bother with the free version of Snapfire , which is included . It is redundant with Pro Photo and rather simplistic without much value . It is included as a teaser to get you to spend more money with Corel by way of an upgraded version . And unfortunately the software is NOT well behaved and crashes to frequently . If it were not for this stability issue I would have given it a -LRB- 5 -RRB- star rating . Corel - nice job but get it working better !
 Before purchasing this product I did the trial of Photoshop for 30 days and then the trial of this one . Paint Shop Pro -LRB- PSP -RRB- won hands down ! While they both have similar features , the learning curve on Photoshop is ridiculous ... PSP is so intuitive , you can figure out most of the features on your won , but the help feature is great ... side by side help as you click through the menus and buttons . I was impressed ! The red-eye fix is excellent and flexible , with ability to change to pet eye , different eye colors , WOW , there is just so much and all ready to use out of the box without any complicated aftermarket manuals needed . I have restored some antique photos with very impressive results . So far I have not had the instability issues that others cite , but my PC is heavy on the graphics capability and memory , perhaps that helps .
 This is great product for beginners and advanced persons . The features are nice and easy to use . Some of the special effects on it take a little time to learn to use .
 Great product . I would rate it higher but I am disappointed with the documentation/users manual . It can be difficult to learn on your own .
 This is the easiest photo editing program i have used yet for the money .
 I bought this for my wife and she thinks it is great
 This is an amazing program for the money . Almost as good as Photoshop at a fraction of the price . I 'm running it on a Windows 8 64 bit system -LRB- the Final Preview version -RRB- and it is fast and rock solid . No crashes . This program is not 64 bit but runs on a 64 bit system in 32 bit mode.Perfect for beginners with all of its filters and effects . Can auto clean up all kinds of damaged or noisy photos . It has layers with transparency and raster or vector styles . Layers can be merged , and changed position in the queue . Saves to almost any format , imports everything.For $ 10 ? Very nice .
 IT IS A GREAT SOFT FOR CREATIVE PEOPLE . It has a lot of tutorials . Easy to learn and operate . Sum operations are slow , but it does not prevent of creating beautiful images .
 This transaction was excellent . I received what I ordered , in good condition , and speedilyu
 I purchased this program specifically to pick images from two different photos and place them on a third picture as a background.It worked great . For the most part this is a relatively easy program to use and it can do big tricks ... I like it , would recommend it .
 This is a simple and easy to use photo editing program . This is my thrid version of Paint Shop I have used and the best version yet to be released . Would recomend this to someone who wants a simple photo editor .
 We had Paint Shop Pro 7 and thought nothing could be better , we was WRONG . The order and Delivery was great
 I upgraded to PSP XI for the sole reason that I got a new system with Vista and PSP X does n't work with Vista . I was otherwise totally satisfied with PSP X , so this review is geared towards PSP in general as opposed to specifically for PSP XI and is mostly for those deciding between PSP and Adobe Photoshop.I have been using PSP for the past year and I have to say that I am very impressed with what you can do with it in layers , effects , blending , lighting , shadows , etc. etc. . So far , I have n't found anything that you can do in Adobe Photoshop that you ca n't do in Paintshop for a heck of a lot less money . PSP = $ 80 , Adobe Photoshop = $ 200 . You do the math . I only have Adobe Photoshop because my company paid for it.The user interface for PSP takes some learning , but it is no worse than Adobe Photoshop . It might be because I learned PSP first and got used to the interface , but I have a hard time with the Adobe interface and use PSP 95 % of the time . I only go to Adobe Photoshop if I have no choice for some reason . PSP XI has the same interface and feature layout as PSP X so migrating was a no-brainer and I did n't have to re-learn the tool which was great.The other thing I like is that PSP supports and converts between a zillion different graphics formats -LRB- some I 've never even heard of -RRB- including Adobe PSD . Some of my friends use Photoshop so I import their PSD files , do my stuff in PSP and then save it back as PSD.If you are a professional graphic artist or web designer , you probably should get Adobe Photoshop solely for the reason that it is the industry standard and everybody there uses it . I have both and really feel that Adobe Photoshop is not better , it 's just become a standard like the QWERTY keyboard . If you are like me and are not a pro but want to be able to do great photo/bitmap editing and effects without shelling out $ 200 for Adobe Photoshop , then PSP is for you . You can still save/export your pspimage files to psd if you need to.So , the long and short of it is this
 I 've been using PaintShop since version 9 which coincided with my serious interest in digital photography and photo editing . I originally chose the program because 1 -RRB- A friend , a professional photographer , was using it as his mainstream toolbox and 2 -RRB- because it was a wonderful value.I 'll freely admit that I 'm still learning to use the power that PaintShop offers but am thrilled with an apparent speed increase -LRB- on my hardware platform -RRB- in processing editing commands . The new Time machine set of effects are wonderful as is the depth of field edjustment . Having worked in the PC field for 30 years now I rather enjoyed the way Corel has handled the browser , too.During the time I 've used the product I 've had just a couple of instances that required tech support and must say that the folks answsering the phones have been just fine . The same is true for all the Corel products that I use WordPerfect Office , Snapfire Plus and CorelDraw . Fine products which are admirably supported.Before I began this review , I took the time to have a look at pre-existing reviews and must say that I am frankly quite puzzled at the vehemence with which a couple of reviewers attacked Pro Photo -LRB- one of them twice -RRB- . It has proven to be a fine , affordable and extremely easy to use program that also offers the `` leg room '' for growth to the user.Bravo , Corel !!
 Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 has been described by experts to be very close to Adobe 's Photoshop CS in functionality , yet it costs hundreds less . Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 is also much easier to learn than Photoshop , while including a ton of customizable editing firepower . PC World magazine says Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 is easier to use than Photoshop , with an excellent red-eye removal tool and good background manipulation features . Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 allows the user to work with multiple layers of the photo -- this feature is common in better software , but not seen as often in less-robust software . Experts say it is easy to grow into Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 once you master the basics , as you are not confined to the wizard system for editing photos . While some software forces you to work only with a wizard -LRB- which takes you through a process , step by step -RRB- , Corel lets more adept users stray away from the handholding of a task wizard.Anyone with an interest in digital photography and digital images will want to give serious consideration to this latest version of Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 . In version 11 , Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 continues to impress with all its many , many features that are packaged in this very reasonably priced program . Customers who own an older version of Paint Shop Pro will also want to upgrade to this new version . Students learning digital image editing also can use Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 to begin learning the many things that can be done today with computer images.The Corel Corporation now owns Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 and long time customers of WordPerfect and Paint Shop Pro will be delighted to learn that Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 continues under the arm of Corel.With this latest version 11 , Paint Shop Pro continues to impress with its extensive array of useful features that are all nicely designed in a very user-friendly design and priced very reasonably . While Adobe 's Photoshop CS may continue to dominate the high-end , technical level of digital image editing , Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 now combines more powerful features than ever and is certainly much less costly than Photoshop CS . Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 has become a `` heavyweight '' in the digital image editing software market , and will definitely appeal to all customers who use an older version , as well as serve as an excellent entry-level program for those new to digital image editing . Once customers become accustomed to the power and functionality in Paint Shop Pro Photo 11 , I suspect most will be hard pressed to move to any other digital image program for any reason .
 Been using Pro for years , have it or some version on 3 of our 4 computers.Pro does what we need to do when not involved in large projects.If I suspect that things could be better , then I bring up Pro on one screen and PhotoShop Elements on the other and manipulate the photos on each . Usually it 's a wash -LRB- tie -RRB- .
 I 've been a Paint Shop Pro user since V5 and I 've upgraded with each version released . Each version has gotten better and better and I 've expanded my use of tools and functions that are provided . It 's a very user friendly program and did n't give me half the learning curve issues as Adobe products did.I am a scrapbooker and print my photos at home for framing and scrapbooking and I was very pleased with PSPX when it was released . It allowed me to crop and edit photos with the Crop Tool so that I did n't lose the quality of the photo . I could also create Computer Generated layouts without the program freezing on me because of the larger files.I 'm SO impressed with the capabilities of Version XI . The photo editing choices are endless , from the Time Line aging process to basics like sepia and black & white . The filter options are a nice addition for those of us that do n't have filters for lenses . This version is great for point and shoot photographers , including a depty of field option that is easy to use and manipulate - one of my personal favorites so far even when using manual settings on my camera.Overall , I 'm extremely pleased with Version XI and I 'm really looking forward to learning and increasing my knowledge the more that I use it.Signed , Happy in Canada
 I 've used other similarly priced imaging software prior to purchasing the Corel product . Paint Shop Pro Photo XI has a greater number of features I was looking for at a reasonable price . Some of the features take a bit of practice and perhaps some trial and error , but the end result is usually a photograph that anyone would be proud of . As an amateur and hobbyist , I am thus far satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this software to others .
 I am very satisfied with the program !!! I had this program before and lost it . I was very happy I could find the exact thing I had before . Thank you very much !!!!
 This older version of Paint Shop Pro is really a fun program and easy to work with . Good for correcting , emphasizing , and perfect for the creative imagination .
 This program is not Photoshop , and any discussion comparing the two is a waste of time . However , Paintshop Pro is powerful and easy to use . I have used it in conjunction with Adobe Illustrator since version 7 of PSP . To suggest that the latest PSP version is any glitchier than older PSP versions is simply not accurate . Paintshop Pro version 8 was a mess , something that Jasc freely conceded -- they offered me a free upgrade to version 9 as a result . I have chosen Paintshop Pro over Photoshop because it is a tremendously functional program and a good deal cheaper than Photoshop -LRB- about 1/5 the price -RRB- . I am a professional -LRB- having worked as a graphic artist and photographer -RRB- and can tell you that nothing can be had for such a low price that funtions so well . All new software is glitchy , and in time PSP XI will be rendered more-or-less glitch-free .
 I 'm a full-time photographer . I 've used Photoshop 7 for years and never even touched the capabilities it has and I just could n't justify spending hundreds of dollars to learn it . When reading reviews on PSP , and reading it 's capabilities , I decided to try it . It exceeded my expectations ! The ease of `` one click '' fixes and effects is second to none . I will say this , though , the `` one-click '' fixes are n't perfect but , in my case of only needing them to make the proofs look pretty good before doing any major adjusting , it works tons better than PS7 . Is there a learning curve ? Of course . As with any good program , to get the full benefits , there are learning curves . The MAJOR thing I like about PSP is the step-by-step help they have by clicking the `` Help '' button . Anything you want to do , and the program is capable of doing , will be spelled out in easy-to-understand terms . Would I recommend this program ? If you 're a serious photographer and want easy `` quick fixes '' as well as having complete control for major fixes , this would be the program for you . If you 're just a weekend family shooter , I 'm sure there are less expensive programs that would do you just fine . M. Miller
 I am semi-professional photographer and have been using Adobe Photoshop Elements 2 and then 3 for the last couple of years . . I was about to upgrade to Elements 5 when I read about Paint Shop Pro XI Photo and decided to switch and I am glad I did . PSPXI offers a lot more features than Elements and is more user friendly . I love getting special effects with one click of a button like the Glamor effect or any other film effects available . It looks like I am getting more things done in less time . Give it a try and download the trial version and see it for yourself . You might want to switch , too .
 Like many of the reviewers , I have been a fan of Paint Shop Pro since it was a shareware alternative to Photoshop -LRB- PSP 3.0 actually -RRB- . Paint Shop Pro was improving by leaps and bounds with each release , until PSP 9 and X. Youch ! I do n't know what happened , maybe JASC was trying to impress Corel somehow by making it slower in version 9 and Corel just took it and ran with it on X. Thankfully , Corel has really fixed things for PSP Photo XI.Corel PSP Photo XI adds a lot of cool features , including Film and Filter effects which are awesome . It also fixes some buggy behavior and cleans up some half-baked UI problems from PSP X . It also has an automatic update feature to get the latest fixes as they are released . The crashing from the other reviews has already been fixed , btw.If you are looking for sheer speed , however , you may be a bit disappointed . For this reason , I have not uninstalled PSP 8 , which I think was the best , and fastest pre-RAW version of PSP . I use Canon RAW format for my photography , so I really appreciate that feature in PSP X and PSP Photo XI.I think that , for a pro-amateur photographer who shoots more than just JPG and wants to get the best photo possible , this is the best version of PSP , yet .
 I have been a user of Paint Shop Pro since Version 7 . Paint Shop Pro Photo X1 has so many new features . I use my Paint Shop Pro XI for making graphics but I also use it for scrapbooking purposes . I love that Corel has a learning center right in the working area . If you do n't know something you can see how to use without going into the help menu . It is right in front of you . This makes it easy for someone new to Paint Shop . What it does for Photos is really great . The new editing tools are so easy to use and they make your photos look just great . I love the Skin Smoothing in the retouching tools . I am not young and when I had a close up of my face it looked horrid . When I used the Skin Smoothing adjustment my close-up looked great . I am not afraid of close-up photos no more because I can fix it up . Paint Shop Pro XI is great for touching up photos it is so easy and not complicated . The Time Machine effect is great . There are so many things you can do with your photos with this program . It is easy to learn and it wo n't cost you a lot of money . I always felt I got my money 's worth with Paint Shop Pro . It just keeps getting better and better . I am more than please with this version . I would recommend Paint Shop Pro XI to anyone that wants a good program for their photos and making graphics .
 I have just recently begun getting into photography and editing my photos . I bought this program as a recommondation from a friend . I 've never used any photo editing software before and I think this program is great ! I 've been using it for a little over a month now and am very happy with how easy the program is to use and how much I 'm able to do as a beginner . There are so many features to still learn , it will take me a long time to learn all that PSP has to offer.I had no problem loading the program onto our computer and it has n't crashed once .
 PSP XI continues the PSP tradition of offering a very powerful image processing package at the lowest cost per package of any of its ilk in the market . I started with PSP III , and it keeps getting better . Somewhere along the way , I did go over to the dark side and acquire Photoshop -LRB- at quite a difference in cost -RRB- and it 's also a great package . But , from a cost effective and user friendly point of view , PSP is the one !
 I was an assistant animator on this at Wild Brain.What a blast to draw these Star Wars characters.It 's pretty silly music , so adults may get a kick out of this while appreciating some nice , cartoony art .
 This game includes a very good graphic and also the sound is fantastic . The Singleplayermode is exciting and the Multiplayer rocks . If you start the Singleplayermode , you will recognise that you play Kyle Katarn again , just like in the previous part . In the first part of Jedi Knight , Jason Court was the actor and in Jedi Knight 2 , Kyle looks like the real Jason Court . If you guys start the Multiplayermode , I give you a little tip
 `` Jedi Knight
 I bought this product to try and learn Swedish on my own and it really is everything they say it is and more . The amount of actual Swedish language in the program you can learn is so large that it would take a great deal of time to learn it all . There are tons of conversation practices to learn from and even Interactive Video Conversations which through video , audio , and a microphone you can simulate a conversation with native speakers . To practice vocabulary and other aspects of Swedish language there are many games provided in the software . This software is really versatile because it is good for all skill levels and purposes -LRB- work , travel , education , ect . -RRB- . I give my utmost recomendation to use this software for learning Swedish .
 I love this product . I tried some other products but I have n't found anything better than this . The games and coversation practices are really fun and there is just so much to learn with this . If you want to learn Swedish -LRB- or any other language -RRB- try this . Overall , this product is really good and I would advise anyone who doubts this to try it .
 Hi I was an exchange student from the USA who went to Sweeden and was prepared for my trip because of this program . Before going to Sweeden I was able to learn a good amount of the Swedish language with Swedish Now which kept me from being left in the dark . While in Sweeden this program provided great review and practice so my language skills could improve and sound well . If you are intrested in learning a new language I would give this a try . It works well and I really enjoyed the interactive learning this program provided through games and other media . Being able to hear the words made my pronunciation much better and clearer . I was able to expand my vocabulary because of the sizeable content in the program . My experience with Swedish Now is nothing but good .
 I bought this language course 2 weeks ago -LRB- actually from Transparent 's website because they gave a big discount -RRB- . When I first looked at the course I was a little disappointed . It only has 4 texts . However after working with it I realized that the texts are really long and it will take quite a while to go through them all . What I really love about this product are the activities . They 're so much fun . Crosswords , finding missing words in a sentence , unscrambling sentences , and lots more . I enjoy it a lot and noticed that I 've learned quite a bit of Swedish already , just by playing these activities.I guess you have to get used to the kind of learning approach this software offers . They do n't take you by the hand and lead you on a given path , you have to motivate yourself and find your way around .9 / 13/2007
 Swedish Now is an incredible piece of software . This is a really good way to learn a language and this software takes advantage of everything technology has to offer in regards to language learning . It uses video , has extremely detailed audio features -LRB- you can listen to every Swedish word in the program -RRB- , and uses voice analysis technology to help correct your pronunciation . When you get bored learning or feel you need to practice the Swedish you know before moving on there are some really fun and intresting games to help you practice . My impressions of Swedish Now is that it is well worth the buy and it will help you learn to speak Swedish .
 Its been a blast getting to play this game for the first time in over a decade . Brings back memories . But , be warned - I will not work on any OS newer than windows 98 . Even in compatibility mode . That being said , it is an old game . You can get a virtual machine to run it decently.The game itself came in great quality . Disk was in great shape .
 Recently I decided to take an exchange student from Portugal into my home and thought it would be more friendly to learn some Portuguese so I could talk to him in his native language . I ended up buying Portuguese Now to help me learn the language and I was surprised at how good it really worked . I was able to really work on the fundamentals of learning a language through various games , practice conversations , videos and more . One of the most intresting features I found was a Pronunciation Meter that measures your pronunciation versus a native speaker 's . This product worked well for me and it was definitely worth the purchase .
 Recently I traveled to Portugal for a vacation and wanted to be able to converse some in Portuguese . I bought this program to do so and found it to be very good . I learned a great deal of Portuguese in a short period of time with this software . The conversation practices were my favorite part because I was able to learn many phrases and things to say in various different situations such as ordering dinner at a restuarant or asking for directions -LRB- this was very useful on my trip -RRB- . I also really liked the video and audio features which were superb in every way . Even though I only used this for travel I learned way more than I thought I would so I would recomend this program for any reason - work , travel , education , ect .
 Portuguese NOW is an effective way to engage in learning Portuguese . All of the features work well together to improve the many aspects of learning a new language . Overall , I just ca n't find a way to express how good this program really is for learning Portuguese .
 Portuguese Now will help you achieve fluency in Portguese . I was very happy and impressed with this software and I am really considering looking at some of Transparent Language 's other language products . Portuguese Now deserves the 5-star rating for the following reasons
 I spoke several foreign languages -LRB- Spanish , Italian , German -RRB- before picking up Polish Now and I must say this is a great way to learn a new language . Every other language I learned was in a classroom setting but Polish Now changed this . Everything I needed was in one program and it was very sucessful at teaching the basics . The games and other activities provided for hours upon hours of needed practice . The amount of practice and learning that can be done through this program is immense and very interactive . I was able to learn the basics of Polish and many situational phrases very easily . From there the program lead me into the more advanced areas of learning the Polish Language and did so quite sucessfully . I would recomend this program to anyone who wanted to try and learn another language .
 This software teaches Polish really well . I really enjoyed all the review/practice games . The audio and video features are superb . This product is excellent at what it does and I love it . My recomendation is to look here to start learning Polish .
 I was extremely impressed with what Polish Now had to offer in the means of content . Thousands of useful vocabulary and phrases which are taught through many ways such as games , dictation ect . I really liked the feature that allows you to slow the speaking of a word down so you can really hear the correct pronunciation well . The grammar tutorial that is included is very helpful . To me it seems like Transparent Language covered every aspect needed to learn and advance my ability to speak Polish . This program also makes great use of video and audio to help forward your learning . When all is said and done this software is well worth the buy .
 This product by Transparent Language excels in teaching Polish . I would recomend this program for many reasons . First of all they use many methods to teach such as games , conversation practices , and reading/speaking in Polish , ect . Secondly , they give you the tools to learn the basics of Polish such as a Grammar tutorial , alphabet reference , word dictation , ect . Another thing about Polish Now that I really appreciated was the vast amount of content -LRB- meaning language -RRB- that was in the final product . There were practice conversations for many situations and you could hear every Polish word said in the program . Finally , the depth of the program 's features are truely amazing . It goes as far as allowing you to compare your pronunciation of words to the pronunciation of a native speaker 's words . Transparent Language did an excellent job with this product and I highly recomend it to anyone looking to learn Polish .
 I was recently hired to work for a Dutch-owned business . Their English is very good ; my Dutch was non-existent . While it was n't required that I speak Dutch , I often find technical articles in our joint database that look as if they could be useful . I could have them translated by the other employees , but it would be nice to sort through them myself . It would also be polite to be able to say a few words in their native language.I looked on the internet for Dutch translation/language packages and found very few . Several were much too expensive to be useful . Then I found Transparent Language 's Learn Dutch Now ! It 's a life-saver ! The price was was great and it arrived promptly.Now I am really enjoying the variety of learning methods such as videos , exciting games and intriguing stories . I particularly like the Vocabulous and the Pronunciation Feedback and Analysis feature . Dutch is very difficult to pronounce and this feature really helps with rolling `` r `` s. I recommend this to everyone .
 Hello I 'm a teacher of the Dutch Language on the college level in the USA . Dutch Now is an incredible program . I 've been using it to help teach my students and they seem to appreciate the usefulness of it . Dutch Now has significantly improved my students pronunciation and listening skills through the audio features -LRB- such as Full Native Speaker Pronunciation -RRB- . It has expanded their vocabularies through games like Vocabulous and just in general has helped to improve their language skills . Dutch Now has many features that provide for great practice and review . I would highly recomend this program if you wanted to learn or needed help learning Dutch .
 I bought this program to learn Dutch because my ancestors were from the Netherlands so I had a general intrest in learing the language . To my surprise this program exceeded my expectations ten fold and has helped me on my way to learning the Dutch Language . Dutch Now teaches all the necessary skills to learning a language - Listening , Speaking , Reading & Writing , Vocabulary & Grammar . It does each of these in multiple ways which all seem to be effective . I really appreciated the conversation practices which are available for many different situations making this feature very useful for travel at the least . Technology wise this program makes good use of it with Advanced Speech Analysis and full motion video . Dutch Now most definitely deserves the 5 star rating .
 I like this CD Learn Dutch Now it 's helping me to remember mynative language . Thank you for writting it . Regards Aleida Ray
 I was able to learn Arabic with this program on my own time . Being a businessmen who travels to the Middle East quite often , learning to speak Arabic was a useful skill . From the start I was able to establish the basics and then move on to more difficult aspects . Arabic Now is a very interactive method to learning Arabic . I was able to have practice conversations which improved my speaking skills drastically . This program features pronunciation tests/meters that allow you to see if you are pronuncing the words right . The games are good practice and really add to the learning experience . I really liked this program and think it works well if you are looking to learn Arabic .
 This is a good product for language learning . I used Arabic Now as a supplement for an Arabic class but ended up learning more with the software than in class . It has all the content to either start as a beginner or at more advanced levels but either way it has a lot to offer . The list of features is huge with such things as a Grammar Tutorial , Pronunciation Analysis , tons of games , conversation practice , useful phrases , and too much more to list . I recomend Arabic Now because it worked for me and is very well done .
 I just received this item in the mail recently and already I 'm impressed . However , I would like to offer a couple of warnings to beginner Arabic learners :1 . First , do NOT buy this AND the `` LINGUAPHONE Arabic InAction V2 '' CD-ROM because they are the same product . The only difference between the two is that `` Learn Arabic Now '' has two additional catagories/lessons a few more games , and 5,000 additional Arabic words that can be learned . `` Linguaphone V2 '' seems to be the condensed/abridged version of `` Learn Arabic Now '' because the graphics and program set-up are identical .2 . Purchase Nicholas Awde 's `` THE ARABIC ALPHABET
 I ca n't get enough of this stuff it is too good to be true . I thought it would be much harder to teach myself a new language than it would be to take a class but I found this software program and it works very well . I 've been able to learn so much from this and there is just so much more I have n't even touched upon yet . In my opinion , this is language software that really works so if you want to start speaking Arabic try it out .
 Arabic Now is a very good software when it comes to language learning . I was intrested in trying to learn a new language -LRB- s -RRB- and decided to try a different approach other than taking classes and I am very glad I tried this out . Arabic Now might seem a bit imposing at first but that is only because it has so much to offer . Most other language software out there lacks some crucial feature or aspect of the language but this program seems to cover everything from grammar to vocabulary to pronunciation to reading/writing and listening skills . With all this exposure to Arabic my ability to use the language increased rapidly and I was very satisfied with the results . Arabic Now is a great way to teach yourself Arabic !!!
 Finding this program was like finding a four leaf clover . Previously , I had tried audiotapes , books , ect . but I learned more from this product in a few nights than from weeks of study with other products . Irish Now concentrates on four areas of language skills , Listening , Speaking , Reading & Writing , and Vocabulary & Grammar . The audio features are so incredible that you can check to see if you are pronouncing words correctly . The videos make it possible to follow a conversational dialogue with scenes which help in understanding the context . I was able to gain a vast vocabulary through the games and large amounts of content . I would suggest anyone try Irish Now if you are trying to learn Gaelic .
 I wish I had found this sooner . This product is great , it works exactly how it is supposed to . I bought this to obviously learn Gaelic and found that it was very good . It really helped me to develop my language skills in many ways . I found several features that really helped me work with my pronunciation . The audio features are so good that you can hear every word said by a native speaker of Gaelic . For practicing there are a bunch of games that you can play that are really good practice . My favorite feature was the conversation practice because there are so many of them for different situations and I found them quite useful also . All in all , this is a great program for language learning .
 I love this product . I really enjoy learning Irish Gaelic through it because it has so much to offer . The games are great , the audio features are so amazing and it is just a well done product in general . I would highly recomend this to anyone looking to learn Irish Gaelic .
 This program is great ! I had been looking for Gaelic language learning software for some time before I had found this and I am very happy I did . This software has so much to offer for learning Gaelic . I really appreciated the extra online features that expand and support your learning , Transparent Language really goes the extra mile by offering this . Irish Now immerses you into the language with conversation practices that feature video and audio plus you actually speak back with a microphone for the software to analyze your answers . To me this means I can experience an element of realism that makes me almost feel like I 'm holding a conversation with someone in Gaelic . The software contains a tremendous amount of the Gaelic Language to learn in many different ways , which will keep you busy for some time . Overall , I could n't be more happy with this purchase .
 It 's not bad at all ; the new game , Graffiti , is quite addictive.It 's not intended to begin from the scratch , but is a good method to go further , if you have just the basis ; it 's a pity there 's no division in units .
 When first learning Gaelic , I 've used this program alone , without outside resources , except for an English-Irish Dictionary.Without even working through the entire program , I was conversational with native speakers -LRB- from Ireland -RRB- and could communicate the basics . My pronounciation was very good -LRB- due to this `` Irish Now '' program -RRB- and native speakers noted that I did not have the usual `` foreign '' accent when I spoke Gaelic . However , I was told that I was talking like someone 's grandmother . So if you are concerned about sounding current , I suggest supplemental material , such as `` Colloquial Irish '' or other such resources.This program has a lot of good qualities . The biggest compliments I got after using this program were for knowing rare or unusual words and for my pronounciation and accent . There are many learning methods included in this program including video/audio conversations , crosswords , games , pronounciation practice , reading samples -LRB- including excepts from `` Angela 's Ashes '' in the version I have -RRB- . There is also a HUGE file of grammar . When I printed it out it was several hundred pages long and included simple and advanced grammatical explanations . If I had not used the Grammar Pro that came with Irish Now , then I would not have been able to grasp declension as quickly as I did . I do not remember if the Grammar Pro comes standard or if I got it as a bonus . I first began studying Gaelic several years ago , and this program is what gave me my start .
 Pinnacle Instant CD+DVD is by far one of the best programs I have ever used . Nero is also very good . Pinnacle Instant CD+DVD is very informative while you are burning a CD . Much more informative than Nero or Easy CD Creator . The graphical interface is very similar to that of Easy CD Creator 's , this one , is much better though . This Program Easily allows you to burn Data and Audio CD 's , DVD 's , and just about anything else you can think of . If you are looking for a good Burning Program , look no further than Pinnacle Instant CD+DVD .
 Instant CD/DVD includes a very good suite of tools for burning CDs and DVDs . It includes all the features found in `` Instant Copy , '' which allows you to copy DVDs , even fitting a 9GB DVD onto a regular CD-R or CD+R disc . In addition , Pinnacle throws in tools to capture videos and burn homemovie DVDs and also rip and burn CD music . Usually these tools are not worth the extra you 'd pay , but the rebate makes this a very good deal.The only downside is Instant CD/DVD is slower than the DVD burning program that came with my burner . But , truth is , since burning DVDs usually takes tons of time anyway , whether it 's 15 hours or 16 hours does n't really make a difference to me , hence I still give Instant CD/DVD 5 stars for bringing all your burning needs together nicely.Since it worked out-of-box on my WinXP laptop , I have no contact with tech support so ca n't comment on that . My tip for successful burning is
 This is truly a great program . It has all the features of other CD/DVD burning programs and more . Instant write allows you to access the CD/DVD as a HD/floppy but unlike others it allows you to make it accessible on any computer by `` closing '' it . There is also a single virtual CD drive that is created . The package also includes `` Expression '' program , which is like a Studio 8 Lite -LRB- I actually think it may be better -RRB- . And of course `` Instant Copy '' which is sold as a stand-alone program for coping DVDs . The interface is very clean and informative . And with a huge rebate it is very cheap - really to cheap for how much it offers .
 I made sure I did NOT install Instant Drive -LRB- for that matter , I did not install Virtual Drive or the Music stuff -RRB- . This left only enough drivers to copy CDs and DVD , and to make Data / Video / Music CDs and DVDs . it has worked well for 2 wks now.One quirk , the dang thing does n't Verify its recordings . I 'm thinking it 's a bug in the sw because it keeps coming back with a bad sector number that is the same no matter which data DVD I write , yet the DVD reads OK . It 's just annoying that I ca n't get verification of the write op.In spite of that , I 'll buy more copies of this pkg for some PCs at work . / Vic
 I understand the complaints of the previous reviewers . I could not get this program to run on the PowerMac and it also had a lot of problems when I ran it on the iMac while networked to the PowerMac . But once the iMac stood alone , I only had minor problems with this program . It is a big memory hog.It 's a really super program if you can get it to run . I 'd pay special attention to the system requirements before buying.There are 12 different activities which teach your child all kinds of things . It 's great for pretend role play also . Pump gas , serve customers in a deli , build a house , get a ship ready for sea , etc.It 's too bad this title has compatibility problems with so many systems , because it really is a beautifully done program .
 The Busy Town CD-ROM is educational and fun . There are a lot of different activities and for a 3-4 year-old to play with on his own . But you do have to have a fast computer . One of our computers was too slow and it was impossible to play the program on it . Our other computer was fast enough . We had problems getting into the gas station game . I sent an email to technical support and received a message explaining how to copy a file from the CD-ROM to my hard drive and now it works great ! We are very satisfied with it . It was definitely worth the price .
 I started with Busytown Software back in 1995 with our first son when it ran on DOS and barely on Win95 . The program worked well . After reading about BT 2000 , I was reluctant to buy it . I did buy it this past week , had the same problem with the gas station and within 24 hours , SSI Tech support emailed the file to copy from the CD to the Hard Drive . About a 30 second fix and the game functions flawlessly . If your child loves Richard Scarry books and videos , this is a must have to compliment what they read and view to give them hands on interaction that is unlike any other application that I have seen . My first son is now almost 7 and is teaching his 3 year old brother how to play the game .
 This game worked fine on my computer running Windows XP . The &#34; gas station &#34; area does n't work , but it never worked right even with our original CD years ago . It has so many other areas to play and so many learning activities that the CD is well worth it anyway . My older kids had loved it , and now my new little ones are able to enjoy it . The activities are educational , but subtle about it , e.g. , the fireman tells the function of the equipment , but the child is busy placing the item on the truck , so it does n't seem &#34; teachy &#34; .
 I bought this game for my two kids -LRB- ages 5 and 7 -RRB- and they love it !!! It 's very cute ! My girls just loved the hamsters Frankie and Bean !! The game is geared toward kids and easy to get around !! One of their favorites activites is playing Velly Balls ! There 's fun and interactive stuff everywhere throughout the game . It 's a great deal for the money and really creative . My girls just had lots of fun and really love this game !!
 I struggled with ARCMAP because is powerful but also because it so hard to use . This program is so easy and makes a profession map . I can now make a detailed map and print in under 20 minutes . The same map in ARCMAP took me 8 hours . Buy it you will not regret it .
 Very useful and helpful product . Probably beats anything else out there.It does require some dedication and should be repeated at least once .
 Video Professor has been very helpful . Makes it very easy to get around windows . Good buy .
 i have bought alot of these professer teaches cd 's and they are well worth it . They are interactive on the computer and I like the way it works .
 I love learning and these cd 's are a great help for the beginner learner as well as someone trying to refresh old ideas . Highly recommend .
 Maptech 's Terrain Navigator Pro has got to be the best of it 's type . It 's on the upper end of recreational map software , and on the bottom end of mapping software . I used it for four years in a cooperative project with the USFS and the data collected was easily transferred to the program and it was easy to import from the `` cheap '' TNP program to the USFS ESRI program.I am not familiar with other makes of newer similar software -LRB- Nat'l Geographic , Garmin , etc. -RRB- , but from what I have seen in the past , TNP is way ahead of them .
 Your ability to use this software may depend on your soundcard . The previous reviewer does not say what card is in his system . I have an earlier version of this product . When first installed , it worked perfectly . Then my card -LRB- Soundblaster Live -RRB- died , and I replaced it with a generic cheap card , at which point Audio Cleaning Lab and various other programs either locked up or otherwise failed to work . I replaced the no-name card with an Audigy and everything works again , including Audio Cleaning Lab . I 'm not trying to sell Creative products , but not all sound cards have truly Soundblaster compliant drivers . Maybe Magix need to test more widely than they do , but when it does work , ACL is very useful .
 At last , an affordable `` Mastering Studio On The PC '' package!My experiences so far have been very good for the most part , being able to clean up old cassette recordings and such from my archives has been a huge blessing . I like the Spectral Cleaning option that , with some practice , allows one to eliminate specific noises -LRB- like clicks , static and other sonic pests -RRB- . For someone new to this whole world of remastering and cleaning up old recordings , this package is a great tool with a lot of great features for the money and the analyzing wizards are useful for newbies . Getting the hang of this package is n't very hard at all and with time becomes progressively easier to fine tune and tweak to your liking.Not absolutely perfect but a darn good deal for the money .
 This is great software for editing albums to CD 's or live recording to CD 's . I have been able to clean the sound on 40 year old albums . Now I have no clicks , pop , s or surface noise . I have also used this product to record my band live and the next day have a CD to sell at our next gig .
 The main problem seems to be the MP3 encoder message for 20 uses . It 's really just Magix getting you to register . Once registered , they send you a code , you paste into the message window and MP3 conversion is now unlimited and there is no extra cost involved -LRB- on reinstall , just do the same -RRB- . Just read the instructions before going ballistics and badmouthing an excellent program . Audio Cleaning Lab is an awesome piece of software . It will capture , clean , edit , and burn flawlessly . Records streams or anything that plays on your system . I 've owned it for 3 years and have never had a hiccup and I use it extensively . I like oldies that are hard to find and not always the best quality streams - this program brings them to life as it does tapes and lps . It 's by far the best of breed , retail or free.I made the mistake of buying Roxio 's EMC9 -LRB- not for audio processing -RRB- . To test it , I recorded a stream of an album not DRM protected -LRB- which I do often -RRB- with EMC . When it was done , the EMC editor would n't open the . wav file it had created , not would Windows MP10 . I pulled the file into Magix , it said there was a file error , went ahead and fixed it , autodetected the 18 tracks perfectly , it played in Media Player . I tried EMC9 again and this time it opened the file , but detected 20 tracks -LRB- 2 in error -RRB- . Magix made it easy to list tracks , broke out and named single files for my library , burned a cd and converted everything to MP3 which will play on anything . It did all this in a very short time.I did find a flaw in the program . It just will not wash my windows or do dishes .
 The product works exactly as described . It 's easy to use , although the instructions could be stated more clearly . All my old vinyls will be on CD in the near future .
 This program does exactly what I need it to do , record from tapes , LP 's and off the internet . I 'm not an expert , so I do n't look to do any sound mixes or very complicated tasks . This version of Audio Cleaning will capture in MP3 , you just have to activate it , there 's no extra fee or anything that you have to pay extra for . There is some confusion on that aspect , but it 's included . You will need a splitter if you are going to record off the internet . You can import these files into Itunes and any other media player program you use , as well as burn CDs from the program itself . It takes practice to get the `` cleaning '' done correctly , but all the features are there and do a great job . I could n't do without it now .
 Product installed easily with minimal manual time . I particularily like the feature controlling access to the internet and general computer access seperately . This allows the kids to prepare a report without spending their `` valuable '' internet time.Only complaint is we have not yet received any reports from WebRoot regarding sites visited . After registering the product we received an acknowledgement of the registration but no reports .
 There are things that never go out of fashion -LRB- good manners for ex -RRB- , so I installed this SW in an old PC and it just shows that the guys who developed it got it right from the beginning -LRB- 15 years ago ? -RRB- the SW takes you through every step of the Bus Plan creation process , and does n't leave anything out . Excellent application even if you have to run it on a DOS emulator on your 64-bit Windows Vista or Windows 7 `` kick-butt '' PC .
 i bought this game for my 5 year old hes now 7 and still plays it its a win win situation kid gets his games and learn at the same time love it .
 I see that several people have had trouble running this with XP , but I had no trouble installing it or using it . My great-niece , who is almost 8 and my great-nephews , soon to be 10 , all enjoy using it . As a matter of fact , so do I. It 's a lot of fun and encourages their creativity . I do n't know why others may have had problems with it , but it works great for us .
 I have a brain illness and often I ca n't concentrate or remember things . It is n't demintia or Alzheimers , but sometimes it is frustrating to be an adult who simply ca n't follow through with my thoughts.I used both of this games to kind of kick-start some of my cognitive processes.They helped -- at least enough to tell you that I enjoyed them and was addicted to them . And I write this review two years later !
 My mom found this at a store , and ever since I 've been playing Zoombinis . The good thing about these games coming together is that you can separate them and give your children one now and save the other one for later . If you do n't want one of them , they come individually too . And I do n't know about anything bad . I 'm just nine years old .
 I am a contractor and have used QuickBooks for many years . I 've generally been satified with the program but I long ago became disallusioned with the company that makes it , Intuit . They are , in my opinion , far too avaricious , in that they ceaselessly look for ways to dip into my wallet . On the few occasions when I called to ask a relatively minor question , their first concern was to sell me a technical assistance plan , which is not cheap , and refused even to say whether they had the answer until I paid up . In recent years , their `` technical assistance '' has largely gone offshore , and is staffed by well-meaning but hopelessly inept people . By far the most glaring example of their avariciousness is their tendency to render older versions of Quckbooks obsolete insofar as subscribers to their payroll program are concerned . They sunsetted 2005 so that it will no longer accommodate newer payroll add-ons . I had to upgrade to 2006 or else do without the automated payroll feature . When will the axe drop again ? Who knows . Quickbooks is probably the best accounting software for a small business . It allows me to be a one-man office . Invoicing is very easy and quick , etc. . Payroll is just as easy and cost effective . Years ago I had to retain an accountant 's assistant to come to my office once a week to do the payroll and file 941s etc. . With Quickbooks I do it all in about an hour and save the $ 7k a year I used to pay the accountant to boot . So from that perspective Quickbooks is a blessing , but then again so is Peachtree and several other accounting software programs on the market . Quickbooks is still the best , but Inutit better watch out . Others programs like Peachtree are catching up fast . My best advice anyone who buys Quickbooks for the first time , is be very careful with the initial setup , especially in creating your chart of accounts . Get advice from your accoutant if possible . The last thing you want is to get 2 years down the road and find you made a mistake in the setup and now have to unravel it . And one mistake can skew any reports you generate with Quickbooks . A lot of the reviews I 've read are valid , some are outright spam , but the one-star reviews are usually from people who are not doing something right . Try it . You can always return it if you do n't like it .
 Quickbooks is a great accounting software for your business . Just keep in mind that if you have no experience with accounting software that there will probably be a big learning curve and you might want to invest in some of the manuals and guides before taking something like this on . If you are already running anything other than Peachtree then you are going to love this software .
 The Premier Edition of Quickbooks is worth every penny . If you assemble a product from inventory parts like I do , this is the edition to get . The main reason for using Quickbooks is that instead of feeding your paperwork to your accountant , you feed it to Quickbooks first . Beware , you need one of the many Quickbooks reference books such as Quickbooks for Dummies in addition to the small booklet that comes with the software unless you are extremely well versed in accounting . Also , if you make a sample company for practice , it is nearly impossible , if not impossible , to delete it unless you delete the entire program and reload it . This should n't be an issue , but everytime you open Quickbooks , you will see all the companies that have been created .
 Before using software for our firm , we were using AbacusLaw , the accountant recommended that we switch over to Quickbooks , and it has been the best and the smartest move that the firm did . It is user friendly , payroll and taxes are easy . Customer support is wonderful , helpful .
 I have been using Quickbooks for 15 years and can tell you that they have come a long way with many improvments over the years . I have helped many people with both business and personal record keeping get started with Quickbooks and have not hardly found one who did not say that they did n't realise how easy bookwork could be until they tried these products.I have started using Quickbooks Premier 2007 and can tell you that the Google search has been a lifesaver when it comes to finding past information . It is so much easier than searching through invoices or bills to find information that someone else needs from a month or a year ago . I will be recommending to everyone I talk to about bookkeeping that this is the best Quickbooks to buy.To the designers of Quickbooks , I say , `` Keep up the good work ! '' and `` Thanks '' . To all others I can only say try it you will not believe how easy it is to use .
 For the most part , this update is helpful . It still does not present a format for statements that , to my mind , works well in a church . There is confusion on the part of statement recipients when their statement reflects a negative balance due to paying in more than pledged or making donations without a pledge.Moving into a new program always presents challenges . I feel confident that , after a few more months , it will be more easily used . The support system works reasonably well .
 I 've been using QuickBooks since it was first published and have even helped Intuit with the software beta testing process to help provide suggestions and find bugs before the software is released to the general public . I am most definitely NOT an accountant and QuickBooks is the best software I have ever used to handle the books . It has saved me so much time over the years I ca n't even begin to estimate how much . Everything is organized like a business owner would , not by accouting terms that can be very confusing to those of us outside of that world . It can also handle just about any type of business . The integration with TurboTax is nice as well , I can do my business taxes -LRB- federal and state -RRB- in less than an hour total .
 I have been using QuickBooks since Version 5.0 for my business and started beta testing the product in 2002 . It has come a long way over the last 12 years and this latest product is the best one yet . Being able to point the software to be specific to your industry takes a lot of the guess work out for a new user in setting up your accounts . It is very user friendly and adaptable to any business . If you are considering a financial software for your business , look no further . This is the one !
 I really like the new format , the improved flexibility for exporting to excel and having the account balances right there when I open a file . I was happy with the 2002 version , but 2007 , so far , has been even better.I am a third party bookkeeper and I really prefer my clients use Quickbooks whenever possible .
 I have worked with Quickbooks software since thier 1999 version . I find the 2007 version to be a great improvement over prior versions . However , if not properly setup by a professional , small businesses can find themselves with many problems . I little investment , in the beginning , can save a lot of trouble -LRB- and expenses -RRB- in the long run .
 I am a CPA and Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor . I provide training via classes and one-on-one in the Denver , Colorado area . I also do training seminars for various groups throughout the nation.QuickBooks Premier is a superb accounting product . When set up properly and with data entered properly the management reports are excellent . A few clicks of the mouse can give you Profit & Loss statements by the week , month , year , etc. . You can compare P&L s ; over previous years . You can track item profitability , sales by customers , job costing , unbilled costs by jobs , profit and loss by job , purchasing reports , inventory reports , net worth , and so much more . You can get reports regarding expected cash availability for the next few weeks . The reports are a `` wow '' factor in this software . I get comments like `` Wow , this software can do so much more than I expected . '' And for additional customizing of reports , you can export many of them to Excel for additional analysis.Premier is available in different `` flavors '' so you can install just the one you need
 I am just a one man operation , Handyman that is . I was one of the lucky ones that got to beta test this new release and I ca n't imagine how I could run my business without it . It has everything I need to organize my contacts , invoices , statements and cash flow . The interface is awesome and even a dummy like me can follow it . I 've tried the others but none compares to the organized flow of Quickbooks .
 I found this product to be very adequate in its performance and it is very easy to install and log on to .
 As I continue to learn this program it gets better and better . I love that I am able to quickly track my money -LRB- not that it is a great amount -RRB- more efficiently and list all my transactions , customers and donations with just a few clicks.The projections and statements are impressive . There are a few minor things I wish it -LRB- software -RRB- had -LRB- i.e. , more customization options , etc. -RRB- but overall it is good . Actually , it may allow me to customize it once I really begin using all the options included . God bless .
 Quickbooks has long been known as outstanding product for small business . It continues to get more comprehensive and versatile with every new release . Unique and ultra-easy to use , Quickbooks is so good as to leave it 's former competition by the wayside while becoming the recognized `` standard '' for small business accounting .
 I have owned Peachtree and Quickbooks and thus far have found Quickbooks to be a much easier product to use . Peachtree may be more powerful in some ways but for the small business owner like myself I appreciate Quickbooks ease of use . We owned Quickbooks 2005 and have now upgraded to 2007 . We will probably upgrade every other year or so as we see more features added to Quickbooks .
 Final Cut Studio is a fantastic suite of products , and the package just got sweeter with the release of FCP Studio 2 . Motion 3 and Color are the standouts , in my opinion , providing unprecedented power for their respective capabilities in anything remotely approaching this price range . In addition , the whole suite provides a level of interoperability that 's unparalleled , and blows away any competition in the industry today.Given the suite 's fantastic breadth and depth of functionality , however , the newest iteration of the core application of the bunch , FCP6 , does come off as a bit disappointing by comparison.While the Open Timeline and ProRes 422 are notable and worthy enhancements to the FCP canon , the app nevertheless continues to be hampered by some long-standing Achilles ' heels , including various media management and UI issues . While everyone has their individual list of pet concerns , few knowledgeable users would argue that notable limitations do n't exist.Especially considering the two-year `` hiatus '' from FCP 's last major release , this is an unexpected bit of a letdown . Clearly , the hard-working Apple team focused the bulk of their efforts on the other apps , and the results do show there -LRB- as noted above -RRB- . -LSB- It 's also worth noting that seasoned editors who 've had experience on other platforms besides FCP , and who are accustomed to more demanding workflow situations as a matter of course , tend to be more mindful of shortcomings than the majority of users who may have used nothing but FCP , simply by virtue of a greater spectrum of experience . -RSB- However , none of this is to take away from the FCP Studio apps ' overall high level of quality , tremendous synergy , and unbeatable price point . For the money , it is hard to imagine a better value in the world of post-production today .
 This is the FC Studio to get if you need the software for a nonIntel processor . It 's the last upgrade from Apple for the G5 Power PC . I upgraded from Studio with Final Cut 5.1 and can now use most of the newer plugins as Final Cut Studio is more graphics friendly .
 Pros : - Easy inventory management - Easy invoicing and tracking of sales - Automatically updates the accounting with revenues and expenses if you set it up correctly -LRB- I 'm still figuring this out -RRB- - Nice customization feature for the look and layout of printed invoices and sales receipts . - Shipping Manager - easy printing of shipping labels - Email invoice from within Quickbooks.Cons : - The application is not as stable as I would expect . Sometimes it hangs . There are a few bugs that I can reproduce easily . You would think for a commercial application these would have been found in testing . Downloading and installing the latest update helped a lot as it fixed quite a few of these issues but not all of them . - learning curve if you have never done accounting or bookkeeping before - few customization features in terms of data . For example , for an inventory item you can only add 5 custom fields . If you have extra data that you want to keep track of for every item you can not do it . - No easy way to keep track of shipping/import costs for your inventory to have them counted as Cost of Goods Sold . There are workarounds but they are not ideal . - No support for buying goods in different currency .
 I have used Quickbooks since 1999 . It is a good product . It would have been more helpful if I had a better discription of the Contactor and Manufacture versions . It was hard to decide with I need at this time since we will be working on a government contract . What I do n't like is that I still have to purchase the payroll updates for 200.00 a year . I would think that it could have been included with the first year .
 I am not an Accountant , I went from MYOB 8 years ago , to Peachtree Complete , -LRB- HATED IT ! -RRB- to Quickbooks Pro 6 mos ago to know Premier for Manufacturing . The software is alot more user freindly than Peachtree , I was still doing `` Garbage In , & Garbage Out '' until I found Diane Margulies of D.G.M. Consulting , Inc. . She is a Certified QuickBooks ProAdvisor . She has saved me thousands by correcting -LRB- YEARS -RRB- of bad entry in Peachtree & QuickBooks . My Accountant was floored . Diane can be reached at -LSB- ... -RSB- or -LSB- ... -RSB- . Larry Nolan-Versa-Flex , Inc. .
 Good product . I am not well versed on using it yet . It would be nice if you could enter lat . and long . without going to third party . Easy entering range township and section info would also be nice.I am satisfied with the product . It is expensive however .
 Robust product with lots of name recognition suggested by my accountant . Unfortunately for a non accountant with a new business , it 's also difficult to navigate . I have had friends tell me -LRB- after the fact -RRB- that there are less complicated programs to use.My biggest criticisms though are long waits for customer service - over an hour on several occasions to get an additional feature activated , and since my time equates into money I 'm not doing so well here - ouch!Speaking of money , another issue is the the ever present `` nickle and diming '' that occurs whenever you want to use another feature - it 's always ala carte ! Get your credit cards ready - they understand the American capitalistic system well!Would I buy it again ? Probably not - I 'd find something a little less robust and more customer friendly - something not recommended by my accountant since I 'm the one using it !
 This software is one of the best for small businesses and must be kept up to date and therefore requires buying every year or two . And , as in your case , the lowest price is the primary driver .
 I like this program and how fast you responded in sending this to us .
 I have been using quickbooks since 1990 and I have upgraded to every version since then . I became a Beta tester for Quickbooks a few years ago and I have to say this is by far the best version of Quickbooks yet . I highly recomend it .
 I really like NIS . It works pretty well at blocking ads and pop-ups as well as controlling what comes in and out of my computer . The system learns what programs to trust and which not to , via your input . It 's very simple to use as well.The software features a firewall which works well , a spam filter which sometimes gives false positives , and an antivirus application that updates itself whenever a new virus comes out . The program continues to learn with the help of the people at Symantec as well as the individual using the software.One of the bad parts about NIS is that when blocking ads on certain sites , it can sometimes block important things like hyperlinks , non-advertisement banners and a few other annoying things . It 's simple to tell it not to do that , but then any real ads on the page will be displayed.All in all , I 've tried the rest and there is none better . You can either get all of the features seperately , or all of the features in one nice , basically small , package.One of the only downsides is that to get virus definition updates , you need to pay a yearly fee . In my opinion , the fee is worth it . If you are not capable to shelling out a yearly fee , then perhaps some other product will suit you better . I 'm just warning you that there is none better . Take it from someone who used it all . From McAfee to ZoneAlarm , this is the best !
 I upgraded from Norton Internet Security 2002 with a download , mostly to get the anti-spam capability . Download went fine . Upgrade went okay , although my system did hang on the second boot after installation . The problem disappeared with another boot . I have not noticed any speed problems . Old programs from System Works 2001 work fine . Symantec says that Norton anti-spam does not work with the Windows XP beta , but I have version 2 of that beta and there is n't much of a problem ; a toolbar sometimes does not display , but the filter works great.I expect that some of the problems people are having with this program are related to incorrect firewall configuration , and I must say , you do have to get used to the firewall . But I have been using this firewall for 3 years , so re-configuring it correctly was not a problem for me.I 'd recommend this product over a an anit-virus subscription renewal , just for the anti-spam feature .
 I bought this product apprehensively as so many reviewers have given it poor ratings . It was free to me , though , with the rebates I got , so I gave it a try . After using it a couple weeks , NIS 2004 has worked fine for me , and I am just as satisfied with it as I was with Norton Anti-Virus 2002 , which I upgraded from .
 I agonized and checked out German companies who are . org who independantly ran painstaking tests on 3200 virus attacks against all the virus software . The results were that Norton was the best in testing against all the others . PC mag said they were the best , too , but I still was n't sure . The reviews from customers were poor . I tried a few other companies , hated them , got refunds and finally tried Norton Anti-Virus . It loaded SMOOTHLY , and ran FINE . The interface was eye-pleasing and the intuitiveness of the interface layout was terrific . I was apprehensive , but it downloaded , installed and ran without a hitch . Then I downloaded and installed SPYBOT to get the ADWARE and SPYWARE and it was great , too . Together I have a Firewall , antivirus and search and destroy adware program that is smooth as glass . The adware that Norton caught it could n't delete . You then had to QUARANTINE it and delete it there , but the nice thing is the help is clickable where you need it and you can learn alot by checking the log features and records Norton provides right there , in front on the place you need to know something . It just ` so ' rated higher than any other company for a reason . It makes me think all those people with negative reviews were running old systems , did n't follow directions or possibly did n't run the virus scan completely BEFORE they installed as per instructions . I 'm so happy I got NORTON I ca n't tell you . There is something wrong with the people making bad reviews about Norton because the software is as good as it gets , I know that now , after so much testing and experience with it in the last week , and the price is competitive . I would get the NIS though , not just the anti-virus . Just be sure you follow the directions and get the key and go slow and careful and thoughtfully , sometimes slow is faster . the FIREWALL is 100 per cent effective according to tests done by many different testing agencies I checked out , also . I 'm relieved it was true that the bad reviews were in error , thank goodness I risked getting it and found it , after all , it is the best .
 I installed this software on my machine today , and it works great . I was tentative in making my purchase because of the poor ratings , but after I installed the product , I realised the REAL reason why most people probably had problems with this product . I 'll bet anything that the people who say their computers got messed up did NOT follow the installation instructions in the book that comes with this software . It is IMPERATIVE that any existing anti-virus software or firewalls are removed prior to the installation of this product . If you have Windows XP , you must deactivate the built-in firewall ! All of that information is contained in the installation instructions . I would also recommend making a startup disk if you do n't already have one -LRB- check your Windows help for more info on this -RRB- , and making a backup of all important files before you install ANY software of this magnitude.I only have one complaint about this product
 Was a little apprehensive about pruchasing this product after readind about all the problems with the install . My free trail w/Mcaffee was ending and I needed something . Read the reviews here and PC Magazine review . It was there editior 's choice . Bought the product . Removed the Mcaffee products on my Dell 83002.8 w / XP pro . Dropped the CD in tray and went through the installation process . What a breeze ! Updates are a lot easier than Mcaffee . Buy this product .
 Possibly because I am using this on a brand new computer with xp . I have experienced no system delays , conflicts with any other software , and very few of the pop-ups that every one else is complaining about . I 've had much worse than this , like Zone-Alarm .
 I do n't know what you guys are all crying about . Norton Internet Security 2004 worked fine for me . Installed it as the directions told me to do . For all of you people who do n't knowh how to read the directions or the manual given , let me give you some advice . First of all , if you 're running Windows XP , you need to disable the XP firewall before you install NIS 2004 . Go to my network connection , right click the connection you are currently using , go to properties , on the window that comes up , click the Advance tab , and make sure you uncheck the box . Also you might want to make sure you have no existing viruses on your computer . I know the software automatically checks for viruses before installing . If this software is giving you problems , then maybe it 's your computer . Get it checked . And YES it does slow down your computer ; this is because it takes up a lot of memory OFCOURSE . Upgrade your memory just as I have . That 's probably the only reason I gave it 4 stars . What I do like about the software is when it runs a full system scan , it not only scans viruses , but also adware and spyware too ! Overall , it 's an excellent program .
 You 'd be a fool to try anything else . I 've run nothing but Norton on all of my computers for several years . I would n't even dream of trusting my computers to anything else . I 've never had a virus , and I 've never had a problem with their software . It 's always worked great for me .
 Alright then , folks , as a person who deals with customers just like you every day , let me respond to these reviews.I am a tech support agent for NIS , these reviews amaze me.I would assume that the following advice is common sense.Operating system health -LRB- or lack of it -RRB- is the number one offender for problems with NIS . Got Windows 98 ? Great ! Got 25 % system resources in Windows 98 ? NOT GREAT . Norton Internet Security is not a small program ; it is , by nature , very invasive . It hooks into places in Windows most people do n't even know how to pronounce , if your operating system is corrupted -LRB- read , ANYONE who has had the same installation of Win 9X/ME for more than 18 months -RRB- guess what , your installation of NIS MAY have some problems , If you try to put a second floor on a rotton house , it MAY fall over.Did you buy this program because you have a virus ? Lets think about this , Your putting a car alarm on a car that has already been vandelized , the sugar is already in the tank , ITS NOT GON NA DO ANY GOOD UNTIL YOU fix the problem , protect the car before that happens.The average computer has over 150 instances of spyware , malware and adware loading at startup , this is due to simple negligence . Guess what , all that poorly written software is going to conflict with NIS , fix the problem first . Your computer is not a washing machine , it does n't just work , its millions of parts communicating trillions of signals at near light speed , you tune your car , it works , you do n't , it wo n't . Your computer is infinately more complex than your car . Not knowing how to tune your computer does not excuse the need to get it done.I do n't want to sound harsh here , I know everyone is doing the best that they can , but when other peoples lack of savvy turns into your fault , it might raise your heart-rate a bit . Thats all I do , I do it because I loke to help people and I belive in the product.Please , take a deep breath , it has been reviewed as number one by most every PC authority there is , the only thing seperating you from them is this , thier computers are well tuned , so thier software works perfectly , take some time and you 'll have the same experience they do.Thanks -
 I did n't have any major problems installing this software . The only problem I had was a few components did n't quite load correctly upon startup , but a reboot fixed the problem . I had NIS 2003 and was very happy with it ; this new version really does n't seem to offer a lot of exciting new features , seems merely the same as 2003 dressed-up to look like a new version . Anyhow , this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago . I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user . If you experience problems with installation , you can visit symantec 's website , click the support tab , click the ` home or home office support ' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it . Ca n't get easier than that !
 I recently purchased NIS 2004 as an upgrade -LRB- NAV and NFW updates were expiring -RRB- . I have been running System Works 2003 and Personal Fire Wall 2003 . As directed in the manual , I uninstalled NAV from System Works before installing NIS . -LRB- Left System Works and NFW on the system . -RRB- It took about 10-15 minutes to complete the install including Live Update . Absolutely no hangs , error messages or any other problems ! -LRB- I am running Windows XP , Home Edition through a Linksys wireless router . -RRB- Activation took about 15 seconds via a cable modem.I have not activated parental control -LRB- All adults here . -RRB- nor the privacy module . So , I have no comments on how they operate . However , antivirus , firewall and the spam filter -LRB- Outlook 2002 -RRB- all work flawlessly . No slowdown in speed of computer or internet discernable.I 'm not sure what has created so many other reviewers to complain about install errors or that NIS slows their computer down to the speed of tree sap in winter . That has not been my experience at all . As already noted , I did not activate either the parental controls or privacy feature.For what its worth , System Works 2003 was not adversly affected by the installation of NIS 2004 . Based on my experience , I would highly recommend NIS 2004 . The antivirus , firewall and especially the spam filter programs work exactly as advertised . As a long time user of Norton products I have never had to deal with a virus . Norton has caught several such e-mails and appropriately quarantined them . One final comment , the spam filter seems to be catching about 95 % of the -LRB- ... -RRB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a combo pack of Norton 's Anti-virus software , personal firewall , and anti-spam programs that are all sold individually as well . The price of buying this complete all-in-one package is a great value . I upgraded from NIS ' 02 - which worked great for me , the '04 version is the latest , improved , and most up to date . I love the easy to use interface and automatic live updates -LRB- via the ` net -RRB- . No computer should ever be connected to the ` net with out protection from viruses , cowardly hackers , and privacy threats . It does it 's job , easy to install and use , and most importantly keeps my PC safe . Great product , must have , Highly recommended !!
 Windows XP SP1I love this suite of software ! Before switching to NIS I had 2 separate programs to block malicious spyware , a broken version of PC-Cillin that downloaded the same update every 10 minutes and the built in Microsoft Firewall . I love the flexibility and ability to tweak the settings to my own needs not to mention the convience provided by having them all bundled into one package . I 'll never use another spyware blocker or anti-virus program again .
 I do n't know what thet rest of you are complaining about , but on my system -LRB- Windows XP SP1 -RRB- , everything runs smoothly . I installed NIS 2004 as part of NSW 2004 months ago and have n't had a single problem to complain about . No install issues and no system slow downs . And my system is by no means the fastest available . Athlon XP 1600 + , 512 megs ram .
 great product , no problems with instalation or operation . after reading the reviews written online here i had my doubts in buying this product . glad i did n't listen to the poor reviews . i highly recomend the product to anyone who needs virus or firewall software . i was using mcafee 's software but the switch was easy . i do n't know but maybe all those negative reviewers work for a competing software company or have quite limited computer experience .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I used it for years with no problems whatsoever . Installation is always a breeze and it 's stopped numerous virus and security threats over the years . If you time your purchase right -LRB- ... -RRB- . The 2004 version received PC Magazine 's Editor 's Choice Award -LRB- again -RRB- . Trust their opinion . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is the best program that has come out in a long time . Symantec antivirus has always been the best at detecting the newvirus defintions . The Internet Security is awesome . I have many customers whom I install this program on their pc 's . It cant be beat for filtering teenage users from where you do n't want them to go . I use it on my own pc to keep my step-daughter off on AIM and the spam-mail filtering works like magic ! this is a must have!Those who had problems with the program should really use Norton 's customer support , they are very knowledgable.If you are having a problem ... are you running AOL browsers?AOL is not compatible with many programs ! Ditch AOL is my advice .
 This is the best program you can buy ... 1st thing ... I have always had some sort of firewall/security program installed on my computers ... Some were free ones , others norton and mcafeewere not ... Anyway I had the 2002 security program and works ... I bought the 2004 security program on eBay paid $ 65.00 for it , installed it , loved it ... Anyway , I killed my computer -LRB- not norton -RRB- so I reinstalled the original software from my restore disks and did n't look before hand to find my security disks ... Needless to say I think I threw it away on accident !?!?! Not sure ... Moral of the story I just bought a 2nd copy to install it on my PC as I have the 2002 firewall on it now ... Which compaired to the 2004 internet security ... It sucks big time ... I love this program and highly recommend this product to anyone who hates ... POP UPS , SPAM , virus invasions all the time ... RUN do n't walk , RUN to buy it ... NOTHING IS BETTER !
 While I understand the complaints about Symantec 's Norton SystemWorks software suite -LRB- which are totally justified -RRB- , the same ca n't be said for Norton Internet Security . It 's a highly rated , KICK ASS firewall program that 's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus , plus extras -LRB- like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control -RRB- that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access . Detractors should spend more time actually customizing the program to meet their needs instead of being lazy & complaining just for the hell of it . Once you set it up , you barely even notice it 's even there .
 I think this very good protection utility , you just jave to give it a chance . It always keeps me protected , since I started to use NIS few years ago , never had any viruses . It does a good job with the Firewall and Auto Protect . If you have two Firewalls on your PC just turn off one of them , I turnerd off my windows firewall and left NIS Firewall , and my PC works very smoothly and very effeciently . Once I had a problem with Auto-Protect , so I contacted Technician via email , and they send me response to solve mmy problem , I was able to solve it almost immedately . If you think about buying this Product I would highly recommend it .
 Seeing all the negative reviews almost prevented me from purchasig this product . I have used Norton products for many years with only a few problems . This product turned out to be a breeze to insall , configue , and run . I am not happy with the activation feature , but otherwise I am satisfied with it . I am running xp home with 512mb memory . Most of the negative comments come from people running older versions of windows . If you have xp I recommend this product .
 I 'm not sure why all the bad reviews , my computer is n't especially slowed down and I have Win ' 98 . Sure , it slows it down a little , but that 's expected . Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little , but these reviews are highly exagerated ... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers -LRB- ? -RRB- So , if you have a fairly fast computer -LRB- 1 gig or better -RRB- with plenty of ram -LRB- 512 -RRB- and your not gaming online or running streaming video continually , you should be fine . This is pretty standard for an up to date computer anymore , so what 's the fuss ?
 To all of you who had problems installing NIS 2004 I say ... `` What ? `` Mine installed with no problems -LRB- and I am a microbiologist , not a computer guy -RRB- . If you 're having installation problems , then I would say user error is involved . Not only has it caught and delt with many viruses , it has helped me catch many hackers -LRB- probably ametures -RRB- trying to hack my computer . This product allows you to track down that person 's IP address so you may report it to their ISP . I have done this several times . As far as spam , I do n't get any . I do n't know if it is because I disabled my MSN Passport -LRB- the source of much spam -RRB- or if the NIS is working . You guys running older and slower computers probably do not want this software . It is a resource hog when it 's in full swing , but mine is only slow on boot up .
 I originally had bought Norton Internet Security for my laptop after the preinstalled Norton Antivirus trial had finished . The hardest part was the run around with what software suite to buy . This package contains BOTH Norton Antivirus and Firewall . The only reason I 'd buy them separately in the combo package is for two liecenses . If you want integrated Antivirus and Firewall this is what I 'd suggest.Norton 's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low . It usually only takes 5-10 MB 's of system memory . I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.Both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together . You wo n't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking . An infected computer tried to launch an attack on mine and I was able to get a map and address of the server . I e-mailed the company telling them about the attack .
 I upgraded from NAV 2002 and ZoneAlarm to this ... Installing took minutes ... Updating over broadband took 3 reboots and several updates that had been released since the release 2 years ago -LRB- expected -RRB- . Then only Virus definitions . . and I was done.A half hour to see all the new features and review the default settings , and 15 minutes to see how to enable one certain game for my child on NEOPETS.Tried the other freeware including Avast and maybe I just got used to the NAV Auto Update and using the daily 4am Virus Checking.The Internet Security included is very flexable and friendly . I actually feel ok now without Zonealarm -LRB- was my best pick -RRB- clogging up my net.Plus I can configure the other users with a click ... . Kids / Teens and adults ... Then you can fine tune them if need be ... All the logs are there and easy to read.I really thought I was in for trouble after reading the reviews , but I got used to NAV and for this price glad I did.I guess no news is good news and all the good reviews are just not showing up ... Soo I thought I would speak for them ...
 I 've had it since the virus attack back in May 2003 , and for me , it works pretty good -LRB- System = 1.7 GHz , 640MB RAM -RRB- . It is memory hog and it did slow my pc a little during start up / shut down , but no problem with viruses so far .
 No problems installing NIS 2004 on HP Pavilion -LRB- P4 @ 1.8 with XP , and while NAV 2002 was loaded -RRB- . First time with a firewall app , but used NAV for many years . PC now takes slightly longer to start XP -LRB- logical , since it is loading an extra app -RRB- . Occasionally the firewall alerts can be annoying to decipher -LRB- e.g. NIS reported our PC as the intruder -RRB- , but NAV and LiveUpdate seem to be running fine . Antispam feature seems to be 85-90 % effective , but occasionally declares war on MS-Outlook inbox rules . Have n't tried to use the parental control . Overall , NIS 2004 does the job -LRB- however , Symantec should read the other reviews , as it seems many people do not share this opinion -RRB- .
 The manual tells you to first disable the win xp firewall and then uninstall any anti-virus programs you have.I wonder if failure to do this is a source of so many troubles?I have an emachines t2865 with an amd athlon xp 2800 -LRB- 2.083 ghz -RRB- processor ,512 megs ram .
 I had recomended this product to my father after getting it myself for free after rebates , and he just called me concerned about all the bad reviews on this site . I must say I am stunned . I have used Norton for the previous 3 years and I think this is the best version so far . Its true that it is fairly resource hungry while it is in the middle of scanning for viruses , but thats why you can schedule it to run whenever you want -LRB- like when you are at work or sleeping -RRB- . I do n't notice any slow down in my broadband connection while it is idle . There is a small delay when it scans downloaded files and such , but a little speed must be sacraficed if you want to have protection . The only slightly annoying thing I have noticed is that it takes up to about 15 seconds for my wireless connection to be detected.When installing this , as with any software so integrated with the OS , care should be taken . Make sure your computer at the very LEAST meets the system requirements for the software . In my experience , clean installations always result in fewer errors . However , upgrading from NIS2003 my save you some time and effort . Uninstall any other virus or firewall programs beforehand and if you have win xp , disable built in firewall too . Restart . Make backups and a system restore point -LRB- if applicable -RRB- then restart your computer and install NIS2004 from a fresh boot . These steps are even recomended in the instruction book.My computer : P4 2.8 GHz 800FSB512MB PC3200 RAMGF4 Ti 4200 AGP160 GB 7200RPM HDWindows XP Pro SP11MB Cable internet connection viawireless router .
 After reading several of the reviews about Norton 's Internet Security 2004 software on Amazon , I was a nervous installing it on my computer . I received a free 60-day trial when I bought a Linksys wireless router to use with my new cable modem -LRB- so my wife could have access to the internet on her laptop -RRB- , so I figured I 'd try it out and pray for the best . My computer is old . It 's been rebuilt a couple times from it 's original 1995 Compaq Presario configuration . I currently run Windows 2000 , and all the other stuff -LRB- processor speed , memory , hard drive size , etc. -RRB- on my system is probably in-line with a computer bought back in 2001 . I already had Norton Anti-virus , but this software added a much needed firewall -LRB- since I 'm on the internet now 24/7 -RRB- , along with anti-spam and anti-ad pop-ups/banners programs -LRB- I 'm so happy to get rid of those annoying ads !!! -RRB- . It took less than 15 minutes to install Norton Internet Security 2004 and I have not had any problems with it -LRB- other than a few minor configuration issues -RRB- . My computer has not slowed down at all and the interface for the software is ultra user-friendly . I would recommend this software to my family and friends . Norton is awesome !
 Well , I must be one of the few fortunate ones on here . Mine installed no problem -LRB- but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first -RRB- . Seems to work great . Sorry to hear about all the other folk 's problems ... makes me wonder why I 'm NOT having any -LRB- I 'm running Win XP as well -RRB- .
 PIII 1Ghz512MB RDRAMWindows XP Pro80GB HDI was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.First , I turned off my cable modem . Then I disabled both Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security.I used `` Add/Remove Programs '' to unistall NIS 2003 . In `` Add/Remove , you must selecting the program 's Change button . After that was complete , I deleted the Norton Antivirus and Norton Internet Security folders left in the `` Programs '' section of Windows XP.Next I de-fragged my hard drive.I did not use the Rnis.exe , since I have WinFax Pro on my system . I did not touch the Windows Registry , for the same reason.I installed , activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.So far , the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good .
 I was looking for a new version of NIS for the new laptop that I have had for a few weeks . I have NIS 2003 on my desktop and it worked fine . So I felt that I wanted to stay with Norton.After reading some reviews I was a bit skeptical to be sure . But I found a version of NIS 2004 for $ 50.00 . So with the $ 20 mfr rebate and the $ 30 upgrade rebate I decided to try it.I have the Toshiba S126 laptop with 512 ram a Celeron 2.8 Ghz processor and a 60 GB hard drive.First I uninstalled any programs that referred to Norton or Symantec . I proceeded to install NIS 2004 . The installation took about 1/2 hour with upgrades . I have a HS internet connection . Everything went well with the installation . I am not aware of any problems at this time . I am using Outlook Express with 2 identies and it seems to be working OK.Expect that some people that have had a problem with this program were not able to remove all of the older programs or had some sort of Firewall installed that they forgot to remove . I also read an account where it may not work well with some AMD processors , But for me it is working well . Only had about 4-5 security screens to respond to for this installation . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I 'm writing this more in the hopes of helping someone else who may run into the issues I did when upgrading from Norton Internet Security '03 to ' 04 , than as a serious review of the product . -LRB- Once installed properly , it works very well . I like the product , I 've used it on my current computer since I got it , and before that on the computer it replaced . I should mention I did n't install parental controls/accounts , and do n't use the NIS spam filtering , so I ca n't speak to any issues people may have with those features . I use NAV , the firewall , intrusion detection , privacy control and ad blocking , and these features work very well for me . -RRB- **** If you have used previous versions of NIS on your computer , even if you have uninstalled them using Add/Remove Programs , and you are getting a Driver Initialization Failed error when starting NIS 2004 , read on **** After running the installation , I kept getting an error box saying `` Driver Initialization Failed '' , usually when trying to turn on intrusion detection . The error box pointed me to a document on the Symantec website , which I read , and followed to tthe letter . I had no other firewalls running , both the updated NAV 2004 and Ad-Aware assured me there was no `` Malware '' on the computer . I uninstalled and then reinstalled NIS 2004 following Symantec 's instructions to first delete the files in % temp % and run MSCONFIG to boot without any startup programs other than system services . None of this helped , I was still getting the error.What finally fixed the problem was uninstalling NIS 2004 -LRB- yet again -RRB- and grabbing two little programs from Symantec 's web site , to use to clean out some files and registry entries left over from earlier NIS installations -LRB- my first version on this computer was NIS 2002 -RRB- . The programs are Rnav2003.exe and RnisUPG.exe . I first ran Rnav2003 for NAV 2002 , rebooted and then ran it again for NAV 2003 and rebooted . Then I ran RnisUPG.exe , rebooted , and followed the Symantec instructions for rebooting again from a `` clean '' system , and reinstalled . This time it worked , so I was able to return the system to normal mode -LRB- via MSCONFIG -RRB- , and all is working well.Hope this helps someone else , it was a * frustrating installation for me , but all 's well that ends well , I guess .
 I 've used the anti-virus system and my commputer was never infected and Norton did n't bother me by his activity . Upgraded to the with firewall system and Norton bothers me . I use a program that connects to the internet independently of the browser . After a few times of reqesting if it was OK to let the program connect , Norton announced it had learned about the program and everything was fine . But then it must have forgot and now I 'm having to shut off the firewall , launch my program and then restart the firewall . Not terrible but not perfect .
 This product installed easily and works beautifully . However , I started with a clean slate and reformatted my hard drive and reinstalled Windows XP , because I was badly infected with malware after foolishly running unprotected . Then , I uninstalled NAV 2003 , which came with my computer and was auto-loaded during the reinstallation . I then hooked up a Linksys firewall router first , then installed NIS 2004 . Installation was quick , with no glitches whatsoever . Activation was also quick and easy . Live update works perfectly . The default configurations are 98 % what an average user would need , but the small amount of tweaking I 've had to do -LRB- to make it network friendly -RRB- was easy . However , it is useful to have done some basic research into computer security prior to buying or installing any of these types of products . That way you know what you are trying to accomplish , can better understand the configuration settings , and can anticipate and solve any networking problems without so much consternation . So far , this appears to be an excellent product .
 I tried the demo version for fifteen days and had not a single problem
 I have installed it for about a week and so far so great ... I like it a lot and the pop up killer is way better than 2002 , 2002 made you go through too many steps to kill pop up and then similar pop ups would still come through . I really like it and I had 2003 installed that I downloaded -LRB- eval . copy -RRB- to be protected while I waited for the 2004 . I uninstalled the old Norton and installed 2004 , it was very clean and easy . Now I am running win98SE with a 1700XP Athlon and 256 meg DDR . and I had just rebuilt my system because I formatted the whole drive , it works great . I would like to see an option to block all the ads that currently are allowed to get through , and a way to `` skiiny '' down the application so there would be less running in my systray .
 - Smooth integration with Outlook and IE . - Better than McAfee - A better interface would have been nice.Edit
 I upgraded from Norton Internet Security 2003 to 2004 on my PC , which has Windows XP Home Edition . I did not have any problems whatsoever . The installation went smoothly . After the installation , I went through each feature -LRB- antivirus , privacy , antispam , etc -RRB- and made sure that the settings were as I prefer them . For example , I do not want to restrict incoming email to only those addresses in my address book . Additionally , my PC is used only by adults so I did not turn on parental controls.Since I have a constant Internet connection using a cable modem , the automatic execution of LiveUpdate behind the scenes is appreciated.The antispam feature works well with Eudora , my full-featured email program of choice.I recommend Norton Internet Security 2004 to any Internet user who wants effective protection for his or her PC .
 Great News ! Everything seems to be working superbly with none of the problems so many others have reported!I 'm running XP professional on an ASUS 440BX motherboard with a PIII 1 GHz and 600 Mbytes of memory . I have the 2003 professional version of System works installed and had Internet Security 2003 installed . Live update was current , all Microsoft windows security updates were current ; a system virus scan was done as well as disk optimization with Speed disk . Before I installed , I used msconfig to disable all Startup Items , hide all Microsoft Services and then Disable All the other Services remaining . I am assuming that you are an advanced enough user to understand these instructions . With the Startup Items and Services disabled , I used the install disk and followed all instructions . After doing the requested reboot , a wizard came up with various setup options ; answer no to all of them , exit the wizard then use msconfig to reset all options to normal startup ; restart and that 's it ! All my old Internet Security options were automatically sent to the 2004 upgrade . NO apparent overhead / bandwidth CPU problems as far as I can tell.By the way my antivirus subscription as well security definitions subscription were due to expire on 08/10/04 and my new install/expiration dates now read 08/04/05 ! Combine this with the fact that Symantec is offering a $ 30 upgrade rebate and an additional $ 20 rebate and that amounts to an unbeatable deal for the safety minded consumer .
 I run a P4 2.6 with 512k RAM and it runs great . Love all the features . I also tried to run this on 600Mhz Celeron with 256k RAM . I exeprienced some of the hassles others had mentioned.Nearly wrecked my PC before I was able to uninstall it . They should up the min requirements listed on the box !!
 I am writing this review because I do n't see enough good reviews on this product . Sure , everybody wants to speak up when they have a problem , but what about the compliments?As a Network Administrator I have used many programs and since I started using Symantec products life is just easier . It 'll install easy and there 's literally no maintenance ! Configuration is simple and minimal ! Just let it do its thing!I work for a company now that chooses to use Trend Micro -LRB- for the purpose of cost -RRB- and , well , what can I say , , , it creates extra work for me . However , I still run Symantec on my personal machines as well as at home !
 I purchased this , even after reading the review rants , based on a magazine testing that claimed McAfee had severe problems with their internet security but the Norton was the one to own . Having already blown the money and given up on the McAfee software , I trusted the magazine and I am glad I did.This product runs smooth , transparently , and without a hitch , all the while doing exactly what is claims , which is keep unwanted intrusions and viruses/worms/boots from my system . It has found , intercepted and nuetralized many of these pests already all the while acting clean and clear -LRB- even in conjunction with the accelerator Proxyconn -RRB- It DID start up and install quite slow until it had updated its virus registry from the homesite , and the computer startup is slower , but there is no discernible effect on web activity except knowing it is safe.If you run XP on a reliable product -LRB- I use Sony Viao -RRB- this product will work fine ... Good luck !
 The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP . No more banner ads , pop-ups , and the reliable antivirus . I work on word , explorer , netscape , acrobat reader , photoshop at same time -LRB- meaning using a lot of memory -RRB- , but still dont see a problem with computer -LRB- getting slow or crashing -RRB- . I have XP with 256MB RAM , 40GB memory . This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before -LRB- PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone -RRB- . 5 stars all the way !
 The program is running excellent on my PC -LRB- 512 Kb RAM -RRB- . I downloaded the software from Internet and it worked after less than 5 minutes with firewall , automatic downloads etc. . A good alternative to Norton Internet Security 2004 -LRB- which loves RAM -RRB- is to use F-Secure -LRB- or Norton Anti-Virus 2004 -RRB- together with the excellent firewall of Zonelabs -LRB- even their free ware is fantastic -RRB- . On my second PC i am using F-Secure/Zonealarm since this combination does n't slow down the PC .
 1 . Do n't give up on the installation . It takes 2 or 3 tries to get NIS 2004 to install completely even on a new computer running W XP . Do n't panic and keep trying .2 . Even if Live Update appears to run well and downloads the over 7000 kbs of updates easily , go IMMEDIATELY to the Symantec website and download the UPDATE FOR THE LIVEUPDATE program ! To do this get to the online free support screen . Click on the free support link and allow ActiveX controls to run . This does an automatic computer analysis amd indicates whether the updated LiveUpdate program is needed and provides a link to download it . It replaces the entire LiveUpdate program -LRB- over 7MB -RRB- . This took me by surprise . NIS is outrageously dysfunctional without it.Hope this will help someone . NIS runs well for me now . -LRB- I did not load the Parental Controls and Accounts program and I disabled anti-spam controls within the program because my ISP blocks spam efficiently . -RRB-
 After installing NIS 2004 , all hell broke loose ... Comments about solving installation/upgrade problems1 -RRB- I was forced to upgrade from NIS 2003 to NIS 2004 because of problems with Norton and NIS 2003 licenses -LRB- somehow my multiple purchased licenses got merged together -LRB- even though purchased months apart , they all expired with the earliest expiration date , naturally . grrrr -RRB- and Norton would not address the problem . Simpler just to eat the $ 50 and upgrade -RRB- 2 -RRB- Despite nothing but horror reviews for this product I decided to upgrade rather than go to some other product and face unknown problems.Comments :1 -RRB- Installation was a no-brainer -LRB- my ideal -RRB- . NIS 2004 prescanned for viruses that might adversely affect installation -LRB- a very good idea -RRB- 2 -RRB- First NIS 2004 upate was a 23Mb download -LRB- a pain at 26K . grrr -RRB- 3 -RRB- Did full system scan . About the same speed as NIS 2003 - 110Gb , 3 million files , 2 hours . Interface is essentially identical with NIS 2003 -LRB- fine with me , nothing much new to learn -RRB- 4 -RRB- Rebooted Windows XP Pro . Crash booting . Finally came up on subsequent boot . -LRB- At least Windows tries to recover -RRB- Multiple boot crashes , etc. subsequently .5 -RRB- Crash after crash after crash of a previously stable system to the point that the system was no longer usable . Display driver problems , too .6 -RRB- There are known Windows crashes using ATI Radeon display cards with some motherboards and I suspected this was the problem . -LRB- this bug has driven a lot of users to the bottle or the bridge -RRB- -LRB- There is a workaround by turning off AGP fast writes -RRB- I looked and looked and looked and I just could n't find where to turn off fast writes . -LRB- The reason , somehow , apparently , NIS 2004 installation/update/scan had deleted/clobbered/rewritten / whatever something and the function was no longer available . -RRB- I uninstalled the old Catalyst drivers and installed the newest ones from ATI . Voila , there was the option to turn off fast writes , right where it should be .7 -RRB- I rebooted a few times just to make sure everyting was ok and now the system is stable again . -LRB- six hours or so . hence the tentative rating . -LRB- who knows what the future will bring ? -RRB- -RRB- Comments :1 -RRB- PCs are so prone to strange problems and we no longer know whether it is hardware , operating system or NIS 2004 . Some minor hardware or software change and then , instability .2 -RRB- NIS 2004 Ad Blocking features affected Internet browsing sometimes -LRB- information would be blocked from reasonable websites -RRB- so I disabled it . -LRB- I want firewall and antivirus . Could n't care less about this feature . If you want ad blocking , do n't use the Internet . -RRB- 3 -RRB- I tested a number of demanding programs and found no significant degradation of performance.All in all , do a full system backup before installing this product , just in case ! -LRB- I was lazy , no free 120Gb external hard disk was available -RRB-
 I 've owned many Norton products in my time , and for the most part , I 've been pleased with their performance . This is also the case with NIS 2004 . I 've seen many reviews praising 2003 and cursing 2004 . I upgraded from NIS 2003 , and the change in performance has not been noticeable . On the contrary , I 'm quite pleased with my upgrade . It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003 . PROS : * Norton AntiVirus - Very pleased with this . Has a very nifty new feature -LRB- since 2003 -RRB- , where a small box pops up near your traybar saying that an application is waiting for a scan of a specific file . NAV has also added new signatures and logic for finding spyware in this version . As usual , it will find Viruses , Trojans and other nastiness on your computer , in your email and in your chat sessions . * Firewall and intrusion detection - Has worked fine for me in both NIS 2003/2004 . This features has been nicely improved on in NIS 2004 . The main new features I like is the fact that when a program first tries to access the internet , you can temporarily or permanently choose whether to permit or block ALL traffic for this application , or have the system automatically configure settings if it recognizes the application . * Norton Privacy Control - Can prevent you from inadvertently disclosing personal information in email/chat etc. . All confidential information needs to be input manually though . * Nicely integrates with your system , and does not needlessly interfere with applications . I 've had no known application issues due to the installation of NIS 2003/2004 . * Norton AntiSpam - New features in NIS 2004 . It integrates nicely with Outlook 2003 and Outlook Express . It 's been quite a useful feature , and would be worth the upgrade/purchase for many users . Seems to remove about 70-80 % of my spam , and seems to flag about 10-20 % of my legitimate email as spam . Very user-friendly feature , and learns from your input on what 's spam and not spam . * LiveUpdate - Works great and can be configured to seamlessly update your computer against the latest threats . Works fine with modem as well - does not try to dial up all the time , but rather checks for updates when you 're already online.CONS : * PRODUCT ACTIVATION - Almost made me not upgrade . TWO THUMBS DOWN ! Personally , I do n't care if the product activation is flawless , I 'm very unhappy with Norton treating their legitimate customers with such great distrust . * Needs more tweaking than I 'd like to get up and running - at least for the firewall/intrusion detection bit . * Memory/CPU and resource hog - It does slow down your system noticeably , but I 'd rather have that happen than having my computer screwed up by a virus/Trojan/hacker . PROBLEMS ? * One thing I 've noticed is that a few occasions it has alerted about an intrusion attempt from my own computer . This has n't seemed to cause any problems though . * The automatic program scan , which is supposed to find all known software and configure the firewall/intrusion detection for each of them crashed during installation . I 've not been able to successfully run this , so therefore I 've had to configure each program manually as they tried to access the internet.Overall , I 'm quite pleased with NIS 2004 . For me it was also worth the upgrade from NIS 2003 . They could definitely improve on the performance itself , and they should remove product activation -LRB- aka . `` We hate our legitimate users , so we 'll make life difficult for them '' -RRB- . 4 STARS !!!
 After a bad experience with McAfee 's Spamkiller 5 , I took my lumps -LRB- 40 dollars -RRB- and bought Norton 's antispam 2004 , which I downloaded . It , unlike McAfee 's , loaded quickly and easily , and is catching virtually all spam . The couple that sneaked by I identified as spam and blocked future spam from that sender with two simple keystrokes.As everyone knows , spam is choking the internet . I was getting about 300 spam messages a day which I had to manually delete . Then I got the `` I Hate Spam '' program , which helped , but a lot still sneaked by , so I downloaded Spamkiller 4 , which was nominally better -- but still I was not able to permanently block the obvious spam that did get through with a couple of keystrokes.With Norton 's , I can.I.m happy with this program . It may help to know that I am running Outlook Express , with Windows ME . Also , I have a local internet service provider as host for my website as well as Comcast cable , with requires different incoming and outgoing mail settings . My machine is a Gateway 1.8 MHz.Joseph -LRB- Joe -RRB- Pierre
 I avoided Norton Antispam because of the poor reviews at Amazon . I tried Spamwasher , and a couple others which I have mercifully forgotten . Nothing worked . They required me to read through the spams to see if I wanted to read them ! No help at all.Then I got a new laptop with Norton Antipam 2004 installed . It worked great . Just what I wanted . It put spam , and nothing else , in a separate folder . No `` training '' or long setup was necessary . I then bought NAS for my desktop computer . It installed easily and works great.I do n't know why this product gets poor reviews here . My experience has been absolutely excellent .
 Running several web sites , I get between 600 and 1,000 spam emails a day . I had been running SpamKiller from McAfee and was having trouble after 6-7 months of usage . Found the Norton AntiSpam 2004 and bought/downloaded it right away from their web site.Im running my PC on Win XP and use it with Outlook Express 6 and it works great , out of the box it was removing 80-90 % of the spam from my email , at very high accuracy . Plus , I have not experianced any crashes . McAfee SpamKiller software would crash on heavy spam days.After running Norton AntiSpam now for about a month , with a little `` training '' via the `` this is spam '' thing , it easily removes +95 % of the spam from my email on the first pass , and I am very pleased with AntiSpam 2004 . You should note that I connect to the Internet via Earthlink and use their medium level spam filter that removes `` known spam '' -LRB- about 20-30 % of the spam load , but not all -RRB- in addition to Norton AntiSpam . This combo seems to work the best for me .
 Spam was driving me nuts . I tried other antispam software -LRB- mostly freeware -RRB- and found it not worth the trouble . Norton Antispam filters more than 98 % of my spam . Very elegant design -- nothing to learn and it could n't be simpler . This software has made checking my email much less of a chore . I recommend it highly .
 Downloaded the 15 day trial program . After two weeks of use I have been very satisfied with the results . It does slow down the e-mail a little , but when it checks up to 30 spam messages at a crack and puts them into the Antispam Folder , I can wait . Am using Windows XP Home and MS Outlook . Once in awhile it will display a Norton Antispam e-mail in the Inbox , but it can be clicked into the antispam folder . All Spam mail can be deleted from the Antispam folder with one click on the `` Empty Antispam folder '' .
 Symantec tech support helped me to tweak my Outlook Express and get Norton AntiSpam to work as advertised . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it did n't work on my system right out of the box .
 I get inundated with about 100 e-mails a day , at least 90 % are spam , and I do n't want to change my e-mail address ! Norton Anti-Spam throws 85 of these 90 in the trash . It does an excellent job of filtering and I have not noticed any slow down . You almost never end up with one you want in the trash and the best way to avoid this is to have everyone you might ever want an e-mail from in your address book , which is not as hard as it sounds . Even so , this product has saved me from the evil spam mongers .
 I have been using this product for about six months now and have had great results . It works well with Outlook Express . It does n't catch everything , but it does catch many spam messages and filter them into a spam folder . My only complaint is that it only works with my pop account , not with my Hotmail account that I read in Outlook Express .
 Great Product and works Great . Better than the cheapo product I was using . Thanks Norton ! -LRB- Win XP - Outlook Express -RRB-
 My experience of this product is nowhere near as bad as some seem to be.I actually ordered an upgrade to NIS and got anti-spam as part of the suite . So far it 's been pretty effective at catching spam . I 'd like more control over it 's operation than a simple on-off switch so that - for example - I could choose the order Norton 's filter was applied in relation to my own Outlook XP filters . Instead I 've got into the habit of quickly visually scanning the filtered spam then running my Outlook filters manually . This combination pretty rapidly cuts down between 70-100 spams a day to between 3 and 7 that need deleted manually . That 's not bad.Personally I think the secret is a good white list and Norton picks up your email address book just fine - assuming you 're using a supported e-mail program . You just need to remember to reimport the address book when you update it.I ca n't speak to the problems others have had , but I 'm not very forgiving of bad software so I would rant if I felt it deserved it but it just does n't . That said , from my own experience I do know some of Symantec 's products are nasty if you do n't follow the installation instructions to the letter -LRB- like uninstalling Antivirus before installing Internet Security -RRB- . I probably would n't have bought this product on it 's own but I 'm not disappointed I 've got it in Internet Security .
 I upgraded from NAV 2003 running Windows XP professional and had no trouble at all . My machine did not run slower nor did I have any trouble with product activation . I 'm not sure what trouble people were having . Perhaps , Symantec has released a patch in the interum .
 Personally , I love Norton Antivirus and the other Norton products . I use Norton exclusively . I 've never had much luck with McAffe at home or in a corporate invironment . Working on a helpdesk , troubleshooting systems over the phone or with remote assistance , I have seen way too many issues with McAffee to trust it -LRB- especially , when it can not be re-activated even with the password in an admin user account -RRB- . I do the Updates , religiously , and never shut-down A.V. protection , unless the Network connection is disabled . This product has protected me , very well . No complaints ... . except for one
 I have used Norton for years and have never had the problems so many reviewers have . I got the PRO rather than the standard because it allows you to use it on two computers and I have two . Just be sure to uninstall any older versions of either Norton or other virus checkers first . Do n't run any other programs while installing and go get all the updates before you run the program , they fix all the problems and allow it to run well .
 I have been running Norton Anti-virus products since 2000 , and never had a problem . It has kept me virus free that whole time , and caught quite a few nasty ones as well . I have had it installed on Windows 98 , ME , and XP . It is intuitive , and I like the auto-update feature . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I installed after using Norton 2002 , I uninstalled 2002 , all parts including Live Update , rebooted then installed Norton Pro 2004 , install ran a basic virus scan and installed with no problem . Running great no system slow down or activation problems so far . I am running WIN XP Pro with AMD Duron 1.3 Ghz . and 795MBThe version comes with two licenses , data recovery -LRB- recycle bin -RRB- and data clean -LRB- prevent others from recovering the data you delete -RRB- . I have been saved numerous times from email viruses using norton . Also this version adds protection when using IM programs . Also basic adware protection.I would recommend that you get a firewall program , Norton has a good one for novice to intermediate users . For advanced users try Sygate .
 I have gone through hell and back . I received a Trojan embedded file that I could not delete from a popular peer to peer network installation -LRB- name withheld -RRB- . I ran Mcafee at the time to protect my computer . Nothing discovered . Once my computer became flaky and unstable , I had to stabilize it in order to work the solution . I ran Mcafee 's free on-line scan -LRB- thinking that a superior virus scan for free would entice me to buy the product -RRB- . Still , nothing . The next day , I went onto Symantec 's site -LRB- rejoined with Norton after a personal falling out -RRB- and downloaded the 14-day trial of antivirus pro 2004 and personal firewall . Well , it took a good day or two but once the computer was stable enough , Norton found it . However , the program on trial mode will require activation once anyone attempts to change their computer 's clock/date in order to stabilize the system . Well , I need to purchase this software at this point . Of course , using a license or activation code not from your own purchased copy will result in out of date virus definitions via Live Update . What this means - use the trial and see . If anyone likes what they see , then go out and buy it on-line or at a retailer nearby . However , NAV 2004 only works purchased annually for whatever number of licenses needed . I hear the support is bad but sometimes there are somethings that one must not give up on . I 've been there with numerous products . As of now on , no one is stopping me from buying the antivirus/personal firewall 2004 bundle . I hate to buy software but if you have been through what I have -LRB- reformatted my C
 Generally excellent anti-virus software , but did fail to catch a zipped email that locked up keyboard and mouse . Did n't like the $ 39 per event to repair the virus damage .
 I been online -LRB- internet -RRB- since 1994 and in all that time I only got one major virus . It was a minor one back in 2000 but at that time PC viruses were not the day to day thing they seem to be now.I was a big fan of Peter Norton since the Windows 3.1 days and when threats became a serious problem -LRB- about 2001 -RRB- I turned to his software . I was disappointed to learn that the company had been sold to Symantec and decided to try other solutions.McAfee was a good alternative , at the time , free evaluation period was 90 days , and the reviews were decent . Norton was about the same price but did n't offer upgrade deals at that time.The one major virus I got in all my many decades -LRB- 1 -RRB- of using the internet was while my PC was protected with McAfee . After the fall-out/data-reconstruction / and a whole lot of sweat I decided to give Norton another try.So far , fingers-crossed/knocking on wood , this has not happened again.I hear/see many complaints about NAV2004Pro making the PC boot-time take longer . Why ? If you want to make absolutely sure you are viri-free what 's an extra couple of seconds ... . and I do mean seconds . NAV2004Pro takes approx 15 seconds to boot my 1.8 Ghz/512MB PC than any other choice ... 15 seconds ! Geez , what does this say about people complaining ? '' I 'd rather get a virus than wait 15 extra seconds !!! `` The price-tag is a tad steep ... $ 69 Retail with no upgradable option . -LRB- Previous Version -RRB- But overall this is not only easy to set-up and maintain it also works pretty darn well . I recommended it to my parents -LRB- who are both over 60 -RRB- and so far they are viri free as well .
 I have been using this software for years . It is very good . It elimenates even deadly comp viruses , trojan horses , worms etc. I suggest that everyone should use NAV PRO in their comp.Thats all I would like to say .
 Great for walking you through the steps of Quickbooks and keeping as a reference for later on the job .
 Learning Quickbooks 2008Found to be very helpful in learning the basic steps .
 This product will help you understand the way automated transactions work and how to manage your money better in an ever developing technological world .
 Overall good way to learn the various aspects of the sorftware .
 great product , simple to use , after short training from accountant , it is in and running .
 I was a little diappointed when I found out that I would have to buy more versions to get continued training on this subject . .
 I have to admit I feel quite ambivalent toward Symantec products . Back in the 80s Peter Norton 's software was mean and lean , doing well what they were designed to do . Then Symantec bought Norton out and the software , like Windows itself , became bloatware with lots of bugs and secret registry entries that would just screw up your PC.I do n't now if Symantec ever listens to its customers . Well , since they offer generous rebates , and we customers jump on them , I guess they do n't have to listen to us.Anyway , Norton Antivirus 2004 finally came out . It , at long last , has one feature that I had been writing Symantec about for years
 I have been using Norton 2004 for a few weeks now . I 'm running a P4 with only 256RAM . Yet I 've not seen one single problem with it that some people are mentioning . Plus I have 2 family members running it on slower machines w/o problems . I did see one person have major problems with their machine after installing Norton 2004 , but the reason for it was because they had a worm on their system . Norton did n't create the problem , because they were already having trouble before that , it just found the problem -LRB- but could n't correct it because the worm had been on for a long period of time -RRB- . Try keeping your windows updates current , and you should n't have any trouble with Norton 2004 .
 I followed the instructions to the letter , with Emergency Recovery disks , all applications closed & so on . Installation was S-L-O-W , do n't be in a hurry when you do this -LRB- I use a Celeron 1.2 Ghz with 512Mb RAM -RRB- . Also at first my PC ran slowly too , web pages especially took forever to load then appeared in a flash , as if the Web connection was in trouble . A Re boot solved that & there has n't been a re-occurence since.The Virus file update following install was fine & quick , but the re-scan for troublesome files took FOREVER , over 30 minutes on my 60Gbyte drive ! -LRB- with 20 Gbyte of data on it -RRB- It turned up no viruses but highlighted some unwanted , nasty , intrusive MalWare & rogue dialers , so I 'm happy with the results.One MAJOR bone of contention is you 're only given 1 year 's worth of virus file updates . This is a definite No-No when you pay $ 50 for this software . I 'd expect at least 2 years , preferably 3 . Obviously Norton has taken a page out of Microsoft 's book.The PC runs fine , no blue screen -LRB- yet ! -RRB- no noticable slow downs -LRB- I know people who have this trouble -RRB- & all my peripherals work -LRB- I know someone who 's digital camera wo n't connect when Norton is running -RRB- . Relieved ? Yes , I use my PC for studying & work so now I 'm a happier knowing a virus attack is a lot less likely .
 I have a very recent copy of Norton Internet Security -LRB- non-family -RRB- running on Windows XP Pro . I have the latest updates too . However , I discover that the antivirus program will not complete a scan of my computer because it hangs on a Java file . The only way I can get it to run a complete scan is by going into Safe Mode . This , unfortunately , is not a minor matter.The Auto Protect function also slows things down -- sometimes dramatically . I have an Intel 3.0 processor , 1 Gb of RAM , 2 SATA hard drives , etc , . so my computer is n't exactly slow either.Nonetheless , it would be an excellent program if Norton would just remedy the Java problem . Until then , there are other antivirus programs which work well .
 Despite the numerous bad reviews seen here on Amazon.com , I just upgraded from Norton Antivirus 2003 to 2004 . I was expecting the worst case scenario
 I have sort of evolved into the computer techie for my extended family and therefore am responsible for the digital health of about a dozen computers and a couple dozen people . That is quite a responsibility . Since many computers come equipped with McAfee and various other antivirus programs . Some did not heed my advice and they went and downloaded the freeware antivirus utilities . This may be coincidence , but without fail every single one of those individuals -LRB- about 5 or 6 computers in all -RRB- ended up being knocked out of commission by viruses . On the computers that have had Norton on them , since 1999 , I have not had one instance of a virus.I know that this experience is n't everybody 's , and I know that no program can stop all viruses all the time , but so far Norton has a perfect record for me , so I will keep using it . Now that they have developed the Bloodhound feature to protect against new and unknown viruses , I 'm assuming that it will be even better.My one warning is that right out of the box , Live Update is not activated . I do n't know why this is as many of my family who have installed it themselves do not manually activate it -LRB- since they did n't know they had to -RRB- and therefore operate with really old virus definitions until I go into the settings and turn LiveUpdate on.I have not hesitate to recommended Norton for every computer that my extended family has purchased . The never-ending rebates which often reduce the price of the software to almost nothing are great too . My recommendation is obvious
 This disk came in handy after my hard drivehad to be wiped clean due to a windowsoperating file going corrupt , it provide amininal security untill I could connect toNorton 's web site safely and get my Norton ` srestored and upgraded , since I did not have adisk to do so , as Nortons was pe-installedat the factory where I ordered my pc .
 I have recently bought this product ; just to update my previous version that came pre-installed on my laptop . Contrary to some other user experiences , I did not face any problem in installing , activating or registering it . My computer has remained virus free during the trial period of previous version and I hope to continue to keep my data protected from viruses by using this software .
 MY brand new PC with XP had begun to freeze due to an ad ware program that would allow pop-ups to invade even when explorer was closed . Adware program hunters did nothing . Firewalls did nothing.Norton 2002 did nothing . After purchasing and configuring Norton 2004 the malicious script had been eliminated and the problem was gone.Regarding the issue of keeping the software up to date all I have to say is - of course ! Any soft ware has to be configured . This software can be easily configured to AUTOMATICALLY download new virus definitions daily , scan your computer for all known threats daily , scan all incoming and outgoing email , scan all websites visited , all without the user having to remember anything.Just spend 15 minutes learning about the program and configuring it when you get it home . This program is indispensible .
 Norton AntiVirus 2004 is the best anti-virus that is out in the market today . It is reliable , has regular virus updates , and the user interface is clean and straightforward . Unlike all of the other users who gave this bad reviews on the program malfunctioning , I had no trouble at all installing and using this program . If you are a computer gamer or you have an older computer , one thing that I would recommend doing is changing the auto protect options from comprehensive to smart-scan . This helps to boost system performance on intensive operations , such as gaming , and Norton AntiVirus still is very thorough in virus detection . It increased my performance quite a bit , even with an Athlon 2400 + . The reason I did not choose Norton 's biggest competition , McAfee VirusScan , is that it does n't have a streamlined program interface and it just took too many system resources which results in lower system performance . I would recommend Norton AntiVirus over McAfee anyday . Also , with any antivirus that you may buy , be sure that you update your anti-virus software on a regular basis , because viruses are written all the time and if you have out of date virus protection , a top of the line antivirus product still will not do you any good , so update often !
 I 'll keep this brief
 I 've been using Norton Anti-Virus products for the past 8 years . As a webmaster and Internet professional , I would be lost without the protection this product provides . More times than I can count , Symantec/Norton products have saved my computer and my files from dangerous software viruses , worms and other malicious programs . I keep my virus definitions up to date at all times.Just recently , I discovered to my delight that my virus software was also safeguarding my system from spyware , that software that looks innocent , but that gets on your system through tool bars -LRB- like the MSN toolbar -RRB- and gathers information about you or your surfing habits.Even better news is that Symantec -LRB- the owner of Norton Anti-Virus -RRB- is getting into the anti-SPAM business . I ca n't think of a smarter and more effective company to help with that huge problem!As far as the tech support issue on Norton is concerned , if you first use the very helpful and extensive database of information Norton has developed on their website , you will find that you have almost no need to ever even contact tech support . I have personally never had any problems with tech support , but that may be because I try to do my homework first . If you try to contact tech support in the middle of a new and large virus attack , it is understandable that you will have to wait for help . This would be true no matter which virus software you select.The people who have problems with Norton usually do one or more of the following :1 . Do not keep their virus definitions current .2 . Are not careful about downloading programs , games , music files , and screensavers from companies they do not know .3 . Do not read the directions for the program4 . Do not use the information available on the symantec.com website5 . Do not regularly scan their computer for viruses.The malicious programmers who are trying to cause problems with your computer are a very aggressive and active bunch . This means that if you want to protect yourself , you will not be able to get by with a passive defense . Norton is a tool , but like any tool , it is useful if you use it properly .
 I can run this on a 450mhz machine NO PROBLEM with NO ERRORS and it catches everything . I also have AD-AWARE to get rid of Spyware and AVG -LRB- its free -RRB- just in case Norton misses anything , but Norton usually gets everything.I mean people who can not use this software should take a computer class or something . I installed the thing in ten minutes . I takes up massive resources and time when running , but you can still run it in the background but you are supposed to run it when not doing anything at all!I would suspect that the negative reviews here are from the competition . This product works without a problem . If you have a problem than I seriously recommended spending money on learning how to use a computer first . My 6 year old could install it .
 Uh hello , people follow the directions ! It is n't an upgrade because it 's not supposed to be ! No one upgrades from 2002 to 2004 . Who does that ? Get rid of the old version and install the 2004 version . It works just fine for me . If you follow the instructions and do what it says then it works just fine . Of course your computer system has to be ready to handle the software so duh ! check the system requirements . Its really not that hard . This works better than McAfee .
 no problems what so ever NAV will always be the best ... - = NT sysadmin = -
 I PERCHEES NEW PC SO PLZSEND ME FREE DOWNLOAD VERSION OF NORTON FOR WINDOWS XP VERSIONWHICH PROTECT MY PC FROM ALL VIRUESES
 I 've used Norton Sytem Works 2003 and had problems . I had touninstall . Unstalling systems works is a bugger . Because youhave to make sure that you remove all traces of it . Like cleaningit out of the registry . But now I just use Norton Antivirus.It 's less complicated and it runs very well . No problems as ofyet . I use it in conjuction with AD Aware , and Spy Bot searchand destroy . It does n't seem to slow down my PC , Alienware a51p4 1024 ram . And to those who complain about Nortons functionsrunning in the backround . You do know that you can go into theoptions and shut down any unnecessary function you do n't want running in the backround . ie ... live update , and automated virusscanning .
 I have used Norton Antivirus since it infancy as a MS-DOS program . I have stuck with the program because it works and works well , and with each new release it works even better . For those who use Norton Antivirus 2003 , there is little difference in the program , and perhaps the primary reason to move the newer version is the renewed subscription you will receive ; the interface is the same . Rather than radically changing the program from year to year , Symantec has made little improvements which enhance overall performance . The results have been the consistency of a program that does the job of stopping viruses and does it well.Installation : Installation of Norton Antivirus 2004 is as straight forward as it is easy . Barring any gaffes , the program will install and then ask you to register with Symantec which I recommend since this will setup the virus signature subscription program which lasts a year.Technical Note
 That was an OEM and I did n't expect more than a CD-ROM . Nisofts provided me with a Norton Antivirus 2004 , which was installed flawlessly . They reacted fast to Amazon order and they shipped the software fast . They deserve five stars .
 I saw all of the negative reviews and I nearly walked away from purchasing the NAV 2004 ... I am glad that I still bought it . It has worked flawlessly . First off , I followed the installation directions completely -LRB- making note of my XP firewall , etc. -RRB- and it installed without a hitch . I use Microsoft Outlook as my mail client and the Anti-spam feature has been terrific . It does miss some spam , but the majority of the spam -LRB- around 80 % -RRB- of it is deposited in the Spam folder . I can handle the one or two spam messages a day as it gets rid of the other 10 without me even seeing it . I have been pleased with the Antivirus protection as well .
 Click on my name to see that I have actually written over 100 reviews of various products including non-computer related material.Anyway I got this software because I had always been using the free AVG software -LRB- it is very good -RRB- and wanted to try something more mainstream . So I got Norton AntiVirus 2004 and it found several infected files that AVG did not find . After running a scan using Ad-Aware -LRB- another great free spyware program -RRB- Norton also found files that Ad-Aware missed . I always use patches and Norton found new stuff.I have never had a problem with the software . It did what I wanted it to do . A quick search of the internet unveils mostly positive remarks about this software.This has led me to believe that the negative reviews are simply coming from competitors . So you know what to do there - avoid the competitor for one simple reason alone . If they are out to slice and dice good solid programs that you can sure as hell bet that they are going to take any critic of their own.The only critic I have of this software is that it can take a long time to scan large systems and does hog a lot memory so I simply run it when I am not doing anything on my machine.Good product .
 The product is good w/out any doubt . My disappointment is in that you have to watch out for the rebate . I guess it is my own fault , but I thought that I would get the $ 20 rebate . Since I did not own a previous version of Norton 's , I did not recieve the rebate . I could have gone to Wal-mart and bought the product cheaper !
 I find the negative reviews of this software confusing . I have been using Norton for approximately 5 years . I bought up to a Dell Pentium 4 system a few months ago , installed Norton Antivirus that came with my Norton Internet Security -LRB- I also use Norton Systemworks -RRB- , and have had absolutely no problems . The software works great , my computer system works great , and with frequent automatic updates , my computer has remained virus free .
 I have n't experienced any of the difficulties that others have noticed with this product so far . I upgraded from a previous version of NAV . The readme file did say that there might be an error upon running the first scan for users that had upgraded , but this was quickly fixed by running LiveUpdate and downloading the program update . Symantec 's web page gave instructions on how to do this . For anyone considering buying this product , I would just be sure to check the system requirements first .
 After reading all the negative posts it was with more then a little trepidation that I decided to upgrade from Norton Antivirus 2003 to 2004 . I followed the exact instructions in the `` User 's Guide '' on how to `` Prepare Your Computer '' and inserted the CD . I then carefully followed the instructions on how to install the program and guess what ? No problems , no discernable slow downs , no system instability , no crashes , no fatal errors and no blue screen of death.I 've had it running now for 6 days and it 's a slick program that does everything it 's advertised to do . Could it be that following the instructions that Symantec provided is the key to a successful install ? I 'd have to say the answer to that question is apparently a resounding YES . Especially the instructions they provide in the `` User 's Guide '' regarding how to `` Prepare Your Computer . `` FYI - I 'm running a 2.2 GHz P4 with 512 MB of RAM
 I 've been using nortons antivirus 2004 for a for about a week now and hav n't had any problems running . I up graded from 2003and My computer has n't slowed down at all . I have a 1.3 athlon4 512sdram notebook . I know another person running it on there pen 4 notbook and they hav n't had anyproblems at all either.It is worth buying or upgrading
 I 'm an IT professional who has used Norton exclusively for several years and I 've never had a problem with their software or viruses . I run Norton Antivirus on all of my computers . I also run Norton Internet Security -LRB- includes Norton Personal Firewall -RRB- on the ICS -LRB- shared internet -RRB- computer . Just make sure to keep the software and virus patterns up to date via the ` live update ' feature . If you do n't have a good antivirus/firewall software , you are just asking for trouble . That 's why I like Norton 's Internet Security a bit better . It includes Norton Antivirus , Norton Personal Firewall , Spam Control , and Parental Control , for just a few bucks more . INSTALL NOTE
 I 've had Norton SystemWorks and Personal Firewall 2004 on my home PC for the past 3 weeks . I am delighted with it . Anti-virus and the Personal Firewall continue to work 100 % as they have on previous versions . The new Anti-Spam works well ; and the new Password Manager is a gem ; it 's auto complete feature saves time and ; so far , has worked flawlessly.I questioned whether or not to update after reading previous reviews . Glad that I did .
 To be honest this is an indispensable item . Norton probably have the world 's best update system for computer viruses even though smaller FREE software packages do the exact same thing except they update later -LRB- using what Norton has found , and what other packages have discovered -RRB- but Norton still leads the field . If you want the best you have it here.Norton Installs without ANY problems . I have put it on several different systems , uninstalled it and it worked every time . IT IS A SLOW PACKAGE and can not be used in the background without a very fast machine or else you will be on a serious go-slow . For that reason do virus scanning when you are not doing anything on your PC . The Live updater is great and brings your system up to date with the latest viruses and AD-AWARE ! So you also get to find things that these types of FREE -LRB- and great -RRB- software packages offer . To be honest this is a must for any system.The only drawback I found was in the Norton File Protection system . This KEEPS files after you have deleted them from your recycle bin . You need to actually turn it off from the Norton Antivirus control panel and then go into the bin and delete items manually . This took me a few hours how to figure out properly but the documentation is online if you look for it.Although the package is slow - it is extremely solid , robust and finds those files that you need to remove . It may be a bulky added extra to your system but it will save your files some day and in this day and age you must have some protection -LRB- Try the FREE software packages out there like AVG and Ad-Aware to see what could be on your system ! -RRB- . Like I said I have never had any install/uninstall problems . It runs smoothly on Windows2000 and XP . It has never crashed on me . It finds the bad guys and kills them for me . It even finds files that the FREE software above can not.I would recommend it ... maybe insist on using this software when you can . If you have n't got it then get it .
 I upgraded to this Norton AV and found no problems . I have been using Norton products starting with their first utility in the old days of DOS only . Over the years I have found that most , if not all , problems with installation are due to various Windows versions and rarely the product itself . For best results your computer should have a robust amount of RAM . I am on the Internet 24/7 and download tons of stuff and get almost 1,000 e-mails a day and Norton has never let me down . I have never been hit with a virus or worm and I know that is due to Norton AV products .
 Norton 's AntiVirus 2004 is basically the same thing as 2003 with only a couple of new features , which , in my opinion , are not even worth paying for an upgrade . It 's just a ` touched-up ' version of 2003 . I was hoping for a lot of new features in this one , but they just are n't here . Yes , there is an expanded threat detection and a more comprehensive messenger scanner , but that 's it . If you are happy with 2003 , I would recommend skipping this version this year and buy next year 's version . There is not enough about this product that warrants an upgrade . I gave this 4-stars because it does work well , in my opinion , but I am very disappointed with ` new features ' . I almost wished I would have stayed with 2003 another year .
 I do n't get it . I have an Athlon 1.1 GB cpu with 256 megs of sd ram -LRB- no , it 's not DDR ram -RRB- running on Windows ME -LRB- not exactly a barn-burner of a system -RRB- . Installation of NAV 2004 went flawlessly , and it has worked perfectly in the 4 + weeks I 've had it . My DSL speed was BARELY affected ... still is lightening fast . As for my system , while it never was terribly swift , it was not noticebly affected by NAV 2004 . I am floored when I hear people complaining that their P4 systems with 512 megs of DDR ram have slowed to a crawl . I do n't get it .
 I have tried other antiviruses , and I have found this one to be the best , not giving me false detections of infection of vital files , and easy to use .
 I had some trouble after installing NAV 2004 , with the auto-protect option . but got it solved through their online tech-support even though it stinks that I ca n't just call Symantec without being charged an arm and a leg just to get some help . Anyway it 's running fine now and is great at blocking viruses and spyware .
 Just got my harddrive reformated -LRB- cleaned out and restored like brand new -RRB- by a ` computer tech ' , I believe they call it 're - imaging ' your ` harddrive ' . I installed ` Norton 2004 ' , works great , but remember , I just got my harddrive ` cleaned ' and ` restored ' like ` brand new ' after two years . My harddrive was so cluttered,left-over antiviruses,cd-rom games , and etc. . Remember , if you get your hardrive cleaned out , the ` computer tech ' will ask you for your ` recovery disks ' , alot of these new computers you buy these days do n't come with ` recovery disks ' any longer , they require you to make your own . I 'm thinking it might be a good idea to get my harddrive ` cleaned out ' every two to three years to keep my computer running up to peak . Next time I buy a computer , I 'll look for another one with ` recovery disks ' , all my present computers have the factory made ` recovery disks ' , just lucky for now .
 I actually own the System Works Package which includes NAV 2004 and have no problems installing it on either a Pentium III , Windows Me or my Pentium 4 , Windows XP systems . Why are most of the bad reviews refering to Norton Internet Security when the product is NAV ?? A problem may be that people are running Ad-blocking software that is n't compatible with many programs . The answer is use a web browser with ad-blocking built in , such as Netscape or Mozilla and stop using the awfully insecure Internet Explorer . Of course it slows down your system , it 's another piece of software using memory and processor time . Not to mention the instructions clearly state , UNINSTALL the previous versions of Norton Antivirus/internet security/system works BEFORE attempting to install the new version .
 This product installed without a problem and links seamlessly to all applications -LRB- MS Word , Excel , Visio -RRB- which I use regularly . I did not test all the bells and whistles , but I like the OCR recognition of PDF files . No need to scan files , and OCR accuracy is flawless . Highly recommended , if you need to output and process PDF files . It 's a bargain compared to the full Adobe Acrobat application .
 I have not used this product for very long , and was somewhat reluctant to purchase another brand besides Adobe who seem to dominate in this softward category , but I have , so far , been plaesantly surprised with the performance & features . The ScanSoft PDF Converter Pro 4 software seems to do all Adobe can do -LRB- and a little more -RRB- , at a fraction of the exhorbitant cost of Adobe Pro 8 ! . I 'm happy with my purchase thus far !
 Essential for Microsoft Office 2007 users running Windows Vista . Office 2007 already provides a PDF converter ; however , it does not allow for security , editing , or markup . PDF Converter does -- and without the Tech Support hassles at Adobe . Since my new HP computer came with Adobe Reader already installed in the Vista environment , I kept it as the default pdf reader , and I use PDF Converter Professional for actual , stand alone conversion or editing of pdf documents . PDF Converter had a very easy Custom Install feature . I disabled all Microft Office , Internet Explorer , and Outlook add-ins , and I installed the product . It all works together extremely well .
 Excellent product works as advertised and so simple to use . Product well packaged , arrived earlier than expected and in mint condition . ScanSoft responded with an eMail in a timely fashion acknowledging receipt of my Rebate paperwork and provided a pin number for me to access their site to check on it 's progress . But you know Rebates ... they take forever!PDF Converter 4 is not my only ScanSoft Product . I also use Paperport 10 and am extremely satisfied with that.My buying experience has always been positive with Amazon.com vendors , never a problem.John Mc LaughlinDaytona Beach , Florida
 I bought this product because I have an old 2003 Word program and am a writer . I wanted the convenience of a button to create pdfs like there once was in Word 2007 without downloading the program not to mention the expense . What I love about Nuance 's program is that it provides so many options and best of all it places a button right in the Word tool bar . Now I can create pdfs whenever I want to.Oh , I know there are programs out there that work through the printer and does the same thing and I 've used a couple of them . But I wanted something right in the Word tool bar that I could click.I gave this four stars because I have n't explored all the facets of this program yet . The main feature I wanted was there and that 's really all I wanted . As far as opening pdfs I 'm not sure how well that works . If it turns out that some areas of this program do n't work very well , I 'll uninstall it and maybe download Adobe Acrobat . but that takes so long to open.The editing also I have n't had a chance to test out . I just got a new computer which is why this whole process of evaluation was delayed . So far I like this program . It is a bit bulky though 86 MB , but I have a powerful computer with lots of memory so it can handle it.Cathy
 This product was a breeze to install and use . It does take a while for the program to open a pdf but to make a pdf it is quite a breeze . I would recommend the program to another person easily .
 ScanSoft PDF Converter 4 is an inexpensive pdf converter that compares favourably with Adobe Acrobat . It is easy to use . It can edit pdf files . It can compress pdf 's to save space and make them load faster . It can make fillable forms.I discovered that if you have Adobe Acrobat installed on your computer , you should uninstall it BEFORE installing ScanSoft PDF Converter . I did not do that , and I could not uninstall Adobe Acrobat afterwards . But I had previously upgraded the computer from Windows Me to Windows XP , and Adobe never worked right after that . I ca n't be sure , but to play it safe , uninstall Adobe Acrobat first . The directions do not mention that.PDF Converter has n't crashed on my computer , and it works as expected . It opens pdf 's that were made with Adobe just fine . The pdf 's it makes are compatible with Adobe version 6.0 and higher , and you can choose to make them compatible with earlier versions of Adobe.Two quibbles
 I work in MS-Word quite a bit . I write reports that have photos incorporated in the document . Believe it or not , in this day and age not everyone has MS-Word but almost everyone has a PDF reader -LRB- Adobe Acrobat -RRB- . Or if they do n't they can download it . So what am I getting at here . . simply that with the click of a button PDF 4 Pro converts my word document to a PDF document in no time . Pictures , graphs , text everything.Then I can attach the PDF file and e-mail out to anyone I want . My recipients can open the document with Acrobat and not have to worry about having MS Word . It 's so simple to use . . load it up and it adds branded buttons to your ms word toolbar . . finish your document in MS Word . . hit the pdf button in your tool bar and PDF 4 Pro does the rest ! If you rest your mouse cursor over the PDF buttons on your toolbar it will tell you exactly what function will be provided . Example . . one button will convert and save , another button will convert and e-mail it for you . Amazing!If you are looking for a serious PDF Conversion and Create product . . this is the one !!
 PDF Converter 4 makes my life so much easier - I create a lot of reports for my job and being able to put them in pdf is a HUGE help for me and the clients I work for ... this is the first version I have used , but I have n't seen any problems with it . Being able to convert a PDF into Word/Excel is extremely helpful as well ! I used to go crazy not being able to edit PDFs I received ! I highly recommend the product - very easy to use , and definitely a value for the price !!!
 PDF Converter Professional 4 is the complete PDF solution . It is such an improvement over an earlier version I bought . I am able to edit PDF documents directly just like working in the original file instead of having to convert and create . It is such an ease to simply open the file in the reader and be able to edit , add , or mark up any document.If I am in a hurry and just need to convert or create it is even easier and simpler with the PDF Create and Converter Assistants . Simply right click and it is easier than ever to create or convert multiple files . It is a no brainer at $ 99.99 . I have used other programs and they do not give you a third the accuracy or abilities for the price . I find myself being even more productive and printing to PDF more with all of my files . It is a must buy .
 Easier to use and less expensive than Acrobat Pro . Designed to work with MS Vista . What a great piece of software . Everything is in one box to use like converting scanned files and directly from the web . The PDF converter assistant was a great feature which made everything easier to use . Just ca n't say enough .
 I have previously written a review of 3.0 which exhaustively details its limitations -LRB- do n't buy 3.0 no matter how low the price ! -RRB- , so no need to restate them here . PDF Converter 4.0 does what it promises
 After looking at the other reviews , I was a bit puzzled . I have n't had any of the problems other folks mention . PDF Converter Professional 4 does n't do everything that programs costing FIVE TIMES as much money . But , WHO CARES ? Background colors in a business form ? WHY ???? Do n't buy a Camry and say `` gee ... I liked my Lexus better . `` Most of you are going to buy this program to do one - or both - of these two things :1 -RRB- CONVERT PDF DOCUMENTS into completely editable Word docs , Excel Worksheets , or one of dozens of other formats ... 2 -RRB- COMBINE documents of various formats into a single pdf . Picture a CUSTOMER MANUAL that consists of Word , Excel , SolidWorks , Quicken , PowerPoint and Project documents . You want to put them all together in ONE document complete with Table of Contents , Bookmarks and Thumbnails . VOILA ! This is the proram for you!And for these purposes , PDF 4 Professional is SUPERB . It is EASY to use . We have SEVERAL users , and not one has had to refer to a manual or on line support.To put PDF Converter to the test , we recently scanned , then saved-as-a-pdf a crooked , not highly legible fax . We THEN converted it into a Word document , and roughly 90 % of it came through perfectly . AMAZING.HIGHLY Recommended !
 A great program for the money . Would purchase new version in the future . Arrived in a timely manner .
 I just have to say that I am so happy to have discovered this PDF maker software . It works easily with Vista unlike to review copy of Acrobat 8 . you can quickly print to pdf as well as edit pdf simply . Definitely well with the investment and so much less than acrobat too ! If you are looking for a way to create and edit pdfs this is an efficient solution .
 ScanSoft 's software package for dealing with PDF-files is very usable . All you can wish concerning making och converting PDF-files is there . Easy to understand and use , works quickly and without experienced problems . The price is affordable and the package is truly recommendable .
 I am happy I took a chance on this Scansoft conversion software because it does everything I hoped it would do , i.e. , it readily converts Word files and files scanned with Microsoft Office utilities to . pdf files . This software also allows printing material to a . pdf file . This Scansoft converter is very affordable for home use when one does not need the very expensive full version of Adobe Standard .
 This program is a must-have for anyone who needs to convert a Word document to a PDF file for e-mail purposes . Conversely , it is extremely convenient for converting a PDF file to a Word doc . Most importantly , it works and is easy to use .
 I have tried many programs to burn DVDs and have found this one to be the most reliable and easy to use . It 's a bit expensive compared to other software , but it is well worth the cost .
 The guy in charge called me and helped me get the right product after I placed the order . They had the foresight to call me and make sure that all was compatible with the computer nthat I have and its current software . The item was then delivered quickly and correctly . Love these guys
 `` A Latin Centered Curriculum is a gift to the learner , to the educator and to everyone in-between . The large stroke ideas have universal appeal and benefit , i.e. the quantum leaps in vocabulary , the spike in SAT scores . The details may be less appealing to some who look for a less structured approach to education . None-the-less , in the `` take what you like '' buffet A Latin Centered Curriculum has universal appeal . For those who are prepared to work A Latin Centered Curriculum will be at home on your bookshelf .
 `` The Latin Centered Curriculum
 This book is THE manual for why and how to implement a traditional , Latin-centered education in the homeschool . In a nutshell , a traditional Classical education is streamlined , focused on Latin and Greek , with fewer `` subjects '' than other methods , and built on a foundation of the principle of multum non multa , `` not many but much '' . This means that traditional Classical is `` simple but deep '' . Rather than attempting to shallowly cover a vast quantity of material , a few selections of the best are chosen , and are studied in great depth . Let 's face it , many many good resources are available , so many that it can be overwhelming . Why not simply have your student -LRB- s -RRB- focus on those few that are The Best?The bulk of the book is an outline of a K - 12 course of study based on this philosophy . The information is organized by subject area -LRB- e.g. Latin -RRB- . Campbell gives a general overview of what you should hope to accomplish in each stage of the child 's schooling
 In The LCC , Campbell brings a much-needed perspective back to the table for those homeschoolers interested in a classical education for their kids . He presents what the term `` classical education '' used to mean ; how it differs from the `` neoclassical '' approach popularized by Susan Wise Bauer , Douglas Wilson , the Bluedorns , etc. ; and how homeschooling families can put such an approach into practice . It 's a slim volume , highly readable and very practical . For the historical and theoretical background , he draws heavily from Simmons ' Climbing Parnassus -LRB- highly recommended reading -RRB- . For the scope and sequence section , he draws heavily from Highlands Latin School/Memoria Press.The LCC is recommended for those interested in a more traditionally `` classical '' -- as opposed to a `` Great Books '' -- education . The emphasis , first and foremost , is on the classical languages , Latin and Greek . Campbell 's mantra is that less is indeed more
 Before discovering the Latin Centered Curriculum , I had become dissatisfied with our mode of homeschooling . I felt we were trying to cover too much , in too shallow a manner . Then I stumbled upon a sample chapter from LCC , and discovered the concept of `` Multum Non Multa ''
 Finally , a book on classical education that gets it right . I gave this a 4 instead of a 5 only because I thought a few points could have been fleshed out a bit more . The author makes many important points that need to be understood by classical educators in a way that is refreshing and easy to comprehend . Latin is important . `` Multum non multa '' - Not many things , but much ! Go deeply into a limited number of great books . Every homeschooler should at least borrow this book in order to understand where many of our great minds came from and how not to be overwhelmed with loads of curriculum . There are a few minor bugs in the book in relation to recommendations , but to the author 's credit he acknowledges that the parent must be flexible in using the material and schedules that are suggested in the book . Lots of good stuff in this one .
 I love this book . It 's simple , to the point and does not mince words . I would say that the Latin-Centered Curriculum is the best book on the market for the common home schooling questions of why and how . LCC is a stand alone curriculum or it can be the bones of a broader education . I 've found for myself with the subjects required in my state I have to do very little adding.I recommend this slim book to everyone !
 The Latin Centered Curriculumby Andrew CampbellBasically a how-to manual on giving your child the best education you possibly can , the Latin Centered Curriculum -LRB- LCC -RRB- is a book that bases it 's ideology on the education the Greeks and Romans gave to their kids.It starts out with apologetics ... why you should follow the LCC , and puts forth great arguments both for it and against it 's detractors.Then it tells you how to do it ... giving outlines , sample schedules and in depth descriptions of the courses of study and recommended texts.The most amazing aspect of the book is that it fits all this into 160 pages ... -LRB- not including the appendices -RRB- but then , that is the beauty of of the LCC ... the ideal of Much , not many ... about which you can read more either in the book itself.I found myself agreeing with the book , nodding my head and thinking with pleasure of all the things my children and I will be learning in the years to come!It was hard not to get up and start right away ... A must read for all Classical Homeschoolers ! Drew Campbell has provided us all with an amazing resource.The book is fantastic ... definitely bedside table material .
 I 've been frustrated with the current definitions of ` classical education ' for some time . Many have latched on to Dorothy Sayers ' essay and its innovative redefinitions of medieval subject areas as phases of learning . The author of this book does a good job explaining the true definitions of classical education and applying this framework to a modern classroom -LRB- or homeschool classroom -RRB- setting . He also provides a sample schedule from Kindergarten up through 12th grade -LRB- so , yes , this book is useful to teachers of younger children as well -RRB- . I do not agree with some of his recommendations . For example , like another reviewer , I prefer the _ Minimus _ series to Prima Latina and Latina Christiana . Likewise , Campbell suggests Rod and Staff for math , while I prefer Saxon . His specific textbook recommendations , however , are not a fatal flaw . One can use Campbell 's suggestions and sample schedule as a guide and then adjust and adapt as necessary.I highly recommend this book for people interested in a more traditional classical curriculum .
 I decided to read this book after hearing a homeschool mom discuss it at ` curriculum night ' . It intrigued me enough to read it . My thoughts were skeptical before reading it . Why would I want to waste my time with Latin ? Why would this ancient language be at the core of my curriculum ? And I do n't have a background in Latin either . Anyway , the book made a great case so I decided to try it . I have to say we 've been doing it now for several months and I love it . I love the ` quality over quantity ' approach . We do n't necessarily spend less time doing schoolwork , but our schoolwork is focused on what is most important . I get my Latin programs from memoria press . They are easy to teach and thorough . I no longer feel like I 'm rushing around trying to cram too much into one day . My son is retaining what he 's learning . Our prior curriculum had an extensive reading list . I always felt like I 'd never get all of it done in a day so we 'd rush through it and on to the next thing . I 'd give this book 6 stars if I could . And I now LOVE LATIN !
 This program has everything you need to keep track of all essential football stats and it 's easy to use . I could n't do without it , and I highly recommend it for coaches of young players through college .
 Great program . Well-designed . Lots of nice features . I especially like the HTML function so I can email my game stats to my parents each week .
 I have found this program to be very easy to use . It has all the normal football statistics . Keeping stats has changed from being a nightmare to an easy dream job . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I have found that this product is an excellent value.It is easy to use and has all the standard basketballstatistics . I would recommend it without hesitation .
 I have used this Basketball Statistics program with my boys basketball team for many years and it makes keeping up with individual and team stats as easy as 1-2-3 . It has been a lifesaver for me . I would recommend it without any reservations to anyone .
 My husband is a girls ' basketball coach , and I compile and update stats on each of his players . When he bought the Park Enterprises Basketball Statistics -LRB- BKSTATS -RRB- program three years ago , my knowledge of computers was very limited . However , the instructions were so clear and easy to follow , that I was able to begin using the program immediately . It has made keeping up with individual and team stats a breeze . I highly recommend this program !
 I was surprised to find Amazon listing this grand old product . CIC vanished years ago , this product is no longer available . More 's the shame . There 's no real substitute , you can try TextPlus if you dare .
 I worked with a coach a few years back who used this program.It was very useful , consumer friendly , and had great customer support , day and night .
 I have used this program with my team for several years and along with having everything you need , it is also easy to use . I highly recommend it .
 Excellent financial management program , easy to use . Budgeting , bill paying , portfolio , bank accounts , credit card accounts , mortgages and loans , tax management , and retirement planning are all handled with ease and accuracy . I do recommend that you get Peter Weverka 's book - `` Microsoft Money 2004 for Dummies '' if you would like to be able to use the program to the fullest extent with the least confusion . Together , they 're unbeatable !
 I used money for year and this was a great buy . It gave me the report that I needed to manage my budget
 My husband is in his 70s and he loves this software because it is so easy to use , and the tutorial that comes with it is so understandable and logical . He had an earlier edition and liked it so well that he upgraded to this 2004 edition . The program works great to keep us on-track , so that we do n't over-spend in our retirement years .
 The item I ordered was in great condition and the shipping was fast . Thanks !!!
 I have used this version for years but lost the disc during a recent move . My computer crashed and I needed `` THIS '' version to install and restore my backup disc and continue to use all of my information . I am a VERY happy customer !!!!!!
 This is my second purchase of Microsoft Money Deluxe . Purchase # 1 was for my own use . I personally found this tool to be an excellent means of managing my finances . The second purchase was for a relative who has never been able to manage their money responsibly.The jury is still out on that one .
 WOW ... It 's like leaving the kiddie software behind and switching to the real thing ... There is really no comparison.I used Quicken for 10 years , and back then Money was not as good , BUT IT IS NOW ... !!! It imported my Quicken 2003 files completely and I have not had one regret ... It took about a week to get completely comfortable with the different type of user interface ... Money 2004 is far more versatile , powerful and `` intuitive '' than Quicken ... I also Switched to `` Tax Cut '' from Turbo Tax , and Tax Cut is just as good , and there are no activation lock issues ...
 I used to be a Quicken user unitl i had a need to access and sychronize against both US and Canadian banks/brokerages . This was the main reason I switched to MS Money . I still think Quicken was the better product but it is useless to me now that I have accounts in more than one country .
 I think they did a very good job of branching out into the real world with this product . The credit reporting feature and the ease of setting up a savings account with ING was definitely novel.I like their portfolio management features overall . The unfortunate part is that the extras really do a great job of selling the product , not to mention the rebate . So is it marketing or quality ? You decide why you might keep it .
 I 've been a user of Quicken 2001 and this year decided to upgrade . After reading all of the negative reviews on here , I decided to first try MSN Money 2004 . It works great , but I was n't as comfortable with the way things are presented , so decided to also try Quicken 2004 Deluxe . Here are a few thoughts on the two programs :1 . Presentation-wise , I like Quicken better . On the view pages , boxes are lined up with each other , while Money just positions them as there is room . I also like Quicken 's graphs and charts a little more , and the fact that Quicken 's options allow you to see your net worth on the first page , while Money just shows account values on the first page so you have to click to another screen to see your net worth -RRB- .2 . On investments , I think Money gives you a lot more information , including information about your best and worst performing investments , etc. 3 . I think Money also has a bunch more features than Quicken might , and you get a lot of free options like MSN bill pay , free subscription to Money Magazine , etc.All said , I think either program is a decent choice . After using Quicken for 3 years , I think I 'm just a little more partial to Quicken just because it 's more what I 'm used to . Otherwise , Money I think gives you more bang for the buck.Just to let you all know , I have n't had any bug issues with either program . Not sure if the other posters screwed things up on their own or just got early versions of the software that were buggy , but things have been smooth with respect to both programs . I also have n't experienced a bombardment of advertisements as some users are reporting .
 You already have Money 2003 Deluxe . First , I have to say I love the MS Money product -LRB- s -RRB- and I would give it 5 stars to any new user . I use a lot of the features , but not all of them of course . Of the features that I use , I have yet to see a major reason/difference between the 2003 and 2004 version.The one interesting feature is the on-line credit report from Experian . Once you register , you get their credit score -LRB- not to be confused with a FICO score -RRB- and credit report . That was kinda cool.I purchased from another store , so I 'm not able to answer the main rebate question from Amazon that I had - Are there 2 $ $ in-box rebates ? However , there is one additional rebate that I did not know about . In the box there is a card to get a free year 's subscription to Money -LRB- or Fortune or Business 2.0 -RRB- for a year . Or , you can mail in the card for a $ $ rebate/refund . In summary , I would not get 2004 Deluxe if you have 2003 Deluxe . Unless , you get it a great price -LRB- like free with rebates , which may happen at tax time -RRB- . Or , you really need the credit report and can justify this feature for the cost .
 I used to be a big Quicken fan , but switched to Money a long time ago . The connectivity and richness of the interface just ca n't be beat . The auto statement download features make it worth the money.I bought the 2004 version to replace my 2003 version , but the only draw back is that there is n't much to justify the cost . It is more of an incremental upgrade . But what I would recommend is replacing every 2 years , or hold out for a very substantial rebate offer .
 This program has been helpful , though I am still adjusting . As I learn the new functions , I am liking it more and more , but the interface is not quite as simple as Money 98 . 98 's account listing page listed each account as an icon kind of like the Microsoft Windows Explorer hard drive view . You could select the `` file '' you wanted and it would open . Another feature that is no longer there is in the bill pay area . In the old version , I could select every bill I was going to pay , and see what my new balance would be . In this version , I can only forecast my balance one bill at a time , so I still have to write down all my bills on paper , add them , and make sure they are less than my account balance before I send them off.The '04 version has some upgrades that I really like though . It is able to predict my future spending in it 's graphs much more accurately . It looks at my past spending history and extrapolates it out forward.For example , the charts worked well for my checking account . I had monthly bills set up to be paid , and paychecks to be received , and in a six month forecast , it could tell me approximately what I would have , relatively accurately . However , for my credit cards , it was not so good . A six month forecast simply flatlined , because I do n't have any scheduled payments on my card . '04 is able to look at my past history of say gasoline purchases and see that I buy gas about once a week , and show me that at the end of next month I 'll probably owe about $ 100.00 , but it also includes all purchases , and is pretty close to what I owe on the card at the end of each month.It also has some good features on the online side of things . The program comes bundled with a rather extensive listing of Banks that have online services , and you can do a good deal with them . I work for a community bank in the San Francisco Bay area , about $ 2 Billion in assets , but nothing like a Wells Fargo or a B of A. I did n't expect it to be in there , but it was . So was my credit union that is only for employees of schools in the San Juaquin Valley in California.The online feature is able to download my statement from my bank and compare it to my entries in Money so that I can reconcile differences much more easily , and sooner , than if I use my mailed statement . *********************** Final Thoughts : The 2004 program is a very good , feature functional system that I have been using for about two months after upgrading from Money 98 which I used for 5 years . I am getting used to the differences and am growing to like it more and more .
 I 've tried to use Quicken for a numnber of months and have not really gotten anywhere . I have found that Money 's documentation is more robust , and , once you understand its logic and how to navigate its menu paths , it is easier to set up . I also like its abundance of reports and customized views that allow you to slice and dice your financial data in many different ways.Finally , because I like to be able to use financial data in Excel to build financial models of investments , I like the fact that I can easily export data from Money to Excel . -LRB- I 'm sure Quicken has a similar feature , but I am not sure how to use it . -RRB- The thing that frustrates me about both Quicken and Money is they are both vague on how to set up your financial accounts to download into the program . I have figured out one financial institution 's process because I found a link on their web page that gave me instructions . If either Quicken or Money developed a feature that would point a user to the exact place on a financial institution 's web page where there were such instructions , or where a customer service email/phone number was , I would give both programs 5 stars .
 I plan to purchase Money 2004 Deluxe in spite of other reviewers ' remarks that the improvements are not worth its cost . Costco sells it for $ 16.99 -LRB- list price of $ 46.99 less $ 30.00 rebate -RRB- . I am paying quarterly estimated federal income tax , and estimating it correctly is an important feature of the software . I am assuming , of course , that the 2004 version reflects recent changes in the federal income tax laws , such as the lower tax rate on dividends and capital gains , although I did not find that mentioned on the Microsoft website . I am quite satisfied with the 2003 version , and I expect the same from the 2004 version . One of my gripes is the formatting of printed reports . Quicken would adjust the font size to fit within the margins of a page . Money does not do that . So you end up with reports that do not fill between the margins , or that require two pages side by side , or that truncate entries in some columns . Tedious trial and error is required to find the best font size for a specific printout .
 I had been a steady user of Money 2000 first and then , Money 2003 . I popped the environmentally-friendly-packaged CD in my computer -LRB- minimal packaging , truly -RRB- and 5 minutes later , I was looking at my previous data , in the new environment of Money 2004 Deluxe . As for the advantages that it has to offer , I have yet to comment on that
 So you 're wondering whether to buy MS Money or Quicken . So you look at this page and read the reviews that say this is the worst piece of software ever written and how they wished they 'd bought Quicken . The you go to the Quicken reviews , and surprise surprise , you read essentially the same nonsense from people wishing they 'd bought Money . Now , I 'm willing to accept there may be some preference , but both pieces of software were given 5-stars by PC Magazine . They said there 's little difference between the two , and that both do an good job . I think what we 're seeing here is a battle between the software Talaban , not real reviews , similar to the fight between those who swear by PC vs. those who swear by Macs . I 've used both Quicken and Money 2004 . Both work fine .
 I like that Money 2004 will `` grab '' all of my transactions from my checking and credit card accounts . No more typing in every transaction !! It 's good to know the shortcut keys too
 This program is by far the best wrestling stats program that I have found . It was very easy for my manager to learn and has all the normal statistics . Printouts are clear and well-organized . The html capability is very handy . This is a very nice piece of software .
 I am pleased with it . However I am disappointed that the `` learn '' the word in the spelling is not enabled . I like it better than Microsoft word . However I liked MS works the best and they do n't make it anymore for apple .
 This is the best program from apple for the computer user that is not a expert in using a word or spreadsheet or many other programs . I do n't know why apple has removed it from the new mini-mac . I guess they just wanted to make you buy it . But it is worth the price , buy it and install it you will love it .
 Works as advertised ! If you have an old data base this will open it where Bento will not . Is will keep the older spreadsheets going too .
 This version of Appleworks works better than any previous version I 've used . Easier to use than Microsoft Software .
 I have been using Money for quite sometime and I find it to be a useful tool in all aspects . Whether you want an in dept financial standings or a brief one . Money has it and you can even sync it with MSN Money on the web .
 I agree that Money is a great product . I started on Money 98 and have upgraded to 2001 , 2003 and just bought 2004 . I have tried Quicken , I actually found Money easier to use , but I have spent hours tweaking its FULLY CUSTOMIZABLE interface . The best thing about Money is the integrated billpay however , the billpay is great , and with premium it is free for 2 years so that in itself is worth 120 dollars . Sure its Microsoft , but face it ... it is a microsoft world . Let me know when Quicken has a word processor and spreadsheat program that is the standard for use in the world . Hey pal , sorry you have to take 2 seconds and get a passport -LRB- or a hotmail address -RRB- .
 This product is perfect for tracking my investments & keeping all my informaiton in one place . It is the only financial software I trust .
 Even though updates are no longer supported . This program set-up nicely for beginners . Quickens offers supported software that accomplishes the same functions and has new encriptions and safeguards but does n't have the same look .
 Lost my original which was on 3 1/2 disk . Now I have CD 's . Last time my computer was worked on some software got removed . This was a replacement . Love product !!!
 I recommend this product . It 's a very nice software . And is very easy to learn .
 This is an old version , but still a good one , mainly for an old retired man who wants to organize its wealth the best possible .
 I have used Microsoft money for years , very simple to learn , I would n't use it for a business accounting software , but it works great for home finances . Just like having a checkbook register only faster .
 Helps me to balance my books and keep on top of my finances . Thanks to MM2004 I have a complete picture of my finances .
 As a Quicken user for over 10 years , this product is far superior to Quicken 2004 . The interface is different and takes a few days to get used to , but is relatively intuitive .
 very intuitive user interface , easy to use . I have finally abandoned Quicken after 10 years of use , and after Intuit has failed to produce a compelling version since 1999 . Money has good support for multiple currencies , and the upgrade was smooth and even fixed a longstanding discrepency in a cash account balance that I could never chase out of Quicken . My biggest complaint so far is that the portfolio update feature is really slow -LRB- about 3 minutes -RRB- , even with a 512 dsl . I do n't really have that much data ...
 The Park Enterprises Track & Field Statistics program is the best statistical software that I have encountered . It is easy to use and does an excellent job organizing your statistics . Printouts may be obtained for each meet for your bulletin board . You can also get each athlete 's performances in every event over the course of the season in a nice & neat , organized report at the season 's end . Another nice feature is that your athletes in each event can be rated based on their best effort during the season so you can easily determine the top 5 or top 10 or the entire bunch rated from top to bottom and print your list accordingly . This is an excellent piece of software and saved me a great deal of time . Every track coach should own it .
 I have been using this program for about five years and I feel that you can not beat it for the price.It gives your stats a professional look.It is not a live stat program.You have to enter your stat info into the program after you score a game.After the game info is entered all calculations are done for you and you can do game by game or total season stats with a clic of the mouse.You can also print out individual palyer stats.You can also e-mail your stats using the html option which was a little tricky at first.Support is excellant and you talk directly to the program designer not some call center.I also have Parks ' football live stat program and football scout program and I love them.I like his programs because they are not over done.I highly recommend this program especially for the beginerI also use high end programs -LRB- stat crew , turbo stats -RRB- but for basic professional stats this program is perfect
 My name is Len Novara . I am the Athletic Director at Murphysboro High School in Murphysboro , IL . I have been using Park Enterprises Software for athletic statistics for the last 14 years with every team I have coached or every team I have been associated with . Park Enterprises is the ideal software for any coach to use to manage team stats and other reports . Not only is it completely reliable , but owner/founder Jerry Park is always available for your technical support ! I encourage all of our district coaches in Murphysboro to keep accurate records by using the Park Enterprise Software , and I would encourage you to do the same .
 I 've been using MS Money for my personal accounts for years . I like it , and now after starting my own business , I especially like the price of Money Small Business compared to alternatives.The user from Western North Carolina -LRB- mmj ... -RRB- pointed out correctly that the except for printing , the Invoices are not very professionally looking . He 's absolutely correct unless you have the FREE PrimoPDF -LRB- from download.com -RRB- utility installed.This extremly handy utility -LRB- did I mention it is free ! -RRB- allows you to save your invoice as a PDF file , that looks just the way you layed it out!Just select PrimoPDF as your printer , select the name and location of your desired output file , screen or file quality option and you 're ready to rock and roll!This just made my day !!!
 I have been using the MS Money products ever since Windows 98 . I 've found it much easier to use than the usual accounting programs . In the past I have tried such programs as Peachtree and Quick Books , but found them far too difficult use and understand . It 's also very hard to make them work the way I want them to . I have worked the past 15 years in accounting , so you would think I could make these programs work for me , but that has n't been the case . On the other hand , Money is flexible and versatile enough that you can customize it to your wokr habits . The only part of it that is ` Business ' oriented is the Inventory section . Since I just started selling on Amazon and Ebay , I felt a need to track my inventory . Unfortunately , though , the Inventory section is just a place for you make a List of your inventory . It does not tie into any of your transactions , so you have to MANUALLY enter and remove the individual items as you buy or sell things . This is not very convenient for me . Now , I do n't bother to track items , just show them as Inventory Purchases , and log the gross sales . This is working well for me . You can set up as many accounts as you need , and you can enter new categories as needed . I highly recommend this program for anyone who needs to track their home expenses and also for anyone who does NOT need to track their sales to inventory . The inventory section would work very well for keeping up with your household assets , however .
 I 've used every version of MS Money since Money 97 -LRB- off and on -RRB- including Money 99 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 . There definitely was always room for some improvement but that 's true of everything . Money 2004 seems to be a major improvement . Fast , easy , down to earth , but not `` too stupid '' for a normal person . I have a nice graphical display of all my bank and credit card accounts in an easy to understand and useful format . This program has come a long way and is one of the coolest that I 've used in a while . Way to go Microsoft ! :-RRB- -LRB- Good price too on Standard Edition , anyway -RRB-
 I love Microsoft Money . I bought this version to save money . It is compatible with Windows Vista . Easy to use and keeps me organized . I have been a faithful Money user for years . I only use it to track personal finances so the low key , easy to nagivate program is perfect for me .
 Although now a seven year old version , it still remains a great standard personal money management program . My original Money 2004 came pre-loaded with my old computer , but my transfer of the program to my new computer was not successful . There seem to be no further new versions nor support from MS available - I was happy to learn there is a used market with proper proprietary MS code available . Program functioned perfectly after installation .
 I Bought -LRB- used good condition -RRB- Microsoft Money 2004 , from Barginbooksellers and am very pleased , My order arived in less time than expected and worked perfectly . I highly recomend Barginbooksellers . THANKS GOOD JOB !!!
 if you already use MS Money and for any reason you lose your program , it is a good option . .
 Very happy . Received very quickly . Kept up to date on progress via email . Product exactly as advertised , at a good price .
 This program has been very beneficial to me . My main purpose for buying it was to locate where most of my monthly spending was going , and that is now only one of the many features I use from this program .
 This item was perfect for my personal checking and savings account . Easy to balance my checkbook . I am very satisfied .
 this is old , yes , and i probably would n't buy it now -LRB- i got it used 2 years ago -RRB- but it definitely gets the job done without many quirks . i do n't like TOO many bells and whistles in my software , because they just confuse me and i do n't end up using them anyway . and this was good for that -- it was the perfect balance .
 I was very pleased to find the product I was looking for on amazon . com . The price was right , the service was fast , and the product works fine . Thank you very much for being there for me.Gerald -LRB- Jerry -RRB- ZiglarColumbus , OHio
 This is a top-notch money management program . It has a lot of great features and has helped me to streamline my finances . There are no more missed payments or over due bills thanks to the bill remiders and it can be synced with your Pocket PC . My roommate uses Quicken and I have tried it out and watched him use it . In my opinion Money 2004 is a much easier program to use , more user friendly . If you 're stuck between Quicken and Money , I would definitely recommend Money .
 I 'm very new to managing my finances electronically , but Microsoft Money made it extremely easy ! I have multiple accounts set up , and it ties right into my Pocket PC ! I can enter transactions and track my account while I 'm on the go ! This tool has been indispensible , the reports it provides are in depth and easy to understand . Worth every cent I paid for it , so what if it 's made by Microsoft , it 's great software !
 2004 Standard Moneys for under 20 bucks ! booya ! - Gnome
 In comparison to the competition , MS Money 2004 is really a superior product . I had been a Quicken user for years , and the change was easy and refreshing . I am not a financial mogul , nor am I an extremely diversified individual , but the features in Money go far beyond my needs . I 'll be perfectly honest , I bought the program to have an updated checkbook register , and I have come to find the other features almost as useful.I 'll summarize my favorite items :1 . The budgeting feature that allows you to customize and categorize your weekly , monthly and annual expenditures . This is really a handy feature for trying to stay within a budget , and the program clearly ties the outcome of the budget to savings goals .2 . The reporting features . At first , the sheer volume of report types that you can generate is a bit intimidating , but after a few times of working through what was available , it became clear the select few that I liked . Another handy feature is the fact that Money will save the settings of each report independently . I find that the best report is the monthly report , as it tracks your top expenditure categories , how you are doing on your savings , and how your net worth and investments are changing over time . Really a pretty useful thing to look at once a month .3 . The debt reduction feature . If you have a lot of loan , credit card or mortgage debt , this feature will be a great tool . You can select debt accounts that you want included in the calculation , tell Money how much you want to spend each month , and it will calculate the most effective way to make monthly payments for each of the loans to get you out of debt ASAP . Really a nice feature , and the best part is that you can run several scenarios very easily so that you will get a quick feeling for how much money you will save in the long run if you pay 500 a month vs. 250.4 . The feature that ties it all together for me is the monthly bill pay feature . While it is possible to use Money to get your account balances and pay your bills on-line -LRB- if your bank will let you -RRB- , this feature will simply let you create a list of all of your monthly bills , paydays , and other recurring expenses/credits . Then , you can see what bills to pay in between what paychecks , and maximize the use of your money for a given period of time . Of course , the debt reduction feature is integrated into the bill summary , and the bill summary outputs to the monthly budget ! Really a nicely done and tidy little package.Before software like this existed , I used to do all of the same tasks , but keep them all on a MS Excel spreadsheet , which required a lot of extra work on my part , and really did n't look as good at the end of the month . Suffice it to say that MS Money 2004 really gives you more data , and more options , than you will want , but does n't clutter up the program by making you wade through them . The interface and data entry methods are all very clear and straightforward.That being said , often times people have a certain way that they like to do their finances . You may like to transfer money between accounts , or you may have odd types of accounts . In some cases , the program does n't easily recognize what you are doing . For instance , I would make weekly savings deposits , but the program kept telling me that I should start making savings deposits or else I would n't meet my savings goals ! I tried everything but eventually just learned to live with it -LRB- and then for some reason it started working -RRB- . I think that the documentation for the program -LRB- all in the form of a help file -RRB- is good , but misses a lot in how to completely customize the program to capture the nuances of your financial plan . Despite that , I wholeheartedly recommend this program to both the financial fanatic and the average person with a checking account .
 I find this software is a good tool to help me track spending and investments , though it does have some annoying flaws . The first is the forecasting that it does on accounts is worthless , it takes an asset account that receives a nominal increase monthly and projects a two month increase far in excess of what the historical trends , and common sense , would suggest . It does this as well with credit accounts , for instance I had a credit account with $ 700 with a 6 month no interest period , over a 5 month period , with monthy payments and no interest , it was paid down to $ 35 , the forecast tool took this information and predicted in two months the account would be at - $ 5,000 . Other annoying things , the prompt on the home page that I should enter the monthly interest on my AMEX card , the advertisements and notices that my money would do better in accounts held by advertisers , the difficulty enterering the actual price paid on fractional share purchases , and the difficulty in handling the mortgage payment transactions when part of the monthly payment goes to a escrow account to pay taxes and home insurance.That said , the product is a good tool for househiold budgeting and financial record keeping .
 I 'm not quite sure what everyone has been having trouble with ... I started using Money 2003 , soon after it was released , and was very happy with it . I 'm not convinced that the upgrade was worthwhile , but Money has certainly done the trick . I 've had no problems connecting to my accounts , setting up budgets , creating and viewing reports , etc. . . Yes , it is a glorified spreadsheet , but Money saves me a ton of time , and I 've found it to be a wonderful tool .
 These Are Very Hard To Find I Love The Box And The Cd Cardz Are Awesome They Have A Lot Of Content :D 5 Stars
 I 've tried all the big names . Easy CD Creator , Nero Burning Rom , and even the yucky software that came with my CDRW , HP Writer . I bought Click 'n Burn a few weeks ago , and have since deleted all the other software off my system.Click 'n Burn is way faster at burning cd 's than any of the others -LRB- and buries Adaptec -RRB- . It 's got a great interface and is very user friendly . It 's got the `` wizard '' so you can copy a cd with a click of a button , or use the full application.This also came with a CD Stomper and label creation software , as well as a few labels.I truly believe this is the best burning software out there !
 When I installed Windows Me on my computer , I found out that the CD-RW software that came with my computer did n't work with Windows Me.I found out that the latest version of Adaptec/Roxio 's Easy CD Creator -LRB- ECDC -RRB- is compatible with Me , IF you download the patch . I was considering buying ECDC , but read some of the unflattering reviews of it here ... Instead , I got Click 'n Burn for a LOT cheaper , and it 's compatible with Windows Me right out of the box . It also seems a lot easier to use than ECDC , and comes with a great utility for printing CD labels.I would also add that Click 'n Burn takes up far less hard drive space , and burns CDs considerably faster than ECDC.Overall , a much more efficient product .
 Beleive all the good things written about this product ! I had several problems with the bundled software that came with my HP CD Writer -LRB- 8220E with `` My CD '' and `` Direct CD '' software -RRB- . I have a Compaq laptop with a 475mhz AMD processor , not exactly the greatest , but more than sufficient for my needs . The bundled software had a 50/50 chance of making a usable CD , errors regarding ` defective CD ' kept popping up in the middle of the burn destroying the disc . Tried receiving support through HP and like everyone else says , no help at all . I even borrowed a friends Adaptec CD Creator and was disappointed with the software-just too much ... and I still made coasters !! Finally read all the good things about `` Click and Burn Pro '' and decided to buy it . AWESOME , have not made a coaster yet in the 2 weeks I 've used it to burn copies of CD 's , mixed CD 's , and data CD 's . The interface is very easy to use and the software configures your write speed for best results -LRB- you could also set everything manually to customize your way -RRB- . You will not be disappointed with this product . The only downside is that if you let the sofware configure your write speed it bumps it down causing longer burns , but like I said NO COASTERS !!! Also comes with a stomper and CD labeler software that 's just as easy to use .
 This has to be the easiest and best featured MP3 program I have tried . After trying the Data Becker MP3 `` Trash Your Computer '' Wizard , I was very hesitant to try anything else . But I did try several . Some programs were ok , but none compared to this one . Ease of use , excellent features and affordability makes this a great buy for me . I highly recommend Click 'n Burn for novices and more experienced users alike . Way to go Stomp !
 I have found my Click 'n Burn Pro easier to use than either Easy CD Creator or Nero 6 . I also had the failed-burn CD-coaster problem at first , but I found that the product has additional choices for the burn process , which allow the caching of files . Ever since I 've cached the files , whether audio or data , I 've never had a failed burn . The main opening screen needs to be accessed , and one of the icons allows `` options , '' which will allow the caching.My only reservation -- which I hope will be addressed by the newest version -- is that the product does n't seem to handle CD-RW disks , allowing the copying of individual files using Windows Explorer . In this area , Easy CD Creator and Nero 6 seem superior -- especially the latter , since ECDC has never listed my external Sony CD-R -LRB- W -RRB- drive as supported , in contrast to Nero 6 .
 I bought the Click 'n Burn 1.5 and it is so cool you can burn cd 's in no time !!!!! i 'm going to buy the new version for my cuzin for his graduation he will love it !!! So will you if you buy this product . You wo n't need to bother your friend anymore to burn cd 's for you , because you will have the totaly AWSOME Click 'n Burn 1.5 !!!
 I am a teacher of 3rd and 4th graders and love this product . The students have a great time creating their books -- they love that they can make their own choices , using their own names , friends and family , pets , etc. -- and the stories are more personal and fun than any other book they have.To get to print the stories and have them professionally bound is such a treat . We can make a group book and then save it in the classroom for all future classes to read.The kids also want to make their own books to give to their grandparents for the holidays.As their teacher , my favorite part is that they learn so much more vocabulary along the way . It 's just such fun and the kids are really being immersed in a total reading and writing environment . Highly recommended !!
 Think Adlibs ... you are asked to contribute to a story and get to be creative . Then you read the chapter you 've just worked on . I loved this so much . I ordered it to do with my daughter but she 's in bed and I 'm still playing with it.Very educational . Fabulous gift for Christmas
 We purchased this software for our 8 year old and he loves it ! He spent all Christmas day working on the computer writing different stories and editing them . I sat with him for over an hour writing several chapters and had a blast doing it ! Reading through the finished story we wrote together was hilarious and we will be writing many more I am sure . It 's a great educational tool because he learned several words like `` enslave '' that he did n't know . We look forward to ordering one of his future stories in hardback . I would recommend this software to anyone with a child who is an avid reader . Easy to use , easy to setup .
 This is a wonderful game because you get tips from the author John Lithgow . They are very well-chosen tips . You should definitely get this . Kids who like to listen to stories , read books and write books would just love this CD .
 This is awesome ! We just bought this product and we love it ! It was different than expected , but both kids -LRB- ages & 11 -RRB- have made one book so far , we 've printed it , an they 've been read a few times , and we just started yesterday ! They enjoyed making their own creations . On top of this , John narrates and tells the kids the main parts of stories AND he tells them why those parts are needed in a story . This is definitely a thumbs up !
 I purchased this item for my 8 year old granddaughter for Christmas . She loves to write and has found this item to be a lot of fun . She has found it very easy to use and a great help in creating her stories .
 We recently bought aSony DCR-DVD308 DVD Camcorder + Lenses + Filters + Pro Accessory Kit , took it on vacation and wanted to create video DVDs when we got home . We tried Windows Movie Maker , but had nothing but problems.We bought this software on the recommendation of a friend who has been working with it for a while . It installed on our XP system with no problem and has been working great . Had to use the HELP file several times , but we 're really pleased with our first efforts at movie production.We now have a new computer running Vista , a Gateway GM5632E . We installed the software easily and , so far , it has been working great.It is frustrating that so many of the extras seem to be available , but really are n't . We will probably be upgrading soon .
 I bought this years ago , loved it because it was easy to learn and get good results . I upgraded to version 12 and last week bought the upgrade for version 14 -LRB- skipped 13 -RRB- . : -RRB-
 I am by no means a computer expert . I recently received a digital video camera and could n't figure out how to download the videos to my computer and make a movie with the software packaged with the camera . I purchased Pinnacle Studios and am making movies like a pro . Very user friendly , simple to operate and loaded with options for when I become more advanced .
 This program works great with Vista . I really have likes every Pinnacle product I 've tried . However , I am disappointed that there is no timing display for editing like Windows Movie Maker has . This feature is invaluable when getting your timing in sync with background music . But Studio is a much superior product in every other way .
 I purchased Studio 11 to make a slide show . As it turned out , I made a video including mostly photos and also some `` movies '' that had been taken on a still camera . It did what I wanted after I worked through a few problems . Transitions were easy to insert , although I occasionally had to delete and reinsert them , and even then , I did n't always get the precise timing I wanted . I added sound tracks from MP3s and edited their length and faded them out with the video . I was able to burn a DVD and create a video file for use on a PC and web site , although I had some difficulty with this because Studio kept hanging while rendering at the same spot in the video . The web site suggested creating an AVI file and then opening the AVI and creating an MP4 , which is what I wanted . This worked . My son , a video editor , confirmed that rendering often has this problem when combined with compression like MP4 , and he agreed with the two step approach - and he uses Avid.Overall , now that I have gotten through some learning , I would recommend Studio to others . It was easy to work with and to create both DVDs and files . I am excited enough about the possibilities that I am considering making my next camera a video recorder rather than a still photo camera . At a minimum , I will take more `` movies '' on my current Canon camera.My video premieres in 2 weeks . I 'll see how the audience likes it !
 I previously used Studio 8 with fair success until it began to give fits and just quit working . I tried other brands which did not offer what I needed.Studio 11 , so far , is giving me the results I want . It is much improved over Studio 8 . Sure , it may not be as sophisticated as some folks would like , but it is a sound basic editing program .
 I bought this based on a friends recommendation . This was my first foray into editing video so I wanted something that was n't super complicated or expensive . Was I pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to use . The software installation was fast , no hiccups . My first attempt was a simple video using photos from our sons birthday party . The web upload to Yahoo is great - makes it easy to share with our extended family in the Midwest and East coast . Received lots of kudos from family and friends . Ca n't wait to create and share the next one .
 I had heard mixed feedback about Studio , especially on version 10 , but one friend told me about Studio 11 fixing a lot of the problems the application had , while still being super easy to use . So I gave it a try . I am not an expert and really needed a simple way to get those videos fading away on my camcorder tapes turned into something more exciting . First contact with the application is actually pretty good
 Professor Teaches was a wonderful tool to help me learn Office 2007 . It was really useful in helping me learn to update and enhance my skills in my new job search . Wonderful tool . I highly recommend it.Very easy to use and understand .
 Thank you , easy to used and you learned what you need to learn , easy installation . My son used and he thinks that was really easy for him
 Professor Teaches Office 2007 , is a Microsoft Office 101 DVD program for ; Word 2007Excel 2007PowerPoint 2007Outlook 2007 , andAccess 2007 the whole suite of office programsplus the DVD has advanced training for Office 2007 and 2003 in Word , Excel and PowerPoint . And if that is not enough it offers Microsoft Expression Web , which is a HTML editor and general web design program . It is part of the expression Studio Suite.Professor teaches in a `` from scratch , '' simplified , interactive , on-screen approach . The graphics are excellent and full color . The audio is male , barritone , human voice ; and , the voice is very clear and free from distortion . The label says Professor is the # 1 Best Selling for computer training for 9 years-I can see why : The program offers ... 1 . follow-along-participant-input .2 . uses pop-up on-screen arrows and pictures to indicate the correct selection3 . if the wrong item is selected a pop-up window will indicate so , with a reminder of the original function that needed to be performed .4 . Professor is a take-me-by-the-hand tutorial that is excellent!If there is an easier way to learn Excel on the market today , I 'd like to see it . I am totally illiterate to numbers and figures and I found Professor to be extremely easy . It is in the genre of the '' ... for Dummies '' series-nuf said .
 The item arrived quickly . I have not used it , but my husband says he likes it .
 If you do n't know how to use Microsoft office this will definitely help . Very user friendly .
 This is a good beginning course if you know nothing about office . It wo n't make you an expert , but it is a good starting point to learn . Recieved mine from an amazon seller at a good price . You ca n't beat their prices-will shop again .
 I was able to write a power point presentation at work after just a few hours learning power point . The lessons are hands on and they show you exactly where to click or type in information . Better than a teacher because no tests and you can go over it till you get it right .
 This product is a great teaching aid to the Microsoft Office Suite of products . It walks you right through the basics and more advanced areas of each product . It even quizes you at the end of chapters to make sure you are retaining what you have learned.I like the fact that I can quit a teaching session at any point and it will take me right back to the spot I dropped off at the next time I 'm ready . This is in depth teaching with each product having a few hours of teaching time.I recommend this product for anyone interested in learning how to use the Microsoft Office software .
 These CD are great for beginner who never used Office 2007 . Step by step training about the program .
 We have used Professor Teaches for each version of MS Office to help train employees . It 's at great tool where each person can move at their own pace , skip topics they know so they do n't waste time - plus allows flexibility to train anytime , anywhere . I would recommend this to any IT group that struggles with bugdet and time to assist in the training effort .
 I am glad this came up . Its a good product and cost 90 % less thanvideo Profesor !
 This is a great product ! We have several copies and our staff is doing the training . I like the menu setup that allows the user to select the lesson they are interested in . The sessions are short enough that they take about 20 minutes each and the training is hands on .
 SUPERLATIVE TECHNICAL SUPPORT from Individual Software . I encountered a similar problem to the one encountered by K. Clark , e-mailed Individual Software , got an IMMEDIATE response from Matt Moran , had a remote session with him whereby he fixed the problem and then he e-mailed me the solution . Now the programs work like a charm . The solution was simple and involved editing the shortcut to launch the program . FYI I use Windows XP . Contact them by e-mail and you will likely solve your problem ASAP.AGB
 I have not used the complete program but it is good so far with its expla tions .
 I have taught computer lab to preschool children for two years and have used this program both years with much success . It is a great game for my older 3 year old students and my 4-5 year old students . The boys love the rocketship shooting shapes game , and everyone thinks the pie fight is funny . The puzzle game is also popular.The only problem that I have had with this game is that the menus can be hard for a young child to navigate if he is unfamiliar with it - some require reading -LRB- i.e. `` start '' or `` play '' -RRB- . But once they have an understanding of how to make the games work , they do wonderfully.I have also noticed that the only way to exit the pie fight game is to lose - if you keep answering correctly , it will play almost indefinitely -LRB- more than 10 minutes in a preschoolers ' mind is FOREVER -RRB- . You should see the look of confusion when I tell a child that he must LOSE the game in order to play something else - they are so programed to only WIN!Overall , I recommend this game to anyone with preschoolers.Note
 My just-turned-four-year-old * loved * this CD ! We checked it out from the library , and after playing it with him , and seeing how much he learned & how much he loved it , we bought it . The Jukebox game encouraged the emerging skill of rhyming . The Star Patrol reinforced shapes , and encourged learning some new ones -LRB- hexagon , etc. -RRB- . The Pie game was his favorite . This game encourged sorting -LRB- same , different , slightly different -RRB- . We 've played many a CD-rom , and this one , by far , is the easiest on parents . No annoying sounds or voices . And the animation looks just like the book , so it 's familiar and soothing .
 We checked this out from the library -LRB- actually it is an early version called `` Curious George Early Learning Games '' -RRB- and our 2 1/2 year old daughter loved it . She finds the error signs amusing -LRB- eg . a pie in the face -RRB- . We like it because the voices a re smooth and non-irritative ; they are normal speech in appropriate pitch , and therefore easy to understand . Furthermore , the words flow together well , without the typical computer pauses . Best of all , this program has a very nice puzzle game , which plays to one of our daughter 's strengths .
 I bought this and my 2 1/2 and 3 1/2 boys they love it !!! the puzzles are great , star shooting game of shapes is great for hand eye coordination and the pie game is awesome they are learing letters , matching , size differentation , all the while laughing !
 My 3 year old enjoys this game , except for the jukebox thing . The puzzles are fun , with 3 levels of difficulty and some added animation when the puzzle is finished . The fruit catch is a little bit difficult , but a great way to get a feel for using a mouse . I definitely recommend this game !
 Itz a nice program for teens . lots of stuff to personalize everything . just wish there was a site to download more templates for it !
 Girls will love this !!!! Just like click art , only more cooler ! : -RRB-
 nice . lots of cool things to do . i have fun with it . u should by it . = -RRB-
 Program has alot of neat stuff to create.User friendly.Have some with all projects .
 I played the computer game SET for the first time last night at a party my parents went to . It was fun but challenging because the computer was finding more sets than I was in the beginning . Other people got interested in the game and everyone started looking for the sets . Then I began to see the sets faster and could beat the computer . I liked it because it lets me play one on one against the computer while I 'm learning the game and I know I can get good enough to beat the computer and even those other people who were looking over my shoulder .
 I 've been playing the card game for years -- it 's wonderful . I 'm so happy they 've made a computer version so that I do n't have to find someone to play against me ! As a mathematics educator , I 'll definitely get this for my classroom , because I think that it encourages the same kind of thinking required for conceptual problems posed in high-school math classes . -LRB- And , theoretically , it can be used to cover some mathematical concepts , like probability . -RRB- It 's definitely a stimulating game -- and I love it .
 I played SET as a card game for years . It is an awesome game . I like the fact that I am really good at it because it won so many awards . The computer version really adds some neat challenges . I like the beat-the-clock mode , and I am really hooked on the mode where I get extra time if I 'm fast enough . I keep making the hall of fame . Really great because now I can play anytime not just when my friends come over . I love it .
 Three games in one ! Excellent vlaue here ! My girls are ages 5 & 3 and they thoroughly enjoy these ! The hair design one is their favorite -LRB- for now -RRB- . They can choose 1 of 4 girls to cut , style , color her hair and do her makeup-getting her ready for a wedding , party , career - etc. . All chosen by the player . The ocean discovery has a lot of good scenery & special effects . Memory skills are built here while they are having a good time . The dance cd is also an excellent one . I highly recommend this package - worth the money for anyone with young girls ! 1smileycat : - -RRB-
 I too had the same trouble with the photos being distorted , or not being able to edit them into shapes . But I also have Art Explosion Scrapbook Factory Deluxe and I can use the clipart from the Hallmark program there -LRB- go to Import
 To anyone deciding whether or not to buy this , first of all , it is made by Sierra , so it works like Print Artist does . So , if you like Print artist , then this will be easy for you to use . This software , like Print Artist , lets you change the colors of the graphics , which I love . This software includes beautiful predesigned projects , the especially great ones are the baby themes , holiday themes , and heritage themes . The graphics included in the predesigned projects can be replaced with other graphics if you want to.The bad part about this software , just like Print Artist , is when you put photos in , it resizes it to fit the box , which means most of the time it will be distorted in some way . The only solution I have found is to edit your photos first , which means if you click on the square or rectangle , the bottom right hand corner will tell you the size of that rectangle . So then , you go resize it in a photo editing software by either making it that exact size or something equivalent to that size . So , if the box is 3in . x 4in. , then you can use that size or 4.5 in x 6in -LRB- 1.5 times original -RRB- or 6in . x 8 in -LRB- 2 times original -RRB- or anything else equivalent . This process might seem too hard at first , but after you get used to it , it goes pretty fast . This seemed to be the big problem for people , and for the price of the software , I think it is totally worth it even if you have to take that extra step for photos.I do n't usually print out photos in the photo spots , because I print the pages on cardstock -LRB- or matte photo paper -RRB- , and you do n't get great photos when printed on cardstock , so I cut out the spot for the photo and then put a printed or actual photo behind it . The great graphics include
 It is truely wonderful . For the price you pay , you get loads of predesigned layouts and there are so many graphics and backgrounds to create endless collages and cards . If you liked Sierra Print Artist , you 'll love this . It is very simple to use . I give it two thumbs up . The only reason I think that some others have posted bad reviews is because maybe they just have n't played around with it enough to learn how to use it correctly . It never makes my computer freeze up either , I know someone mentioned that in their review . Hallmark backs this product and if you do n't like it you can get your money back , so why not try it . I am sure that any cropper will love it !
 Product is fun and easy to use with great scrapbook templates to choose from . It was easy to bring in my digital photos and layer them with the templates -LRB- so the photos no longer looked square but fit with the frames -RRB- .
 Re
 SQL Server 2005 is a comprehensive database platform providing enterprise-class data management with integrated business intelligence -LRB- BI -RRB- tools . The SQL Server 2005 database engine provides more secure , reliable storage for both relational and structured data , enabling you to build and manage highly available , performant data applications for use in your business.Microsoft has redesigned the SQL Server 2005 product family to better meet the needs of specific customer segments by introducing four new editions
 if you need a program thaat edits music this is really worth the money its alot better then any free jukebox you download off the internet and it has capillitys that would take more than one program to use
 This is a basic storytelling game in which the child can direct the direction in which Ollie goes . It is a maze of sorts that leads to the conclusion of the story .
 Do not pay attention to the reviews that say this has no educational content . The game is filled with age appropriate educational content including , sequencing , pattern recognition , color identification , attentive listening ... There are many games within the game and they increase in difficulty as your child sucessfully completes them . My 4 year old daughter spends tons of time on this game -LRB- and her Putt-Putt games -RRB- and loves them all . Just like reading her favorite books again and again , she loves to play this game again and again , even though the plot of the overall game does not change . The miniature games -LRB- like helping Rose plant flowers in a certain pattern -RRB- get progressively harder and she rises to the challenge and then gets to go back to the comfort of a familiar plot . If your child went right through this then you/he/she did not click around and find all of the hidden surprises . Plaid Banana did an excellent job . Thank you Plaid Banana .
 Age appropriateness is always an issue but this game requires basic mousing skills -LRB- dragging is the toughest chore -RRB- as well as listening and problem-solving skills.I needed to be there for the first and second rounds thru the game . But he is now self-sufficent . And the game is fun and looks great .
 It 's loads of fun . Both of my kids -LRB- 4 & 6 -RRB- loved the software . It requires planning and critical thinking , although it 's a one-time-only game -LRB- it 's exactly the same game the second , etc. , time you play it -RRB- .
 My son is 4 and a half , and this game is the best I have seen ! They also do Putt Putt , which we liked , but was slightly too complicated for him . There were too many places to remember , while this game has you finding objects from 5 or 6 locations . My husband and I are also playing along with him , and having a ball !
 My 3 yr old daughters love this game and keep asking if there are other Ollo games , and I really hope there will be some new games about Ollo soon . I think that this game is unique in that it develops analytical skills rather than focusing directly on number and letter skills like many other products do . It is also interesting to have one major story for a player to follow through the entire game instead of short vignettes for each skill/game level that are loosely tied together.Each `` chapter '' or level of the game is slightly more difficult , but I think most 3-1/2 year olds would be able to enjoy the entire game . I think that it helps if you play with your child the first time through so they can get the basic understanding of the concepts involved and also see how the story ends . I bounced back and forth between my daughters the first time they played the game so that I could help them when they got stuck , but once we finished the game they could n't wait to try it completely on their own.We also appreciate that it runs natively on Mac OSX .
 My daughter is only 18 months old , but she LOVES Ollo , and asks to play every day . She obviously ca n't work the mouse , but she points at the monitor to let me know what she wants to do . After watching me play though it a couple of times , she knows where all the ` little fun stuff ' is like the bugs that hop and count , or the birds that pop out of the bushes and tweet.She is able to walk me through Chapter 1 , which includes getting a key , unlocking the shed , getting the net , and giving the net to the bunny . Beyond that , she just likes to point at things and have fun . She is also beginning to count , and learn colors and new words . In this game , she likes to say TOMATO , UP , DOWN , MAIL , DUCK , and especially BALLOON.She loves the opening song , hidden on the title page , too . I 'll admit , I think this game music is better than most.For as many times as I 've played Ollo , I still like the music . I also like the voice acting , which is better than many ` grownup ' games I 've played.Another thing that I personally like about this game is the look of it . Instead of a ` catoon ' look , this game seems to be made of clay elements . It 's a lot more attractive than many of the kids games I 've tried.I will agree that the map is large , and some of the quest items are found in illogical places . But overall , we enjoy playing Ollo again and again .
 My son is 3 and he wanted me to order this game after seeing an ad for it on either noggin.com or nickjr.com -LRB- I forget which -RRB- . He liked the picture of Ollo . Well , we bought it and it 's great ! After a few maneuvers Alex was able to figure out that he needs to pick up unusual objects in his ` bag ' for future use and with a little coaching he was able to figure out which item helped in each situation . The only drawback is that sometimes you have to backtrack a loooooooooooong way to get the next item you need , and Alex lost interest a few times while going from one end of Sunny Valley to the other . But he solved this by saying , `` Mama , you do it ! '' and after I did a few clicks he was back at it with his mouse . A cute game , which is well done . The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of five is because of the drippy Southern accents .
 This game is fantastic . The animation is great , the story is fun , and the activities are actually educational . Kids about 3-5 will need a bit of help . It 's kind of like playing a Putt-Putt game , but it is easier to know your goal because it is divided into chapters .
 I go through a lot of kid software , and this is the funniest cleverest learning software I 've ever seen . The box says ages 3 and up , but kids under 8 will definitely need an adult 's help to figure it all out . Every age will like the great animation . BTW , this game runs native on Mac OS X.
 I thought my four-year-old mastered this program over a year ago but she still enjoys playing it today -LRB- September 2003 -RRB- and still learns small details she previously missed each time she plays . Critics who say this game is too difficult for three-year-olds are , in my opinion , underestimating the abilities of three-year-olds . This game is extrememly intersting and motivational . If a child has fun playing the game , he or she is bound to figure out how to solve the problems with a little parental coaxing . Just navigating around the `` Ollo World '' is fun in itself .
 Wow . After playing through this with my 2 year old AND my six year old , it 's clear to me that this company knows its way through the mire and muck of the legions of incredibly bad kids software to come up with a quality game that will be played for years.The game has the most distinct visual style ever ; it 's pacing is perfect for the upper boundaries of the designated age range ; better still , adults will love the catchy tunes and the down home , friendly style . I want Ollo 2 , 3 , and 4 now !
 A lovely simple , honest and clever game . My daughter was almost 4 when she got it and mastered it in days - and for those days played it for hours at a time ! It reminds me of a kids ' version of Myst in it 's theme of putting many tasks together to create a solution to a problem.It taught her how to use the mouse , navigate using a mental map , and remember tasks after many screens . An absolutly perfect introduction to basic computer skills in the lovliest way . I will buy many copies for presents . She still plays with it and her sister , 3 1/2 is now starting to play it alone .
 My 3 year old granddaughter really loves this game . She is a `` do it myselfer '' and needed very little help in learning to move around in this game . She is always very excited when she masters a new `` chapter '' She evens plays out `` Ollo '' with her toys . Telling them , now you ca n't go to chapter 2 until you finish chapter 1 , etc.The game has helped her with reasoning skills - the giant tomato has knocked off the clown 's wig , where is it . Then in another screen you see the wig being used by a bird as a nest . To get the wig , you need a ladder , and so , you have to find where the ladder is in another screen , unlock the shed - first finding the key to the shed , and take the ladder back to the tree before you can get the wig . She quickly learned how to move from screen to screen and back , and just really loves solving the different puzzles .
 After seeing many poor quality computer games for kids , Ollo was a breath of fresh air ! This is a top notch game with a fun storyline and cute graphics that can be enjoyed over and over . This game is a bit challenging to navigate at first but after some initial guidance , my 3 year old plays it on his own with no problem . Highly recommend !
 Ollo is not only our family favorite game for our 4 year old , it also has turned into the neighborhood favorite . My daughter 's 5 year old friend comes over to play it while my daughter is off doing something else!The chapters are great because the girls can go right to the activites they want . The open-ended marble game is also wonderful because it allows freeform exploration . The clickable areas are large , and although I had to play with my daughter the first dozen times we played it , she now has mastered the mouse at age 4 and can play it all by herself.As an artist in a game-programming family -LRB- my husband is a game designer/programmer for a major playstation/xbox game maker -RRB- , Ollo has impressed me with the quality of the visual style , and my husband with the straightforward interface design and carefully created activities and games that seem to exactly fit our daughter 's interests and abilities . The game does n't crash , it runs well , and most importantly , it 's incredibly fun.A + , Hullabee ! Keep up the great work ! Make another Ollo !
 I picked this CD up at the library for my 3 year old and we have since purchased it . It is the first software that I enjoyed working through with her , and that she enjoys doing on her own . She enjoys every aspect of this software ie . working through the chapters , playing the `` mini-games '' on the way , and collecting the marbles for the pinball game .
 Wow . After playing through this with my 2 year old AND my six year old , it 's clear to me that this company knows its way through the mire and muck of the legions of incredibly bad kids software to come up with a quality game that will be played for years.The game has the most distinct visual style ever ; it 's pacing is perfect for the upper boundaries of the designated age range ; better still , adults will love the catchy tunes and the down home , friendly style . I want Ollo 2 , 3 , and 4 now !
 my grandkids love this and spent as much time as i let them playing it.i can even get into it with them at times .
 This is a wonderful game to play . My 3 1/2 year old and my 6 year old have both played this game and they love it ! It does take a parent 's help , explanation , and guidance to get them started in the beginning on mastering the controls in order to fly . This being that almost all of the manuvers are made by utilizing various keys on the keyboard , not the mouse . They also need a parent 's help with getting started on each of the various games , but once they get the nack of it ... they have a ball ! I , myself , have played this game and have had a blast ! The graphics on this game are awesome and the games are a lot of fun too . After having this game in our household 6 months now , they have not yet become bored with it !
 Definitely one of the most entertaining games I 've ever seen . My daughter loves this game - and we have many to compare ...
 i collect tinkerbell , this game is great and good for any age !!!
 I am occasionally surprised at what my four-year-old daughter likes to play . I thought since she loved `` Ollo at the Sunny Valley Fair '' so much she would equally adore this problem solving game also made by Plaid Banana . But she ca n't see them in a similar light . She played `` Moop and Dreadly '' and enjoyed it but does n't choose it as one of her favorites . I love the graphics , music , and clever jokes . I am so glad that I have a copy of it now that it is harder to find . I prefer it over Ollo and find it has a cunning , sharp wit but it is not really up to me , is it ?
 ... my 9 year old nephew had a ball with this game ! It kept him entertained for a long while until he had to give up his computer time to his older brother . This game keeps your attention with colorful characters and fun gameplay . The puzzles were thoughtful , even if some were easier than others . It was also fun to practice Spanish while he played . The game we bought had both English and Spanish languages on it . Brilliant idea !
 This game is really fun . Good puzzles that are appropriate for the target age range .
 The story line is funny -LRB- with jokes all ages can appreciate -RRB- , the graphics were good , and the puzzle are age-appropriate . I hope they make more in this series !
 I wish they would make more . My two and a half year old loves this game . She needs a little help figuring out the clues , but she can navigate everything herself and plays it over and over again . She actually likes it a lot better than the Ollo one . It runs great on her ancient mac , too .
 I think that this game is good . olga
 Nicktoons racing is everything it should be . It provides cart racing , with good handling and interesting courses . The Nicktoon 's stars add a fun feel to the game , and it 's fun yelling at Tommy Pickles while he passes you . The only problem with Nicktoons Racing , is there is NO ROCKO ! The have the monkey from Wild Thornberries , for crying outloud . With what the game lacks in depth , it makes up in sheer fun . Highly recommended for all ages !
 Wanted a racing game for my little boy and bought this one . I played with it for a while and I want it . My little boy has n't been able to put it down . It 's great because you can choose from many different characters without having to unlock any levels -- great feature for little ones AND ME !!! It 's fun , fun , fun . Buy it .
 You might think , why should I waste my money on a racing game ? Well , it is a great game ! I was playing at night before I went to sleep , you want to play it all day!Here 's all the characters it has : Helga , Tommy , Ickis , Angelica , Stimpy , Patrick , Eliza , Darwin , CatDog , Angry Beavers , Spongebob , Arnold , and a surprise at the end!You have to buy it to find out what it is ! There 's 12 tracks to choose from , but you have to unlock them first.It 's one of my favorite games ! You need to buy it !
 This game is pretty good.I like the characters and the fact that you can choose which one you want to be.The music and sound effects are great.It has lots of tracks and three different ways to play -LRB- cups , time trial , race for fun -RRB- . If you like racing , you should get this game .
 Wow !!! This game was soooo much fun . I am 11 years old and ever since I was 2 I have been watching Nickelodeon . So , now when I get the chance to see all the characters in action , it is sooooo kewl . You just ca n't stop . And wow the people who I always thought of to be high energy have no power and ca n't go too fast . That is another thing I like about this game . It is soooo unpredictable . I mean , c'mon who knew that Chuckie could ... -LRB- do n't worry , I wo n't give it away -RRB- .
 In this game you can really have at least a 15 minute sit-down with it . In this game you ca n't just pick a character you like , you need to see how high their power is and how fast they go . You need to compete levels to get new tracks and characters . But , you could even have a longer time playing this game , you could play for 1 hour , 2 hours ... and on because if you do n't win , you want to just keep on going to try again , GO , GO , GO !
 I 've loved this game ever since I opened it on Easter . Even if you hate to watch racing you will love this . It is my favorite game . It is easy and you can play with lots of different players . There are lots of race tracks too . It is not a game for just boys .
 This is lik the best game you can find on the market . I mean it blazes mariocart racing , if you compare the two mario cart looks like Sh ** -LRB- for younger viewers this word has been hashed -RRB- .
 i recently bought a gameboy advance with nicktoons racing , its great ! wonderful 3D graphics , each character has its own track , exept the mystery rider , i just cant stop playing it ! its kinda like C.T.R -LRB- crash team racing -RRB- but way cooler ! wepons , -LRB- 9 -RRB- tracks , -LRB- 8 -RRB- characters , -LRB- 9 -RRB- . buy it !
 I read another review on this product with a low rating and am wondering if they had a previous version . This product is very easy to use . We got it in the Ultimate Employer bundle . We use it to track our employee information -LRB- name , SS # , I9 , hm address , ... -RRB- , benefits , positions/salaries , time worked , vacation time , etc. . It is very easy for anyone to jump on the system and find the information they want , or enter additional information . We have been very satisfied . Although the 50 standard reports meet our needs , we have looked at using the export feature to Microsoft Access to create a report for our payroll service .
 An excellant guide to composing a business plan that will work .
 From the standpoint of being able to pull up and print out maps , this program is awesome . Where it fell short is that there really is n't much information besides the maps . When they say National Park Maps , they mean maps . All kinds of maps . I was hoping the program had some additional information about the national parks . Although , if what you 're looking for are detailed maps , then this is the program for you .
 This is a wonderful source for pet owners , shelters , adoption agencies . We plan to use it in connection with our local shelter to advise and educate adoptees and volunteers . It can greatly benefit dog ownership !
 Telemark 's Guide to Dogs is a very complete guide to all the different purebred dogs . I am an instructor in a Veterinary Technician program and am considering making it a class requirement ! The thorough descriptions of all the different breeds seem to be very accurate and include the positive as well as negative traits of each breed . This would enable a person looking for a puppy to make an informed decision . This is important when one thinks of all the dogs being abandoned due to breed incompatability with owner lifestyle.My students need to be able to identify the top 50 dogs as registered by the AKC and this CD-ROM has terrific pictures of all of them . I would highly recommend this CD-ROM to anyone with an interest in learning more about dogs , selecting a puppy , as well as any students who need to research the breeds .
 I really like this product . The feature I liked the best was the breed selector , a form I filled out to see which dog breeds would be the best ones for me . In addition to question about what size of dog I want and what kinds of looks do I like in a dog , it had questions I would n't have thought to ask , like how much exercise would I give a dog , how long would the dog be alone , how much grooming would I want to do , how much training would I give the dog -LRB- and was I new at it -RRB- , and even how dominant I was . I did n't even know that dominance varied so much in dogs and was a factor to consider . -LRB- I 'm fairly easy going , so I would n't want a very dominant dog . -RRB- The selector took my answers and came up with a list of 30 breeds that had the most compatible ones at the top . I could click on a breed and see a detailed description of its history , its characteristics , and even things to be careful about , which I really appreciate . For example , some breeds tend to be aggressive towards other dogs , and some are even good with cats . Useful stuff ! I was also able to pick a couple of breeds and compare them directly to get a more direct idea of differences between breeds I liked.And that was n't all . There are articles on practical things like house training , teaching good manners , flea control , basic health issues and vaccinations , and even dog psychology . And the Guess the Puppy game is lots of fun and is really cute -LRB- even when you guess wrong -RRB- . I also got a kick out of some of the movies , even though the format was small . The Agility movie was amazing -- I did n't know a dog could be trained to do such a complicated series of tasks -LRB- not that I 'd want to do it -- it was just interesting -RRB- . This product will be useful to me for a long time . I ca n't recommend it highly enough !
 My 12-year-old son LOVES this product . He has always been an avid computer game player , but I 've never seen him engage with a software program the way he does with Guide To Dogs - probably because it combines his love of dogs with really fun activities and interesting articles . Since I bought him the product for Christmas , he has been waking up at 6:30 AM in order to be able to play with the CD-ROM before school . In the evenings , he reads me articles while I cook dinner . His favorite part of the program , however , is the Breed Selector - which I must say is amazing . He runs it by anyone who will sit down with him for a few minutes to figure out what dog would be best for that person . Thanks to this program , Thomas clearly identified a pug as the type of dog that would fit our lifestyle.So guess what we got for Valentine 's Day ! The guide selector was right on all counts . We love our little black Jack -LRB- B. Nimble -RRB- ! For my part , I am really happy to see Thomas get involved with a CD-ROM that has a true educational component , rather than meaningless thumb-twitching games . He announced the other morning that he is going to become a veterinarian when he grows up.Thank you for making such a great product !
 I want access to a world atlas that help me understand current events . I like to listen to short wave radio broadcasts , as well . For example , I wanted to see the details associated with the Israeli-Lebanon conflict and using online media was a brutal experience over my 56k dialup connection . My hard copy atlas was helpful , but a little out of date , so I looked at software products . The MS program was expensive and it had many options that I did n't need or want . -LRB- I 'm not a kid anymore and do n't want online help with my homework , for example . -RRB- And the reviews were not too favorable for the MS product , either . 3D Globe comes with a free Lunar Map , as well . I have a small telescope . While this is not a necessity , it is a nice addition.This 3d Globe thing looked like an easy to use product so I bought it . At $ 19 I figure I 've made bigger mistakes . It arrived today so I put in CD # 1 . When it asked me what kind of installation I wanted , I noticed that `` custom '' said it would run without inserting the CD . -LRB- Do n't you hate the products that make you hunt that down every time you want to use it ? -RRB- I 've got plenty of room on my hard drive , so off we go . After a short while it wanted CD # 2 , and continued . I had to go through the XP START menu to find 3D GLOBE , but now have it `` pinned '' so I can access it quickly . -LRB- Every other product I 've got insists on putting an icon on the desktop . -RRB- But that is a trivial nit pick.Once started , I was immediately impressed with the graphics . I zoomed in on the Moon and all the craters ' names appeared . -LRB- You can toggle these on and off , I think . -RRB- The zoom-in was more than I needed , too - very nice.Now for the `` big test . '' I brought up the Earth at Night - gorgeous . I switched to Political Globe and brought up the control box . I selected FIND and searched for Mundelein , IL -LRB- a former residence -RRB- . The zoom was only one level , so I did n't see the detail I was looking for , but considering the size of the planet , that may have required an order of magnitude more disk space , and it 's enough for me.I searched for what I thought was a fictitious town in Iran -LRB- from a TV show -RRB- , but it was there ! I selected the Nile River and it , too , was centered and I could zoom into it , as well.Over all , this is a real bargain and I am very pleased with it .
 This product is as advertised by National Geographic .3 D Globe is very much an atlas in digital form . 3D Globe provides the user with the ability to navigate around the world , with the option of selecting specific countries and researching statistics of every kind on the selected nation , including its history . The navigation tools that are afforded to the user permit the user to acquire closeup views of national boundaries , regions , states , and cities within countries . Additionally , 3D Globe provides the researcher with tools to examine ecological regions that occupy the world as well as climate patterns . A user , for example , can locate volcanoes , deserts , continental drift patterns , mountain ranges , etc. . . 3D Globe also has an excellent Moon feature . When selected , the Moon feature provides the viewer with a completely mapped out view of the Moon that can be navigated as the world can be navigated in the Globe views . This is an excellent learning tool for children , students , and the entire family . 3D Globe can be used as a digital reference source for research or just for fun ! I highly recommend this product as a supplement to an atlas or as an atlas replacement .
 This product lived up to all expectations.The product is user friendly and gives a tremendous amount of information on the differenct workd areas .
 And it gets better as you become more adept at scrolling through the globe/map . For what it is - and be perfectly clear
 I gave this as a gift in the Fall to a very paper-oriented individual . . they wanted a real globe or update Atlas . They were skeptical , but were quickly won over by this product . I thank the other reviewers who shared their objectivity , and together we 've `` dragged '' a software skeptic into the world of `` stronger '' globe options !
 A new and optimized Data Engine for data structures and process.money well spend .
 I actually have had great succes with this product . I recieved Redshift 3 as a Christmas gift when I was in middle school , and now I 'm a Teaching Assistant for an Astronomy class at the school I attend . The class comes with some planetarim software , but it 's no where near as capable or user friendly as Redshift . Starry Night is another popular one , and I would certainly recomend it too , but it 's more expensive than Redshift , so this is a good economic choice . As for the technical support , I actually have Redshift 5.1 , which I was unable to update from the website . I e-mailed the tech crew and within a few days they responded by letting me know that Redshift 5.1 is the already updated version . In addition , I was able to download any of the add-ons that I wanted from their website and I found a list of FAQs which helped my solve the initial trouble I was having with my serial number .
 I have Red Shift 2 but it had its limitations . Red Shift 5 is out of this world by comparison . Not only is it like the older version but it has vastly improve upon it . I have traveled back in time to see what the sky looked like as the British Regulars marched out of Boston to their fateful encounter on Lexington Green , and in so doing knew why that night was chosen , because the Moon was just past full and the Moon would light their march.Likewise , I checked out the skies at other dates as well of history and even went to the future to see what the skies would be like the day the Mayan Calendar come to an `` end '' . -LRB- Nothing special . -RRB- I like , though I have n't used the feature , that you can go on-line and get the data up-dated so as new objects are found they can be added to the catalog of objects already there.There is so much that I have yet to learn about RS5 that I have n't done it all . It is one wonderful program for your computer and when you want to know what that bright star is then you go to RS5 and find out . What a fantastic tool for amateur astronomers to use .
 This software is very easy to use and quite intuitive . It works well for beginners and more seasoned star gazers . Kids seem to be able to negotiate it with a bit of help and I recommend it especially with the low price and the quality of the application . Buy it .
 Anyone with an interest in astronomy must own this . Amateurs and pro 's alike will be enthralled . Use as a quick reference , indepth study , or for just plain fun .
 I used this title last year to do my personal taxes and my partnership taxes . I found it very easy to use . Compared to Turbo Tax , I think they are both very similar . I think it is just a personal preference .
 I decided to take a chance on this product after closing another intrusive pop-up sales window in Intuit 's QuickBooks program and fearing the problems I heard about on this year 's edition of TurboTax . I am so glad I did ! The home side was easy , updating was no problem and it discovered that my accountant had placed me in the wrong school district -LRB- a quick call to a school official confirmed this -RRB- . I have a VERY small business with two employees and the program was fine for that , however I can see where some people would question the ` robustness ' of the product for larger businesses . The Business side also discovered two errors my accountant made on last year 's return -LRB- glad I dumped the accountant -RRB- . I am more than satisfied .
 I 've used TurboTax -LRB- top-of-the line model , for home-based business -RRB- for the past 4 years but when the price differential between it and this grew to $ ... I thought it was time to give TaxCut a try . I was concerned about its ability to import my last year 's return from TurboTax without errors or glitches . TaxCut did this flawlessly . I found the process of completing the return quite similar ; the `` interview '' method correctly filled in all but one form that I needed to file ; that form I did manually , without any problem . The electronic filing went smoothly for both my federal and state forms ; both returns were accepted within 24 hours . I downloaded the state form -LRB- free after rebate -RRB- and that was also very easy to complete . This software comes on two CDs , the `` home '' component and the `` business '' component . I am self-employed at home with a home office ; I have no employees . I did not even install the business component of the software , it was not needed for what I have to do
 A big Thank You to the customers who reported TurboTax 's ugly activation code system . With TurboTax , you get one install only , and that 's it.When you upgrade to a new computer you 'll lose access to your old TurboTax tax returns because your one-time install activation will have been used up . They can keep their attitude and their products.I 've switched to TaxCut Home & Business and it costs less than half the TurboTax alternative , as I would have needed their Basic as well as their Business packages .
 If you are running Windows XP you will find that this version of SystemWorks is much better for your system than previous versions . This software has received the `` Designed for Windows XP '' designation , and is marketed as the only copy that will properly function on Windows XP . I decided not to test Symantec , and purchased this copy when I installed Windows XP . Features in this version that I especially like are the new Roxio GoBack and the ability to check your outgoing email for viruses . Users of Outlook will really appreciate this , since many viruses are transmitted without the sender knowing anything of the infection . AntiVirus 2002 is also much faster in virus checking than previous versions have been , a great plus especially considering that all email -LRB- incoming and outgoing -RRB- can be checked . I have found that their technical support is lacking somewhat , but then I have also noticed that with other companies such as McAfee . One of the features that I really liked was Registry Optimization , but I lost that feature in Windows 2000 using SystemWorks 2001 as well . Users of Windows 2000/ME and prior , do n't upgrade there just is n't enough to make it worthwhile for you guys ... Windows XP users , you should definitely consider this upgrade !
 I really hesitated about buying a copy of Norton Systemworks . There were so many complaints about it from users who had had bad luck . However , I 've always been a fan of Norton AntiVirus , so I decided to go ahead with Systemworks.While I ca n't compare it to any previous versions , I have been very happy with they way Systemworks Professional Edition works on my machine . I 've had no problems whatsoever running on a Windows 98se operating system.My machine is used 80-percent of the time for playing computer games . This makes a mess out of my hard drive with multiple installs and saves.Systemworks Professional 's Utilities cleans and defragments my hard drive better than the built-in Windows version . I 've been able to correct a lot of registery errors I never knew existed , as well . Clean Sweep has made it easier to remove Internet junk build-up . While I know how to access the various files to do this manually , it 's nice having a program that will do it with less hassle . AntiVirus is still an excellent program , too.I purchased Professional edition because I 'm planning to use Norton Ghost to clone my hard drive for an upgrade . It was cheaper to buy it in this package than to buy Ghost separately . While I have not used it yet , I do n't anticipate problems.All this being said , Systemworks is a powerful program that can be dangerous for casual users should they not really know what they 're doing . From some of the problems I 've read about , it sounds like this may have been the issue for some.Also keep in mind , that should users run all the options , it will slow down the computer 's resources considerably . This can easily be remedied by hitting CONTROL+ALT+DELETE and pressing the End Task button over programs they want to shut off until restarting .
 I 've read a few of the reviews here , and it seems to me that the users who do n't get along with NSW are people who already have problems with their PC when they load it . Ensure you do n't already have any problems before loading it -LRB- especially with Windows ME ! -RRB- and that you have already backed up your data BEFORE you install it . NSW is a very powerful tool and in the wrong hands -LRB- Novice users -RRB- can be disasterous . Remember Windows ME , 98 all flavors are TERRIBLE memory managers , if you experience systems crashes after an install -LRB- even if you have 640 MB or more of memory -RRB- chances are you had problems to begin with usually related to the flavor of Windows your using can also be bad memory . You can also try Windows NT or 2000 much better at managing memory .
 Since NT4 DID N'T come with any builtin defragmentation tool , you 'll need something to keep ahead of the fragmentation problem.The Antivirus has saved my ... several times , by interceptingvirus ' attached to emails.Never had ANY PC problems , like those mentioned by other reviewer.Get this package , or ONTRACK systemsuite 4.0 , either will do , in keeping your pc in top shape .
 Excellent bundle of utilities at a great price ! If you have an older machine , stick with an earlier version as your hardware or OS may not be able to handle it comfortably . I am running a 2.2 GHz Pentium IV desktop with 512MB DDR-RAM and have encountered absolutely no problem with Systemworks 2002 . Used Systemworks 2000 previously with similar results . If you are running Windows 2000 or XP with a fast machine , this product is for you !
 An excellent utility program . Does exactly what it advertises , however there is a small problem . If you are running Windows XP -LRB- home/pro -RRB- installing Roxio Go-Back will crash your system . XP does not like this particular program . Suggest a custom install only .
 This program works 101 % properly and smoothly . it 's the best pc friend cause something that you never imagine is happening it handle and notify you , so I recommend to everybody.This works
 SystemWorks takes you one step beyond Norton Utilities , which is included with this package . It also includes Norton Anti-Virus -LRB- virus protection -RRB- , Aladdin Clean Sweep -LRB- to remove unneeded or outdated items from your hard drive -RRB- and Dantz Retrospect -LRB- back up software -RRB- . SystemWorks works in some situations where Utilities fails . A person I work with had had problems using the latest version of Utilities , but SystemWorks solved the problem and cleaned-up his computer for him.A good package that is well worth the price .
 I was a hard core Turbotax fan for many years , this year because of the TurboTaxs ' product activation I chose to buy Taxcut and ` lo and behold it was every bit as easy as TurboTax . My Hats off to the Taxcut crew . I found the deduction finder useful and not laborious and the wizards we 're easy to use . The feature I liked the most was being able to exit out of the wizard and enter in values where needed without having to `` completely '' exit the wizard -LRB- as is the case with TurboTax -RRB- ''
 I used TurboTax since 1989 , but I switched to TaxCut after Intuit initiated their draconian license activation complete with spyware ! I will never use TurboTax again . TaxCut is just as good .
 Left that ridiculous TurboTax forever - TAXCUT is easier & all around BETTER !
 I was a dedicated TurboTax user . Thanks to serious trashing by others on this site and elsewhere I avoided TurboTax this year.TaxCut was just as easy to use as TT . And the box came with a rebate for Microsoft Money . I went out and purchased DeluxeI just finished getting all my accounts setup and like it better then Quicken . Thanks Intuit . I never would have discovered TaxCut and Money if you did not mess up like this .
 Add my name to the list of people switching to TaxCut this year because of Intuit 's invasive policies . I wo n't be going back ! TaxCut is easy to navigate , easy to enter data into and I found the live person at technical support to be quick to answer and helpful . I am using it in conjunction with two States and they integrate seamlessly . I honestly do n't have any complaints about this nice piece of HELPFUL software .
 I have used TaxCut for several years now , and really appreciate its convenience and ease of use . The software works like an interview - you answer a list of questions , and when you are done , your tax return is complete . It picks up the data from prior year returns done on TaxCut , so if you use the program year after year , it gets progressively easier and less time-consuming to prepare your taxes . Clear explanations are provided for every entry , potential problem areas are flagged , and your return is compared with average taxpayer returns in your income bracket so you can see if your deductions etc. are out of line with the norm . The state program for my state is also very simple to use . In my opinion , using TaxCut is far simpler and less stressful than either doing taxes by hand or using a tax preparer .
 Taxcut is easy to use and my return is relatively simple , so I was mostly satisfied with it . Contrary to previous reviews , it does have an interview feature and I did not find that I had to enter the same information repeatedly.On the downside , the program is full of bugs that range from the amusing -LRB- like saying `` I see that your spouse also moved this year '' when I am filing a single return ! -RRB- to the scary -LRB- like forcing me to enter a value for a mortgage deduction when I do not own a home -RRB- I run a small home based business and that seemed to extend Taxcut 's capability to the maximum . Taxcut worked fine this year , but if my business grows any larger , I 'll switch to something else next year .
 I was very pleased with the ease of the installation . It was so easy I was n't sure if it was working . You can easily look at the status as well as the past statistics of your system 's security with just a click of the mouse . Every day since installing the software it has stopped several attack attempts . I was especially happy to have this installed when I went with cable modem service ! I was concened that this would use a lot of system resources , but that has n't been a problem for me at all ! Everything runs like a top ! I HIGHLY recommend this software !
 I purchased Norton Firewall 2002 along with Norton Systemworks 2002 -LRB- see separate review -RRB- . I recently upgraded to Windows XP , so I needed utility software that was compatible with the new OS . So far , I am COMPLETELY satisfied.I recommend that a person use Norton Firewall rather than the default firewall in Windows XP , for it gives far greater protection . Contrary to other persons posting here , I have had no problems running Norton Systemworks and Norton Firewall together . I used Norton Firewall 2001 , so I appreciate the same user-friendly interface.One very important point is to make sure the Windows XP default firewall is disabled BEFORE installing Norton Personal Firewall 2002 . I 'm not sure what would happen if both firewalls were running , but it is likely to cause problems . The help section of Windows XP will walk you through the process.The only caution I would offer is that if you have Norton Firewall 2001 and are NOT planning to upgrade to Windows XP in the near future , DO N'T buy this product . Norton Firewall 2002 and Norton Systemworks 2002 have few changes from the 2001 versions . The MAIN change is the compatibility of both programs with Windows XP.There are lots of satisfied Norton customers out there . Norton is also STILL a leading name in utility software . If you are upgrading to Windows XP and have been happy with Norton in the past , I feel confident you wo n't be disappointed with this latest release .
 I just had a few miscellaneous comments to make.Norton Personal Firewall is one of the three main packages out there offering this capability , along with Fail-Safe Technologies ZoneAlarm Pro 2 , and McAfee 's own McAfee Firewall software . These products work by monitoring all TCP/IP and IP Port activity on your system , and by acting -LRB- hopefully intelligently -RRB- on such activity when it occurs to keep the bad guys out of your system.I run this under Windows XP , and so far it 's worked quite smoothly . The program is more complex and is more difficult to configure if you want to customize the settings than ZoneAlarm Pro 2 , but that 's to be expected given all the extra options . Since I use this for a home PC , I may not need all the extra filtering and customizing capabilties that this offers , but it 's okay . You have it if you want it.I switched over to this program when I had some conflicts with ZoneAlarm Pro 2 , although I like the simpler , more intuitive interface of it better than Norton . The conflicts may have been with Netsonic 's Netboost caching program , rather than with Norton Anti-Virus , and I still need to do a better job of troubleshooting to nail that down . If I can resolve the conflicts , I might switch back to ZoneAlarm Pro 2 , for one reason.I ca n't seem to figure out how to configure Norton so that it pops up an alert whenever a program trys to access the net , so that at that point you can decide whether or not you want to permit it . You can set up logging so that it monitors everything , and you can even set up customized rules that are fairly detailed , but not this . I figure there has to be a way , but what with the extra complexity of the program I just have n't seen it yet , but I 've looked at all the screens.One thing Norton does implement better than ZoneAlarm Pro 2 is what it calls `` Intrusion Detection . '' This pops up an alert when port-scanning is detected . ZoneAlarm Pro 2 does this simply by alerting you to every inbound attempt to communicate with your system , so it 's really no different , but if it works right , you 'll be informed of actual port scans whereas ZoneAlarm Pro 2 may not tell you that 's what happening , it 'll just say there was an unauthorized attempt to communicate with your system.Obviously , there is a trade-off here between a program 's ease of use and how much the developer wants to communicate to the user -LRB- who may not be that technically literate -RRB- all the details of what the firewall is seeing that 's going on `` under the hood . '' Since I was a professional NT system administrator for many years , I 'd like to know about it just for general curiosity 's sake , although it 's probably not that important for most people.I ca n't comment on Norton 's product versus McAfee 's , since I have n't used it myself , but I 'd be interested in knowing how it compares with the McAfee offering.Anyway , so far Norton 's Personal Firewall has worked quite well and I 'm very satisfied with it . I 'll be extremely satisfied with it if I can just figure out how to do that one thing I mentioned .
 I just purchased norton Internet security 2002 and found it much more user friendly than my older version . However , at times my user resources get incredibly low - such that my PC clock even stops keeping time . Norton says `` they are working on this '' . My most important recommendation is that you always disable Norton when downloading new software to your PC !!!!!!! Do n't let Norton be incharge of what you want installed and what you do n't . We found this out the hard way when installing our new software for our cable internet service . This caused slow slow slow service and it was like our mouse had terrets !
 This is a good product , but the 2003 line is better . Both ofthese software packages contain an OUTSTANDING ad blockingfeature . After installation , I visited numerous sites which hadpreviously dumped loads of pop-up and pop-under ad windows andflash-based ads on my screen , but now -- POOF -- no more trash , with no discernable negative effects on web page loading . Plusad banners are effectively eliminated -- so all you get is the webpage you want . After a week of intensive use , I have yet to finda problem with this software . I find it difficult to praisethis product enough -- it delivers every feature smoothly andefficiently , as advertised . I have it installed on my computeralong with Norton Cleansweep -- no conflicts or flaws noted .
 I bought this program when I had to return ZoneAlarm Pro2 , which kept periodically completely locking down my system , possibly due to conflicts with Netboost or Norton Anti-Virus . I liked the interface better than the Norton firewall , and another thing I liked is that it would tell you the actual IP address of an incoming computer that was attempting to do anything , and would give you the actual filename of the program on your system for anything that was trying to get out . Norton does n't do that , unfortunately.However , I was forced to return ZoneAlarm because of the conflicts . Norton 's product says it 's is tested and integrated with their own Anti-Virus software , and so far I have n't had any of the problems I had with ZoneAlarm . I hope it stays that way , but I 've only been using it for a couple of days . By that time , however , ZoneAlarm had rendered my system completely useless for accessing the net.As I was a professional system administrator for 15 years , and have a lot of experience with Windows NT , I may try to troubleshoot somemore and see if I can figure out what went wrong with ZoneAlarm , since if I could get it to work okay , I 'd stick with that.However , for now Norton is working well and it 's certainly a good product too . If you 're a system administrator like I was , the fact that it 's supposed to integrate smoothly with Norton 's Anti-Virus software is a major selling point in its favor , since system stability is of overriding imporance in a server environment .
 I have been using it with XP for 6 months now . No major problems . It does tend to slow the loading of web pages and other network traffic -LRB- not as bad as web pages -RRB- . You can end up spending a lot of time customizing it if you want high security . You can allow individual sites varying degrees of access to run scrips . It STOPS POP-UP WINDOWS cold ! This is my favorite feature ! If it did nothing but stop pop-ups it would still be worth the $ $ .
 For the online users , Norton Personal Firewall 2002 keeps hackers out and personal data safe . It gives you peace of mind that your PC is secure from online intrusions and your privacy is protected from unauthorized online access . Norton Personal Firewall automatically hides your PC from hackers , stops `` spyware '' and Trojan horses from connecting to the Internet , and configures firewall rules for the most popular online applications . Regular Internet updates help keep you protected against the latest online hacking threats .
 I recently purchased Norton Firewall 2002 and am very pleased with its performance . I thought it may be a little difficult to set up , but actually it is very simple . There are `` recommended '' settings which prevent the unnecessary pop ups and still provide complete protection . I have dial-up and I still purchased it because I wanted to feel safe when online . I now own 3 Norton products and all have done well .
 I find Norton Personal Firewall to be a very frustrating at times . However it does its job . I tried establishing a remote desktop connection and spent many frustrating attempts before getting it to work . If you 're trying to set up a remote desktop connection you first have to open the proper port -LRB- 3389 -RRB- then create a general rule . The rule should allow inbound connections , from a specific computer -LRB- if static IP Address -RRB- for more security or it can be set from any computer , Communications
 The firewall seems to be running good at the moment -- after installing it 2 weeks ago . I had experienced several of the dreaded `` BLUE SCREEN '' error messages immediately after installing it , but after downloading the Symantec patches and updates , it works very well . The only time I get an error now is if I fire up my computer with the cable modem off line.This product allows a great deal of customization although you can use the `` recommended settings '' for a quick and adequate setup . It also seems to work well with Norton Anti-Virus , if you are concerned about that interface .
 I replaced my old free downloaded firewall program with Norton Personal Firewall 2002 and am very happy that I did . I run it with Windows XP and have not had any problems . It was very easy to set up and runs quitely only alerting me when there are major threats to my computer which it has blocked . It sure gives me peace of mind . I am extremely happy with this program and recomend it to anyone who uses the internet .
 The transition was reasonably smooth since it not only imports basic data , but also schedule B stuff so you do n't have to re-enter it . There 's a $ $ rebate in the box , so effective cost is $ $ . It has a good ` What if ' section so you can play with alternative scenario 's like Roth conversions . What you do n't get are those silly ` talking head ' advisors and a state version . I use a spreadsheet for the state since the calculation and fill-in is really simple ... if your state is highly complex , get a deluxe . Oh , and I was able to reach and talk to a helpful tech suppport person on a minor issue ... try that with anything made by intuit without whipping out your plastic .
 First off , there is very little reason to hire your tax form out to some bozo at H&R Block , and none at all for fiddling about with paper forms , a pencil , and an eraser . The software really does the job . I have been using H&R Block Tax Cut for the past three years , and I favor the basic edition without bells and whistles . Why buy more than you need ? The `` deluxe '' and `` platinum '' -LRB- what 's next , titanium ? -RRB- versions have very little to do with the nitty gritty of filling out a tax form . Basic is better ! -- Dan Ford
 Personally , I think the government should supply us with free programs for tax calculations - it 's their complicated rules after all . I 'm convinced it would save everyone money by eliminating errors . But until that happens a software program is well worth the investment.After reading all the negative reviews on TurboTax , I opted for TaxCut this year . I want Intuit to realize that I have no interest in buying software that installs spyware and advertisements on my computer . ... P > TaxCut did try to put Earthlink on my computer , but after a refusal it never tried again . I guess I can live with that.It was easy to use and almost as straight forward as TurboTax . I had no problems with installation or updating it . The only reason I knocked it down to 4 stars is because the appearance was a little bit distorted . The boxes where data is typed in -LRB- e.g W-2 forms -RRB- had the numbers not really aligned with the boxes . Also , all the text was in a little box using up maybe 30 % of the screen . Most of the time that was fine , but sometimes you had to scroll down to see the remaining data . If you were n't careful , you could miss the fact that there was more to be seen . Not a big problem - but it does leave the possibility someone will miss a box or instructions that way . And generally , it 's just not as user-friendly and obvious as it could be . So , it just needs a few tweaks . The important thing is it works and I was done in 1.5 hours ...
 Thankfully , I was able to heed the advice of many former Turbo Tax users and purchase Tax Cut right off the bat.Tax Cut works wonderfully , and I experienced no problems in installing or using the problems . A very seamless operation , indeed.To those who are skittish about switching to Tax Cut -LRB- i.e. afraid of change or the unknown -RRB- let me assure you , Tax Cut works just as well as Turbo Tax , but without the added problems of installation and operation . I say this , as a former Turbo Tax user from way back when it was part of Parsons Technology.I give Tax Cut a big Five Stars ! And the Turbo Tax people need to take notice here . In fact , I think it 's the whole Intuit culture that needs to be changed , when they try to foister outrageous things upon their users -LRB- Intuit QuickBooks users
 I used TurboTax last year but after reading the horror stories customers wrote about registering , I opted for TaxCut for 2002 -LRB- plus TaxCut is cheaper -RRB- . The initial installation went very smoothly . I then downloaded the updated files and forms . I have a cable connection but it took rather a long time . During the download , the process seemed to stall for a long time but eventually everything downloaded and updated properly . Doing the program itself was easy - you are taken through an `` interview '' process in which you are asked to supply the information and numbers required to complete your return . Piece of cake ! I supplied the information , printed out my return and checked it over , and it looks good . Throughout the session you are kept informed of what the program is trying to do , and are given applicable links to click if you -LRB- the user -RRB- needs more information about the interview item.Negatives
 I , like many other former TurboTax users , purchased the TaxCut software expecting a lower quality product that would get the job done with minimal bells and whistles . I found that TaxCut is not only visually appealing in a simplistic yet professional manner but it is also incredibly easy to use . It takes care of the biggest chunk of work by being able to import your tax file from the previous year for either TaxCut or TurboTax software . This made the transition to TaxCut practically transparent . TaxCut has all the features and functionality you 'd expect in tax software without the spyware hocus-pocus of TurboTax . I suspect it will take Intuit a while to recover from their design screw up . Of course , that will depend greatly on H&R Block 's ability to enhance and more aggressively market TaxCut . This is the stuff that open market competition strives for ! Highly Recommended !
 I switched this year , and am happy . Turbotax 's interface is a little slicker , but they both do the same thing , and Taxcut does it cheaper . It imports from Quicken and handles E-filing , and basically works just like Turbotax . -LRB- Four stars vice five for the less-than-perfect interface and because I had to call tech support about a form problem . -RRB- They had an initial problem with the AMT form -LRB- 6251 -RRB- but have corrected it with the latest upgrade . No spyware , no arrogance , free tech support . Buy with confidence !
 I ca n't really compare this software to others , but I can say that it did a pretty good job for me . Just spend about 20 minutes answering questions in the beginning , and it will do most of the rest . My tax return consisted of several jobs for both my wife and I , working in two different states , mutual fund and stock purchases and sales , interest and capital gains income , and a mortgage . I thought this would make my return to complicated for a comuter software , but everything I needed was here . Nad if for some reason you do n't like what it does , you can manually change any entry . However , if you manually change entries , you will not be allowed to e-file . I installed this on my desktop , and again on my laptop to do some work when my wife was working on the desktop . This worked fine . But there is no clear way of letting one computer know what you did on another computer , so multiple installations are for the most part useless.The one thing I do n't like is that it seemed like procrastinators are rewarded for their laziness in that this software gets cheaper the nearer you get to April 15th , to the point where it become free after rebate .
 Intuit 's changes to TurboTax this year encouraged me to make the change to TaxCut . My thought was
 I 'm puzzled by the complainer from CT who ca n't run Tax Cut without Internet Explorer . The software does n't require a web browser to run , though of course you need one to update it or get online help . I tried unloading IE and loading Opera . Then I loaded Tax Cut and clicked on online help . It connect to the Tax Cut website without any complaint . If there 's a problem here , it may be with Netscape . I ca n't check , because I recently installed Netscape 7.01 and it wo n't connect to the web at all !
 first time to use tax software - this program installed/ran fine on windows 2000 - I had to use the auto-update feature once , and it worked smoothlyOther than 1 401k-related item the help seemed vague about , filing my 1040 with this software was a piece of cake .
 I bought Taxcut this tax season because I was not interested in having Intuit 's intrusive product activation features placed on my computer . I found Taxcut to be a decent alternative to Turbotax . -LRB- Is there any reason , though , why we have to put up with H&R Block putting Earthlink advertising on my computer ? -RRB-
 I first purchased taxcut 5 years ago when Turbo tax started getting to pricey , TaxCut is less expensive , and easy to use.I `` bought '' Tax Cut along with Money 2003 to take advantage of the free offer , -- rebates for purchase price of both -- However , even if the special offer would not have been available I would have purchased TaxCut anyway
 I have always been comfortable in filling out and filing my own tax forms , but in recent years , when I was making changes in where my mutual funds were invested , the forms required by both federal and state governments proved daunting . Using TaxCut State made things much easier . I have used TaxCut Federal for several years now and started with TaxCut State last year and it has been a wonderful ! No need to run to the post office or other government building to get the forms . One word of caution though
 The only `` glitch '' I encountered was at the final error check . The program told me I failed to enter the date of my return , even though I followed each process exactly as the program instructed . The program just failed to ask me -LRB- or recognize -RRB- what date I was filing my return . Once that entry was manually made , it was clear sailing again . I have used TaxCut software for the past 6 years and have been very pleased with how easy it is to prepare my returns .
 I thought this product did a workman-like job of doing what I needed it to do . I liked that it interfaced well with the Federal version .
 I 've been using the Ghost program since it 's inception . While I have had problems with some other Symantec products -LRB- mainly Norton Utilities 3.0 on some old WIN 95/A/B systems , which I now no longer own , where it wiped out essential files -RRB- . I 've never had any problems with Norton 's Ghost or Anti-Virus products . I highly recommend this product as it makes the task extremely easy to perform .
 Ghost is not for the timid , and I think the concept of Ghost may be confusing to people who are unfamiliar with a DOS prompt , or command line switches . It also does n't help that Ghost is a little unfriendly to GUI people -LRB- Windows Only Users -RRB- . I 've used Ghost for a long time , and like others discovered previous versions of Ghost were not compatible with Windows XP . A further frustration is Norton System Works 2002 is also incompatible with previous versions of Ghost . So I set out to get Ghost 2002 and stumbled onto these reviews which was more then a little unnerving , even for a techie.I finnally broke down and bought it , and I 'm a happy -LRB- Backed up -RRB- camper again . But I had a problem that might help somebody else . The default boot disk Ghost made did not work with NTFS , so I had to make a bootable floppy under Win XP , then select ` GET MS-DOS ' -LRB- while making a Ghost disk -RRB- , which Ghost will store in it 's own folder for making future boot disks with MS-DOS , opposed to the default incompatible PC-DOS . Ghost 2002 is much faster then previous versions , and the Ghost.ini file allows customization of all the program defaults if no command line switches are used . I use this program solely for backing up -LRB- Disk Images -RRB- to other internal hard drives , and I do n't know of a faster , more cost effective solution to this , then Ghost .
 There 's no doubt this program has utility . Nor is there much doubt that it does what it claims . You can , in fact , connect two computers to each other and clone the one onto the other . It 's a wonderfully safe way to make a transition from one machine to another.But there are two important points to be made.First , the program is not really for novices . With enough time , a novice might be able to understand what 's going on , but expect to go into the belly of the Windows beast . This is one of the most boring , arcane corners of computing . Novices will spend a fair amount of time just reading the manual and/or referring to Norton 's website . The truth , fortunately , is out there , but it will take many users several hours to find it . Be advised from the outset that this a tool primarily for IT professionals.Second , this is not a swift process , even after you get everything up and running . The problem comes in the kind of connections you use . You have a choice of parallel or USB connections . Unsurprisingly , the parallel connection option , though the easier , takes forever . To move just a 1.5 gig hard drive image -LRB- tiny by today 's standards -RRB- it will take about 8-9 hours . That 's about 4-5K a second . The USB option is faster , something like 20-30K a second , but finding the cable can be a problem . Unfortunately , the proper high-speed USB hookup is not provided in box , and seems available from only a limited number of places . My local CompUSA , for instance , simply did n't carry the highly specialized cord . The manual tells you where to order it , but that will obviously add unexpected time and money to your equation.Put simply , Ghost is a great program , but patience is required . Do n't order this product if you 're under severe time pressure . Small businesses trying to update a single , mission-critical computer are especially cautioned to build about two weeks into their transfer schedule , so that they can obtain the necessary USB cord and read the manual thoroughly . Whichever connection you end up using , you 'll probably have to make the transfer overnight , so be sure you 've got someone on staff who can afford to spend an evening babysitting this thing . If you have a really large drive image to move -LRB- anything over , say , 10 GB -RRB- , it might take something like a whole weekend .
 This is a great program . Very clear documentation . I bought it because I have two new Dell computers , and they do n't come with a `` Restore CD '' that will return the computer to a like-new configuration . Instead , Dell seems to be shipping most of its computers with a `` Windows Reinstallation CD '' . This simply re-installs a new copy of Windows over the old one , and leaves everything else on the hard drive unchanged . Old software is still on the drive , but is not acknowledged by the new operating system . -LRB- Old junk is on the drive , too . -RRB- A real pain.Using Ghost
 I Have been using acronis true image and drive image 2002 by powerquest and I Can Tell norton ghost 2002 is the winner.I own the cd only and the cd contains interactive instructions of how to use the program , very easy to use and to understand.It Is cheaper than the other two.If you want easy way to make an image of your hard drive , GO for This Beautiful Program . !!
 I 've been using Norton Ghost for a few years at work for quick and easy cloning , but recently saw the need for me to have it at home . I have had several problems with my system over the past few months and was getting frustrated with re-imaging it from square one every time . I bought the download and was making my boot disks within a half hour . I burned an image of my machine right to my CD-R without a problem the first time . For those without prior experience with Ghost , it might take some reading up to get the hang of it , but it 's truly invaluable to have a clean copy of your machine ready to go if disaster strikes . Good product !
 I was about ready to return Norton Ghost 2002 after reading the negative reviews here.I decided to try it for myself and was greatly pleased how fast it made a mirror image of one 12.5 GB hard disk to another . I did n't even need the manual . Just selected Disk - Disk and in 28 minutes it was completed . I turned off my computer and swapped hard drives and re-booted . Exact duplicate and everything runs fine.Count my 4 stars as a PLUS for this product . Yes , you have to enter your license number each time you make a copy , but it just takes a second to type it in and a small price to pay for the power of this product .
 I read the other reviews on this product Norton Ghost 2002 and was amazed at the mixed reviews . I go way back with the Norton products and like the other two products I 'm using
 I 've been using Ghost since the first versions , before the product 's technology purchase by Symantec and the inclusion in the Norton series . This is simply a valuable piece of software for anyone using Windows systems and having no time to waste . Most users know how Windows slowly degrades -LRB- for many reasons -RRB- and needs to be reinstalled from time to time . Installing your OS from scratch can take quite some time , installing the main OS , installing drivers , installing essential software , configuration , all that can take a whole afternoon for a single home system . If after a complete install you create a ghost image , you will be able to restore the OS -LRB- even to an empty HD -RRB- in about 10 minutes -LRB- For a Windows 2000 Professional fully configured , for example -RRB- , exactly as it was when you created the image.Ghost 's main executable code runs in DOS mode , and surprisingly , takes less than 900 kb . That means a single bootable floppy plus the image file can restore your whole system back to the previous state . The process is extremely simple , you write the image , and then later write it back . Most newbies will have no problems using the default settings -LRB- for home usage -RRB- . I 've had a few problems with images failing to boot in previous versions , but in general , results are very positive , and I now ghost every fresh install.Some people complain about the CDR module . I have no opinion on that since I prefer to create the compressed images and record them to CD myself . If you know how to create a bootable CDROM with applications like Ahead 's Nero , you wo n't even need Ghost 's CDR part . You can also boot from a normal floppy and have the images in other sources like CDRW or a remote machine.I do n't care for the Ghost Explorer , and to be honest , only use the single 800kb executable , but in any case , considering the pathetic size , this is one of the most useful and effective pieces of coding I 've ever seen ... Essential for all who have no time to waste , and above all , it is very reliable and stable.Highly recommended .
 I was a refugee from TurboTax this year , after the booby-trapped installation program blew up mid way , ant TT tech support did n't pick up my call after an hour . Nuff said!Tax Cut is really much improved over what it was several years ago when I last used it . The import from TT went without a hitch , and after updating the software from the internet , it did a really nice job . Audit worked without a hitch , very user friendly `` go to '' function which shows what schedules you did complete , which are pending , and which are not used .
 I have used Turbotax since its inception , but of course this year I returned it after I discovered the mess they made of it . I ordered Taxcut from Amazon which came free shipping and no sales tax , a good deal . Since 1949 I have done my taxes , today in addition to my taxes I do my son 's business taxes , schedule C etc. and my two granddaughters taxes . They each downloaded from the 2001 Turbotax program into Taxcut without any problems . After using Turbotax for so many years I had to learn the Taxcut way of doing things but that was no problem they make it all very easy . I am impressed with Taxcut and will use it hereafter . All the necessary forms for the refunds were in the box with the addresses . Reading the problems of others in importing from Turbotax or not finding return addresses for refunds I rather think it is the computer operator rather than a diabolical scheme perpetrated by H&R Block .
 I used Taxcut for the first time in several years and was extremely pleaseantly surprised . It brought forward all of my previous year 's information from Turbotax and even completed the addresses on the w-2 's and other documents using that info . It was even easier to use than last year 's Turbotax , and , even better , it did not have the atrocious copy protection that prevents fair use and the secret spy-ware that Turbotax now does n't even ask you permission for before it installs it permanently on your computer . It e-filed my return with no problems whatsoever , and I do n't even have to mail anything to IRS . Beautiful program !
 I have been using turbo tax since their inception . Shame on them for including c-dilla on this year 's edition . I just finished my taxes using tax cut . It is definitely the way to go ! Again , shame on intuit !
 Lower price , and no anti-cdrw software .
 As a previous TurboTax user I am trying out TaxCut this year . Sorry , this is not a review but a request that if previous TurboTax users are writing a review here please include in your review if you were able to import your TurboTax files.Thanks
 H&R Block 's TaxCut software is easy to use , and a big value for your buck . Once you include the cost of electronic filing and software for your state tax return , plus the short time it takes to get your refund , it 's paid for itself . Particularly if you do n't have a lot of complicated financial matters , this software is great , although it does make handling investments and deductions rather simple.Better than TurboTax , because it 's less complicated , I 'd recommend picking this up in January . Get your refund now !
 I would caution everybody to take the amazon.com reviews for H&R ; Block 's TaxAct 2002 and for Intuit 's TurboTax 2002 with a grain of salt , especially all the one - and five-star reviews which are anonymous -LRB- `` A sofware user '' -RRB- , or sound similarly fake , -LRB- such as `` Barry from San Diego , CA '' and `` Larry from Boston , MA '' -RRB- , especially reviews from names who have n't posted other amazon.com reviews previously . It seems likely to me that a few people who did n't like SafeCast , C-Dilla , and the product activation required for TurboTax started posting multiple bogus negative reviews about TurboTax -LRB- and positive reviews for TaxCut -RRB- without even having used the software , and that one or more Intuit employees or stockholders then began posting multiple one-star and equally phony reviews here for TaxCut -LRB- and fake five-star reviews for TurboTax -RRB- just to `` even the score '' . There 's a lot of baloney here in the reviews for both these software products . Read these reviews with a cynical eye.I 've been reviewing products here for awhile , and this is based on my honest experience . I have no business interest in either company . I used TurboTax for my tax returns from about 1995 through 2001 . I did a lot of Internet research about TurboTax 2002 and its installation of SafeCast and C-Dilla and its product activation , and decided in the end that I did not want TurboTax 2002 installed on my PC . But I was worried about having to type in all the taxpayer , W2 , investment , charitable contribution info , etc. , from scratch , just as a new user would have to do . I need not have worried . TaxCut 2002 imported all of it , just like TurboTax does , from last year 's TurboTax return , without a hitch.Installing and updating TaxCut 2002 was a snap , just like TurboTax 2001 . Be careful , as with any new software , to disable antivirus and other running software , first , and you should n't have a problem . Once installed , TaxCut ran very stably with Norton Antivirus running in the background on my WinXP PC . I have cable modem service , run through a router with firewall . TaxCut 2002 ran and updated just fine , as did previous editions of TurboTax . I did not try to run either product over a network , so I ca n't comment on that . I did not have any technical support issues which required me to call H&R ; Block , so I ca n't comment on that , either . -LRB- Both these issues have been cited by other reviewers claiming to be unhappy with TaxCut 2002 . -RRB- TaxCut 2002 is not as visually appealing as TurboTax 2001 . As an example , entering 1099 data in TaxCut 's Interview , the data entry boxes overlap some of the program text regardless of screen resolution , making things a bit hard to read , but not fatally so . The visual appeal of tax software is not a big deal to me . TaxCut 's printed tax forms look just fine.You can use Interview format , or Forms entry format , or go back and forth as you please , with TaxCut just as well as TurboTax . Item-specific help is available in TaxCut 2002 , as with TurboTax , however , it was a little easier to access in TurboTax 2001 . In * neither * product is it as easy as it should be to quickly find an answer to a specific question about a line on a tax return.Just like TurboTax 2001 , TaxCut 2002 has a very annoying tendency to market additional goods and services to its users . Low marks for both programs for this aggravation.In the end , TaxCut 2002 did everything I needed accurately and without hanging me up . Its significantly lower price and the ability to avoid potential problems with C-Dilla and product activation required by TurboTax made it the better value for me this year . I 'm glad I switched and can recommend it to other Intuit refugees .
 Taxcut is excellent . It 's just like having your own personal accountant right there with you . In fact , it has shown me where I could save additional money on a number of occasions . That alone has more than paid for the software for the entire time I 've been using it . I also like how Taxcut helps make your tax return more `` audit proof , '' and how quick and almost automatic it is . It uses an easy question and answer process . Then it prints out everything you need ready to send in -LRB- or e-file if you want -RRB- . All in all , Taxcut is very easy to use and makes doing your taxes pretty darn painless . I 've been recommending Taxcut to my friends and neighbors for a long time . It works .
 I switched to TaxCut last year and TurboTax 's inclusion of CDilla spyware in this year 's version only clarified my decision . TaxCut is almost identical to TurboTax in many ways , and functions just as well as TT but without the spyware . I have no issues with TT 's decision to use copy protection , but spyware -LRB- which you does not uninstall if/when you uninstall TurboTax -RRB- crosses the line.The only flaw that I can see with TaxCut is the state filing . When installing and loading the State version , I get a message to install an update to get the latest information . When I click the `` Update Now '' button , I 'm told I have the latest update - BUT I ca n't go any further in the State preparation until I `` Update Now . '' A 10 minute search on the TaxCut website reveals that some states do not have the latest information available , and you ca n't use TaxCut State -LRB- if your state is one of those -RRB- until the update is available - mid-February for me . Why is n't this information given at installation , or when the `` Update Now '' button is presented ? Why not allow me to at least start my State preparation while I wait for the update ?
 Buy TaxCut NOT Intuit 's TurboTax . Intuit 's TurboTax installs C-Dilla spyware , which hogs your computers resources , and does n't get removed when Turbotax is uninstalled . You would also have to purchase a new copy or spend lots of time on the phone with intuit trying to convince them your not a criminal if you upgrade yoru machine . None of that is worth it , buy Turbotax instead!How dare they add anything that could remotely be spyware to one of the most sensitive things -LRB- Tax return -RRB- that 's on my computer .
 I have been using Taxcut for 4 + years and have been delighted with the program . I have gotten much more money back using the recommendations that the software provides and the speed of my return is phenominal , usually in 8-10 days with e-filing and direct deposit . Another plus is that all of the information such as social security numbers etc. are saved from year to year , saving you from having to re-type them every year . The only -LRB- and this is just a very picky point -RRB- is the shameless advertisement for other various H & R Block services that they offer , and in usually at a much higher cost than this software . Overall a superior tax filing program that makes doing your taxes easy and -LRB- somewhat -RRB- painless .
 I started using this for the first time this year because of the brain dead shenanigans being pulled by the folks who did TurboTax.I must say right now I am impressed.It mostly looks like any other tax software out there , but I noticed right away that the question/answer session seems to be a lot more well laid out . The questions are easier to understand . Granted , I am no dummy when it comes to finance software , but a lot of people are , and I can see this being a huge advantage for other folks.Probably the best thing though is the price . ...
 Wow , the reviews are quite spotty for a very good and capable program . I am always wary of reviews , and it appears Intuit -LRB- Turbo Tax -RRB- may have required its employees to submit competitive reviews . I am not affiliated with either product and have used both , but last year switched to Tax Cut for several well publicized reasons -- see previous posts.Tax Cut is cranky about using TT 's data , so be prepared to fill in some data . Had worse problems when I switched from Tax Cut to TT three years back and needed to re-enter all the previous year 's data . These programs do keep improving each year.I run XP , have broadband cable , run a wireless home network , and have had no issues with initial loading , downloading updates , or getting the program to work . The rebates for upgrading , free state program , on-line filings , other included freebies , all showed-up within 60 days . I also used the call-a-consultant service for advice on a real estate question and was charged the the nominal fee.Tax Cut handled all the forms on my 1040 fine , which included capital gains , carryovers , etc. , and I had no repercussions from the IRS or worse , California . The program does n't have as much `` fluff '' as TT , and is pretty straightforward , with not as much hand-holding , but is not invasive either.The only negative was it was a little baulky in getting the Fed return co-odinated with my CA State return , but this could have been `` pilot error '' . Overall , a competent product .
 I have been a loyal TurboTax user for over 5 years , and I had planned on using it this year . However , after reading the many reviews on TurboTax this year , I decided to try TaxCut . I found it just as easy to use as TurboTax . It transferred all of my information from last year 's TurboTax without problems , and I was able to transfer my financial information from Quicken 2002 as well . I would give it 5 stars except that for any tax help , there is a fee . I do n't think TurboTax charges a fee for e-mail questions , just telephone assistance with tax questions . I will probably use TaxCut next year . TacCut Deluxe was also less expensive than TurboTax Deluxe .
 I 've used TurboTax for 4 years . This year I was getting ready to buy it again . Came to amazon to check price and began reading the reviews . TT made changes and the bad reviews scared me . I decided not to take the chance and checked into TaxCut . Sure glad I did . Just loaded it and began on this years taxes . Spent about 2 hrs and finished 75 % . I was worried it would take me forever . The sofware loaded on W98 great . Imported last years TT fine . Updates over cable modem went without a hitch . It did freeze once in the middle of adding a capital gain -LRB- actually a loss -RRB- . But I restarted , went back to the form and it had saved all entries up to the crash . No problems . I love it . The interview is more thorough than TT . I have n't finished yet but so far so GREAT ! And I 'm getting money back from Uncle Sam . Yeeehawww ! Right now I 'm glad they forced me to change !
 Heard about the c-dilla issue from my friend at work , and my 80 year old aunt . So I decided to try Tax cut . It did n't handle my stock purchase plan as easy as Turbo tax , and I did n't have any ISO 's this year , so no issue with stock options . The rest of it went well , no major complaints . I have been impressed with Turbo-Tax 's SPP and Stock option handling over the last couple of years . I missed that on Tax Cut . I bought the software , did my taxes , and efile 'd all in one day . My wife was shocked . It did get faked out on my big refund of two years ago that I put off , it said to go to publication 525 , but did n't say what page of this multi page pdf file . -LRB- I hate PDF 's -RRB- I found it after 5-10 frustrating minutes . Free Tax got it right , although it assumed the worst case . Next year I migh go either way , I 'm sure Turbo Tax will learn their lesson from this year.No spy ware for me . I just wanted to send Turbo-Tax a shot over the bow .
 This is my first time using TaxCut . In prior years I used Turbo Tax but this year before I bought I read the reviews at Amazon.com and decided I did n't want to go through the same hassles that others have with Turbo Tax this year and decided to switch to TaxCut . I was worried about trying a new tax program but it really was very easy to use , just as easy as Turbo Tax . I ca n't comment about the problems with Turbo Tax this year because I did n't buy it but hopefully TaxCut will not repeat the same mistake Turbo Tax is making . Turbo Tax has lost my business and probably for many years to come because I do n't switch software programs every year if it is working ... unless TaxCut gives me a reason to switch .
 I 'm one of those who switched to TaxCut this year because of TurboTax 's activation scheme . It 's too bad since I consider it to be a great product and have used it for several years . However , it 's not so great a product that I 'd bother with its non-value adding hurdles - I 've got better things to do with my time , like my taxes.TaxCut is good - not as good as TurboTax in my opinion . Still , it imported my TurboTax file without a hitch and I did my federal and state taxes in about an hour . However , there was some bugginess with updating the state tax forms - it took a few tries.Also , it 's cheaper!If TaxCut decides to follow the path of distrusting its customers , then I may very well just switch back to TurboTax , unless the price difference is too much .
 I 've had problems with TurboTax in the past . TurboTax 2001 would crash periodically during updates , and there was other flaky behavior as well -LRB- a `` yes '' button that behaved like a `` no '' button for example -RRB- . After reading the reviews of TurboTax 2002 and the included spyware -LRB- and YES IT IS spyware , this is not a myth -RRB- , I was happy to try TaxCut instead . It imported my 2001 TurboTax information without any problems , and I completed my taxes without any glitches . Combine this with the cheaper pricetag , and I can safely say I am very happy I made the switch . In fact , I 'm telling everyone I know to do the same , as I think it 's important to send a message to Inuit LOUD AND CLEAR that adware and spyware can not be tolerated .
 I 've tried both products . I am sticking with TaxCut for the price , performance and support advantages over TurboTax . I got a better refund with TaxCut too.I have n't encountered the same problems as `` A software user from Foster City '' has . Downloads and updates work fine for me - even through a proxy server . Do you work for Intuit ? The reviewers -LRB- WSJ , PCMag -RRB- had more problems with Turbo than TaxCut . At least the `` family license '' for TaxCut enables fair use . Is Intuit in dire financial need that they have to squeeze every last drop of cash out of their users with C-Dilla ?
 I have been using TaxCut since 1998 to do my taxes -LRB- and believe it or not , I still have the installation CD 's back to ' 98 -RRB- . Yeah , I know ... . sad , but true . Anyway , I found TaxCut to be very user friendly and easy to navigate . I 've never had any of the problems other users are saying they 've had . In fact , I ca n't be happier . I mean , it 's not all that expensive , you get the State Program for free -LRB- after rebate -RRB- and in some areas , you also get other software for free with it -LRB- after rebate . -RRB- Last year & the year before , I got Microsoft Money basic for free after rebate . What more can a person ask for ? If you take your taxes to a professional , you 're going to pay no less than probably -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- even for the most basic return . My returns are not complicated and I had done them by hand for years until I decided to try TaxCut . I 've been happy with it ever since . I just feel better about the accuracy and legibility of the forms using Taxcut . I 'm considering buying it for filing year 2002 as well ... Wish me luck !!
 H&R Blocks Tax Cut does n't use the Spyware tool C-Dilla . Intuit introduced this Spyware , C-Dilla , tool to it 's longtime customers last year . The Spyware , C-Dilla , prevents you from doing your taxes on your notebook , then transfering them to your desk-top for printing . The Spyware , C-Dilla , prevents you from retrieving your taxes , in case of an audit , if you buy a new computer . Do n't have a hard drive failure near tax filing time with the Spyware , C-Dilla , installed . Intuit made the choice between Turbo Tax and Tax Cut easy when they introduced the Spyware , C-Dilla . They sent their customers in droves over to buy H&R 's Tax Cut . Thats why I started using H&R 's Tax Cut !!!
 I 've used TurboTax for years , but this year based upon price , I decided to try TaxCut - it works great ! I e-filed my return quickly and easily.Plus , you do n't have to worry about the spyware in Turbotax !
 Switched to TaxCut this year . Easy to use . Similiar user interface as TurboTax -LRB- Interview or Form mode -RRB- . For simple returns , either TaxCut or TurboTax would do . so price is my # 1 factor and I got this for free after rebate .
 I originaly went with Turbotax 4 years ago because it was the premier -LRB- not to mention the only one I knew -RRB- Tax Software.I was dissapointed . There customer service was extremely lacking , not offering a 1-800 number for me to call with questions -LRB- something some do n't care about , but is important to me -RRB- . I stuck with it the second year because I wanted to easily import the previous year . Still had problems but stuck it out.The third year I had to download their state program . They made sure to take my credit card info before I downloaded it . My internet connection was lost , and I had to go through the whole thing all over again . Guess what ? That 's right - TurboTax billed me TWICE . And , keeping with tradition , they would n't give me a 1-800 number . I had to call LONG DISTANCE to get my money back . And when I tried , I got the run around.Enter year four . I certainly had enough of TurboTax , and went with TaxCut.I found it immediately WAY better . Not only do they seem to actually treat me well , but everything I had imported well into their program , and it 's just as good , and in some ways , better , than TurboTax ever was.Year five , I go to purchase it again from Amazon . Just out of curiocity I look up TurboTax . All the customers rated it a one star because now they install spyware on your system.Go figure . Par for the course with this company.Everyone is starting to realize what I realized last year . Do n't go with TurboTax . Maybe some day they 'll wake up and actually realize there 's this thing called customer service . But until then , get TaxCut . It 's a better program anyway !
 Purchased TurboTax as I do each year . This year dueto big problems with the Product Activation I returnedTurboTax and purchased TaxCut . Not only did I have no troublerunning the software , it imported all of my data from lastyears TurboTax files .
 After reading the reviews , I noticed someone gave the following false information regarding Turbotax imports , `` The program looks for old * . t01 files regardless of whether or not you select to import TaxCut or TurboTax files . `` This is incorrect , if you select to import from ` Turbotax ' it looks for a file with a . TAX extension , and only . T01 for taxcut imports . I 've sucessfully imported last years Turbotax return with no problems at all.Overall Taxcut seems excellent , the only downside so far is that you have to pay extra for ` DeductionPro ' , which helps you work out values for charitable donations .
 This will be my 6th year in a row to use TaxCut . In the past I have never had any problems with this software . It is so simple to do your taxes . I even have investment and rental house income and many deductions , it is nice to be able to do my taxes myself without having to pay an accountant . I especially like how easily it is to electronically file my federal and state returns . I recommend this software to all of my family and friends , it has n't done me wrong yet .
 I was ready to buy TurboTax for the 5th year until I realized -LRB- 1 -RRB- I did n't get the normal renewal offer from the company for this year 's product but , more importantly -LRB- 2 -RRB- The reviews all over the net testified to the manufacturer 's use of `` activation '' and installation of spyware . That 's when I decided to just say no.I bought TaxCut and shortly after installation and importation of last year 's data -LRB- from TurboTax -RRB- , I was greeted with an interview that makes me feel right at home - it 's like TurboTax 's interview and I 'm glad I made the switch.Buy Taxcut this year and forget TurboTax .
 For the vast majority of taxpayers , -LRB- i.e. those that do not own a business -RRB- , figuring your tax really is n't that hard , even on paper . It is just tedious . For these typical taxpayers , there is no significant difference between TaxCut and TurboTax . Since TaxCut is cheaper , that is what I buy . The program , as always , was fairly simple to use ; I just filled in the blanks . Doing my associated state return simply involved hitting `` Next '' about a dozen times . All the blanks were filled for me . By hand , filling the form takes a couple of hours.Including installing the software , my taxes were done in a half hour total . After filing my return , I was infomred it was accepted by the IRS in about 15 minutes . Could n't be easier .
 I have n't been entirely happy with TurboTax these last few years , and now that they have crippled their software and bundled persistent spy-ware I have switched to TaxCut . It 's better and more user friendly . I wish I would have switched sooner . Shame on you TurboTax .
 I switched to TaxCut this year because I am unwilling to put up with TurboTax 's `` product activation '' inconvenience , but I used TT for many years , and also checked out this year 's TurboTax -LRB- ex-wife 's copy -RRB- for comparison purposes.The programs share several annoying flaws :1 . Neither works right on a network , which is nonsense ; lots of people have home networks for sharing printers , internet connections , etc. , and it is often convenient to do at least some work on one 's business computer . In the case of TT , given their piracy paranoia , I presume this is intentional , so lots of people at an office ca n't share a single copy on a network . What 's TaxCut 's excuse ? TurboTax at least tells you , up front , that they `` do n't support '' use on a network . Tax Cut does n't -LRB- or , if it does , I missed it -RRB- .2 . The quality and quantity of help and technical support have been going down year by year in TurboTax , whether within the program , by phone , or on their web site . This year , TaxCut is no better , help-wise , than TT -LRB- dunno about past years for TC , since , until this year , I was a loyal TurboTax user -RRB- . Neither is really acceptable this year if you have a problem , and neither is as good as TurboTax was a few years ago . I encountered problems with both programs that I only managed to fix because of people on newsgroups and boards -- no thanks to Intuit or Block . At TurboTax , things may be slightly worse , simply because they 're having to devote so many resources to dealing with product activation problems . But Tax Cut is no great shakes in the help/tech support areas . And past TurboTax experience suggests that both will only get worse as April 15 gets closer .3 . Both TT and TC are obnoxious about hawking their other programs/services/tie-ins . I find the TaxCut interview process slightly better designed than TurboTax 's , as I did n't have to mindlessly click `` no '' to inapplicable questions as much with TaxCut as with TurboTax . TaxCut also makes it easier to deal directly with forms . For people who do n't know what they 're doing , but do n't have ultra-simple returns , TurboTax 's more mindless approach may be better.But all in all , the programs are very much alike , to the point that I assume a lot of espionage and comparison is going on between them . I 'd give Tax Cut a very slight edge on functionality , and it 's considerably cheaper . If you do n't object to Intuit 's product activation nonsense , I 'd still give TaxCut an endge.Of course , I * do * object , very , very strongly , to TurboTax 's product activation nonsense . I find it completely unacceptable , and I will not buy TurboTax , or any other Intuit product , as long as they 're using it . Lucky for me , Block does n't have the nonsense , and is a more-than-acceptable alternative otherwise .
 OK I 'm another long-time -LRB- 6 years -RRB- TurboTax user that switched to Taxcut . I finished filing my returns yesterday . After reading the reviews for both TurboTax and Taxcut , I almost did my taxes by hand . As it turns out , for me at least , some of the more the ominous Taxcut feedback -LRB- the ones with single stars -RRB- was mostly hype.My return is moderately complex , with regular and passive income , capital gains , itemized deductions , carryover losses etc. . At the end of the day , Taxcut handled it all fine . Here are some positives that address some of the negative feedback :1 . Imported last year 's TurboTax data perfectly . There was one minor glitch in interpreting it , which I 'll explain below .2 . Performed two online updates via dialup , one via LAN , they all worked fine3 . Properly handled the carryover loss , which had to be treated differently for Fed and State4 . Interview worked fine - never ran into a question like `` please fill in form X `` 5 . Navigation through fields worked fine with the Tab key and arrows6 . E-filing worked great . Yeah the return got rejected a couple of times because Taxcut did n't ask me to fill in fields that the IRS and FTB wanted , but the error status pointed me right to the problems and I fixed them easily , and re-filed . Never crashed , no `` socket warnings '' , etc. . I e-filed via dialup.The only thing I can think of that might make a difference is alot of people seem to be using the XP OS . I 'm using Win 98 , and Win 2000 . Maybe Taxcut has issues with XP.Taxcut did what TurboTax made harder this year - I completed the return on my home PC and loaded Taxcut on my work PC only to print it out.Here are a couple of negatives :1 . The program crashed about 5 or 6 times while completing my return , mostly when I was bouncing around between different sections . While annoying , I never lost data , in fact Taxcut seems to retain data even if you do n't save the file manually .2 . When you e-file , you use your last year 's AGI as an electronic signature . Taxcut pulled the wrong figure -LRB- gross income vs. AGI -RRB- from my TurboTax data . I was able to override the field and it worked fine . My return was still rejected because my spouse 's AGI did n't match , even though I filed MFJ last year ! Taxcut does n't allow you to specify spouse 's AGI in that case , so I had to fake it out and go through as though it was filed separately , override the spouse AGI , and then go back and change the filing status . For some reason , even though the status is MFJ , Taxcut provides a spouse AGI and the IRS checks it . Minor annoyance.Overall I like Taxcut and would use it again . I also liked TurboTax alot . Not sure what I 'm going to do next year . Either program beats doing taxes by hand by a mile .
 I have been using TurboTax since 1995 . This year I switched , mainly because of the TurboTax activation code issue , but I also liked paying less.The interface was ok -LRB- I found it easier than TurboTax -RRB- and the interview worked fine . Moving around was fairly easy , albeit a little slow at times.Updates worked with only one flaw
 I have always done my taxes by hand without any difficulties . But because each year I keep getting uncomfortably close to having to fill out the AMT form -LRB- 6251 -RRB- , I decided to try out a tax software package this year . As a 14-year user of Quicken , I naturally thought of Turbo Tax first . But after reading the horrendous reviews of TurboTax and its oppressive activation scheme , I decided on Tax Cut . I was not sorry . The program installed flawlessly , but it did take about a half hour to download the product updates via 56k modem . -LRB- Maybe this is my justification to upgrade to DSL . -RRB- It did take a little adjustment to the interview concept but after awhile I got into the swing of it . Also , due to memory limitations of my printer , I needed to print each form individually . But I have no major gripes against the software . It made my federal tax filing easy . Next year I plan to buy both the federal and state versions and let it do both of my returns.So I have no hesitations recommending Tax Cut . In fact , I recommended it to a friend at work who had been a TurboTax user . He switched to Tax Cut and had no problems importing his Turbo Tax file from last year.One editorial comment
 I was a TurboTax user . I bought TaxCut Deluxe this year because I hate TT 's spyware . On my Windows 2000 PC , TaxCut runs fine , no problem . Frankly speaking , the software itself is not as easy to use as TurboTax . But it does the job , and it does not have spyware . That 's the whole reason I swithed to TaxCut , and I 'm happy with the switching .
 I have been using turbo tax since their inception . Shame on them for including c-dilla on this year 's edition . I just finished my taxes using tax cut . It is definitely the way to go ! Again , shame on intuit !
 TaxCut 2002 Deluxe is a easy to use tax program for a very reasonable price . Upon starting a return , the user is prompted to answer simple questions during an `` interview '' phase . After a few yes/no responses and some data entry -LRB- assuming you do n't use Quicken or Money -RRB- , your return is complete . It includes easy navigation to return to sections of your return not yet completed . TaxCut is better than the popular TurboTax since TaxCut does n't install resource-wasting spyware and because TaxCut is cheaper . My one complaint is that TaxCut prompts you to `` update '' the software before u file the return . This is a mjor problem if your internet connection is 56k dial-up since the update is 14MB . With a broadband connection , however , this is n't a concern.Overall a great bargain !
 I just used TaxCut for the first time after being a Turbo Tax user for many years . I was delighted ! Contrary to some reviews on this site , I found that this year TaxCut does read in last year 's Turbo Tax file , making the switch totally painless . The features that I had appreciated in the previous software were there . The free state program makes it a deal . No D-Cilla spyware on your computer ! E-filing was a total breeze . This program is so easy to use I did n't have to consult help of any kind . From reading other reviews it appears that TaxCut may have a problem if you have to deal with multiple states - if that is not your case , TaxCut will work great for you .
 Both Taxcut federal and state -LRB- California -RRB- worked perfectly for me . No missing forms , no calculations left to me , and nothing extra I had to do . I had a moderately difficult return -LRB- moving between states last year -RRB- and the total time to get all my returns done was about 2 1/2 hours . In previous years I 've used turbotax , but the price and spyware/registration difficulties scared me off , since I was preparing my return on the 12th . No time to fix it if I had problems w / turbotax . Downloaded both the fed . and state packages , got a full rebate for the price of the state package , and was working on the taxes about a half hour after I started the purchase . I 'll definitly use taxcut next year .
 I used TaxCut years ago and switched to TurboTax . After reading the Amazon.com reviews on both products , I am switching back - ESPECIALLY once I read on TaxCut 's web page that TaxCut allows you to import from TurboTax . QUOTE
 I used TurboTax for years , but after reading the reviewsregarding the spyware on TurboTax , and many good reviews for TaxCut , I went for TaxCut . Not sorry I switched -LRB- really switchedback as I used TaxCut years ago -RRB- . Only complaints might be - heavy advertising of H&R block services -LRB- are you sure you can handle this on your own ? -RRB- . Seems likea conflict of interest -LRB- do n't make it too obvious or we 'll putour tax prep business out of business -RRB- . - Could n't find any info on 1099-Q forms and how to reportthat data ! - State tax - one form had to be obtained from state website .
 I 've used TurboTax for 8 years but have switched to TaxCut this year due to the spyware and activation requirement in TT . -LRB- See reviews on TurboTax -RRB- I 'm glad I 'm using TaxCut . I 've had no issues with it , its just as intuitive as TT -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , and it costs less . My hard disk crashed big time yesterday and I decided to replace the PC . If I would have bought TT , I would have had to buy another copy just to get it installed on the replacement PC -LRB- or spend just as much on long distance calls to Intuit support -RRB- . That 's reverse software piracy . Not so with TaxCut , I had it re-installed and finished my taxes in no time . Buy TaxCut -LRB- or anything other than TurboTax -RRB- and save yourself some needless aggravation .
 I do n't even remember getting this through Amazon in 2002 ... this is 2012 . It must have been OK as I used it to prepare taxes .
 This is the first year I used TaxCut , after being a loyal paying customer of Turbo Tax for the last 4 years . After reading all the negative reviews for Turbo Tax 2002 , I did n't even bother . They have included Spyware with their program as well as having the new horrible activation . If TaxCut never starts using an activation system like Turbo Tax started this year , I will be buying the TaxCut program every year . Good bye Turbo Tax , hello TaxCut !!!
 I have been a loyal user of TurboTax by Intuit for years . This year they loaded up their software with spyware that killed my hard drive and then they would not give me a new code to install it on my new hard drive . I returned the TurboTax for a full refund from BJ 's Wholesale Clube and tried TaxCut . I think the user interface in TaxCut is much better and it imported my TurboTax files from last year with no problems . I highly recommend this product .
 As a customer of TurboTax for many years , I was really put off by the restrictions that their new security system imposed on my use of the software . When I buy software , I expect to be able to reinstall it if upgrade my computer or harddrive , or to put it on several computers that I frequently use -LRB- and YES , maybe even PRINT from either of them -RRB- not to have to pay again , and again ... Good thing I read Amazon.com customer reviews before purchasing the software or I would have been burnt . That TurboTax would install a permanently running monitor program on your computer without informing you , and worse yet to leave it there after uninstalling TurboTax , is deplorable -LRB- NO , I do n't accept that I need to go to their website and download an uninstall program in order to get it off my computer -RRB- . When a company starts thumbing its nose at its loyal customers like this , its inviting them to walk . Count me in that group . Hasta luego Turbo Tax .
 I used TurboTax the previous year , but when I learned about their product activation -LRB- = customer-hassles -RRB- `` scheme '' I decided to try TaxCut , and found out that it is as good IF NOT BETTER than TurboTax . I see no reason to go back to old TurboTax after trying TaxCut . The navigation is EXCELLENT - much improved . Thank you TaxCut !
 After many years using TurboTax -LRB- Intuit -RRB- I used H&R 's TaxCut this year and found it every bit as good -LRB- and with less commercials -RRB- . Why switch ? Well , Intuit got greedy and wanted to install spyware on my PC to make sure I 'm the only one that uses the software copy . While I understand their concern -LRB- same for all software developers -RRB- , the approach was heavy handed and caused additional problems for the majority of honest users .
 I 'll never use Quicken again based on their lastest ` activation methods . That includes Quicken as well as their tax sofware , even if its free .
 The interface is similar to turbotax . I switched from turbotax and had no problem using it . E-filed 2 weeks ago and got my refund deposited into my checking account today ...
 Since Intuit 's has expressed such contempt for their customers with this years release of unannounced spyware and their legendary absence of customer support , I felt compelled to make the switch to TaxCut , although with some reluctance . Not to worry !! TaxCut operates very much like TurboTax , but without the headaches . Being a first time user I found some areas a little confusing , since it is a different product . I will definitely stay with TaxCut next year . Next to go is Quicken . Intuit has shot themselves in the foot .
 I have not yet used the 2002 edition , but I have used previous editions for the last three years . It is pretty good software , and the first year it caught a deduction I missed that saved me a couple hundred bucks . My only complaint is that it is not straight forward to go back and make changes to sections that you have completed -- it can be quite confusing . I will pay for it again this year , but you would think that software used by this many people would have more than two competitors . I was hoping for a < $ 10 program that would read info from my last year 's Tax Cut data and provide a state return as well , but I could n't find one this year .
 The greatest strength of `` Norton Internet Security 2002 '' lies not in its capabilities , but in its reasonable price . The well-integrated components -LRB- i.e
 When we got our high speed internet for the first time , we shortly afterward got a virus . Then we got this , and we have n't had a problem since . I was surprised how many times you get hacked with a subseven , and if you have cable internet , this is a necesity . 5 stars definately
 The Norton Internet Security 2002 is a great product . Thesecurity alerts are informative . But unlike Mcaffes firewall , itdoes not give proxy info . about the attacking computer or allowyou to trace the location of the attacking computer or to reportthe attack . The privacy control is ok for hiding your e-mailfrom websites , however , the cookie blocking fuction -LRB- double clickcookies -RRB- is ok , but if you have I.E. 6.0 then this function isunneeded . The ad blocking fuction -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is not as goodas the freeware ad blockers . IT will cause some web pages not toload at all . There should have been more ways to adjust the adblocking than just to enable and disable , and the instructionswere way to complex to fix this problem . So I 've disabled it andwent back to freeware ad blocking . I ca n't comment on theparental control since I choose not to install it . All thisconsidered , I would still recomend this product .
 I recently purchased this software and I have recieved no problems unlike some of the reviews here . It 's an easy all-in-one security package ! It walks you through every section for set up . I love the little alerts that pop up when an outsider attempts to intrude my laptop . It even performs live updates on virus protection and many more ! Must buy for PC users .
 Ive been using Nortons over the last few years and have been impressed with the fact that its very easy to use , Doenst cost Additional to have live updates , and offers consistant protection from viruses.I have been attacked by viruses at about 3 a month on average . Not one has got by . Of course , you need to keep using live update mon-fri -LRB- there are no updates sat and sun , . . the guys have to rest sometime ! -RRB- But , you can set it up to do it in the backround automatically . They really have impressed me over the competition .
 NIS is better than ever . It is much more automatic at creating firewall rules than the previous versions . Since I installed it , it has blocked a number of attacks . You would not believe how often cable modem-ed PCs are attacked ! In addition , the ad-blocking and anti-virus features are a must .
 This is a very good product . I would never buy McAfee . It kept locking up my 98 computer . So I installed Norton and never had 1 problem . All I did was waste money on McAfee . Now I bought a new computer with XP . It had norton already installed . It is A great product .
 Absoulutely outstanding . After several damaging virus 's and hacker attacks , I purchased this software to protect my system on which I operate a small home based business . Since installing this easy to use software , I have not had a single succesful attack.The auto download gets your virus definitions up to date easily . The firewall protects sensitive info from being stolen , and the email virus scan protects you from all known email virus.A must have for anyone who spends alot of time on the internet .
 This is a good product , but the 2003 line is better . NortonInternet Security 2003 contains an OUTSTANDING ad blockingfeature . After installation , I visited numerous sites which hadpreviously dumped loads of pop-up and pop-under ad windows andflash-based ads on my screen , but now -- POOF -- no more trash , with no discernable negative effects on web page loading . Plusad banners are effectively eliminated -- so all you get is the webpage you want . After a week of intensive use , I have yet to finda problem with this software . I find it difficult to praisethis product enough -- it delivers every feature smoothly andefficiently , as advertised . I have it installed on my computeralong with Norton Cleansweep -- no conflicts or flaws noted .
 I have read many reviews of people who have had the software crash their system . I am a user who always pushes my machine to attempt a crash so I can see the limits of the system , and have not had Internet Security crash my system yet , and not from a lack of trying . I own a Dell 8100 , running XP , cable modem , and have way too much stuff loaded on my system , which is mostly used for number crunching.On a loaded , fairly up-to-date system with up-to-date software and hardware drivers , I have had no problems with this at all.For the features , it has the basics plus other features I use but did n't knowI had any use for before.As for a buggy unistall mentioned by other , I would not know . I have no desire at all to remove this software from my system .
 I did a port scan on my computer before installing Internet Security and found vulnerable areas open to attack . After installing just the trial version , I was not able to find any open ports and also stopped 6 hackers from attacking my computer ... and that was in just 3 days ! It even tells you the I.P. address of the attacker . I 'll be buying this program as soon as my trial is nearing it 's end . This is a good one !
 I had a lot problems with Mcafee Internet Security 4 but this runs on win ME with no problems
 The installation wizard made this a breeze to install ! -LRB- even for a non-techie -RRB- The protection features exceeded my expectations , and like any Symantec product , speaks quality . With the ability to set `` rules '' for protection , I am confident that I have full internet protection .
 I installed Norton Internet Security 2002 on my Windows XP system recently , and it runs very smoothly . I read previous reviews on this program , so I knew I needed to follow the packaged instructions exactly . Be sure and prepare your computer before you install NIS 2002 . Disable the Windows XP Firewall , and remove any anti-virus programs you have running before installation . It 's also a good idea to create the emergency rescue disks . These are very easy to make , and the included instructions will guide you through this process . Overall , I am very pleased with this program , so I have given it a five-star rating .
 I installed Norton Internet Security with my Windows ME system . All is working well . I 've recently switched to a cable modem and within a day of installing it the software detected an intrusion . Whether or not it was a `` true '' intrusion , I do n't know ... but what I do know if that a firewall is a must .
 norton internet security is an excellent product it will offer toyou high protectionyou will find all the security tools firewall , add blocking , you canblock java , norton antivirus which all the world consider it # 1antivirusalso you can protect your children from dangerus sites with partenal control but the partnal control will slowdown yourinternet connection specially if you use like me a dial-up modemand for this reason i give the product 4 stars instead of 5 starsyou can give norton internet security a try and i think youwill have a good software
 norton internet security is an excellent product it will offer toyou high protectionyou will find all the security tools firewall , add blocking , you canblock java , norton antivirus which all the world consider it # 1antivirusalso you can protect your children from dangerus sites with partenal control but the partnal control will slowdown yourinternet connection specially if you use like me a dial-up modemand for this reason i give the product 4 stars instead of 5 starsyou can give norton internet security a try and i think youwill have a good software
 I downloaded this software from Amazon.com and installed it within a few minutes . The setup is painless and the software prompts you for all the necessary information . As different software programs on your computer attempt to access the internet , Norton Internet Security will ask you to give or deny permission for internet access . The combined virus software also works great . It automically downloads and installs new virus information . It quickly scans incoming emails without interfering with the funtionality of Outlook . You can also set it up to scan outgoing email . This feature is a bit annoying but is easily disabled . When a virus is located , the program takes the necessary action and provides you with the option to obtain more information about the virus . All in all a great product !! I also recommend downloading the software directly from Amazon.com . That way you can be up in running in minutes and save on shipping costs .
 This software is the best around . With firewall and antivirus these two programs will stop a hacker and will never bother you again . I have been with Norton for about 4 years and I will not switch back to Mcaffee .
 When protecting yourself on the internet , you do n't want to take any chances . Viruses and hackers roam the internet looking for unsuspecting and unprotected computers to exploit , usually for bad purposes . The sad truth is that most individuals are vulnerable.Internet Security holds the keys and locks your computer from the outside world . It includes powerful cookie controls , and privacy controls . Did you know that websites sometimes request your private information and your browser often gives it to them ? How many people know your address now ? Cookies are everywhere even in some HTML emails , this program will allow you to block them permanently.Internet Security also includes an excellent firewall program to help keep unauthorized users off your computer , and a parental control tool to help you decide what you do and do not want to see . There is a lot of trash on the internet these days , and parental control helps all of us filter out that junk!Included with this suite is Norton AntiVirus 2002 , to help protect your computer from viruses and trojans . This program scans everything including your incoming and outgoing email to help protect you and your computer . Everything stays up to date for a year with the use of LiveUpdate.This program is completely customizable , easy to install and configure , and the best that you can buy ! Do n't waste time waiting for your computer to be attacked , protect yourself now !
 The best home Firewall software on the market . I 've used Symantec products for 15 years plus , and this is but another of their fine packages . Be forwarned though , If you 've already bought Norton AntiVirus 2002 or Norton SystemWorks 2002 , you 'll be getting a 2nd copy of Norton AntiVirus that is included in this package.Symantec needs to forwarn folks about this.As far as THIS title goes , however , I would highly recommend it . I 've got a cable modem at home , and N. Internet Security has stopped EVERY hacker that attempted access to my system .5 star software , folks !
 I finally learned about trojan horses the hard way after I got my cable modem . Internet Security 2001 was the only thing that has totally safeguarded my system . Symantec stays up on internet threats and this is a product 100 % worth upgrading every year . Do n't mess around , because $ ... is nothing compared to the woes of your computer suddenly failing . Plus , the upgrade is only $ 11 per year after you buy the full package.This version also includes the world standard for virus protection and , hallelujah , ad blocking for those annoying pop-up ads that just about everyone has now . As my mother might say , this product `` makes your internet happy '' .
 Norton Internet Security is an essential set of programs IF you 1 . -RRB- have a PC w/internet connection , and 2 . -RRB- are using Windows 98 3 . -RRB- and can not afford a hardware firewall . This review for all intents and purposes is based on compatibility with a Win 98 system . If you are using a different operating system , I recommend reading review from people using the same OS.So why do I so highly recommed Norton Internet Security 2002 that I would give it 5 stars ? I have NOT experienced any problems with stabilty and it is quite useful . It has 2 very important features for us internet users including VIRUS PROTECTION that is easy to update and Symantic is good about updating definitions nearly on a daily basis , and a FIREWALL that is highly configurable , and compatible with home networks . Yes this means you probably need to read the manual -LRB- which is on the CD by the way -RRB- , but a little reading never hurt anybody -LRB- you might fall asleep though ; - -RRB- New to the 2002 suite is the capability to scan your computer for programs that access the internet , and you can auto configure or manualy . The cookie blocking feature is not neccessary for internet explorer 6 users because of the new privacy feature , but with Norton IS 2002 , you can also configure the firewall to ask if you want to block Ative X controls and Java aplets , and it also blocks script . For example
 I did a lot of research on various virus software products and read a lot of reviews before deciding on this one . If you want to try before you buy , go to www.symantec.com and download this product as 30-day trialware from the Symantec website . You wo n't be dissappointed . Also , I had to go around the world to find the answer to the question as to whether the product included a paperback instruction manual . Amazon does include a manual . But , in the course of this investigation , I also found out that some software companies , including Symantec sell to discount or outlet stores , such as WalMart , BestBuy , Sam 's ect. , a `` scaled down version '' which only provides help menus on CD in the form of PDF `` readme files '' , and the price may or may not reflect a full boxed version . This may not be an important fringe benefit to some , but if I 'm paying for it anyway , why not get it ! The product is worth every dime . After a few days of installation , the software alerted me that I had 4 attempts at privacy intrusion and 2 hacker attempts . Also , you can screen out all those annoying banners and advertisments that bombard you everytime you visit a webite . Do n't waste your money on less expensive software titles . You get what you pay for ! Why not get the best !
 Norton Internet Security 2002 is one of the best solutions for Internet protection available . Besides getting a top-notch virus checker , you also get a firewall , privacy setting and a parental control to block out sites from children.The firewall is quite powerful . After installing , I went out to a web site which tests your firewall by trying to hack -LRB- without intention to damage -RRB- your PC . It passed with flying colors and none of the hacking methods made it through.Sure , someday someone will find a way around but , but NIS also comes with LIVEUPDATE . This will download the latest updates for all aspects of NIS automatically or by your request.This version works with all CURRENT Windows versions except 95 and earlier . If you are going to upgrade to XP , this is an excellent add on . A + .
 Internet Security does everything you could possibly need -LRB- all of it in the background -RRB- to keep your data safe . My only complaints are the irritating messages that pop up on the screen when my outbound mail is scanned for viruses -LRB- the message blocks whatever I am doing for about 5 seconds , interrupting my work -RRB- and the lack of detail on attacks on my computer.If you do n't own any firewall or anti-virus protection , get something . This product works great and is XP compatible . I especially like being able to enter `` private '' data such as my e-mail address or SSN . IS will let you know if a web site you are visiting is actually getting this data from your computer . I discovered that DELL Computer was getting my e-mail address from my computer without permission when I visited their site.I feel very comfortable leaving my computer connected to the internet 24/7 with this application running .
 I have long been a McAfee advocate , often shunning Norton because it once interfered with the sound on my machine - but Internet Security 2002 has made me a believer . I bought the download and within 20 minutes , I was installing it on my machine . The set-up was step-by-step and very comprehensive - although for those who do n't know a lot about what sort of preferences to set up on a firewall , I suggest getting some reference material . The firewall is incredibly detailed , allowing me to totally configure my machine to work within my home network while preventing outsiders from getting in . The Symantec site also has a place to check the security of your system and tells you how to fix your vulnerabilities . I had a copy of McAfee firewall/virus scan and am currently throwing it out - Norton Internet Security is a MUCH better tool - even the user interface is very friendly and useful .
 I have read some of the negative reviews , and I can only say that I have used the program successfully for 7 months on my machine running Windows 98 and it functions like a dream . This software is absolutely awesome . I 'm used to staying organized using PC-based organization techniques -LRB- i.e. paperless -RRB- . Once I started doing more and more simultaneous deals , the paperload would get unbearable . But now I use WinFax . I was hesitant to buy it based on the reviews , but I decided to give it a try , and I was not disappointed . Now when I get home , my computer has a flashing alert that I have received faxes . I can print only the ones that I decide that I need a hard copy of -LRB- and only the pages that I need a hard copy of -RRB- . The program lets me email the faxes -LRB- therefore , no loss of resolution from refaxing -RRB- to other users with WinFax . Also , for those faxes that I have to send out that are not time-sensitive , I can schedule entire batches of after-hour faxes which do n't tie up the phone line during the day . WinFax was definately worth every single penny that I spent.I guess that if you are running a newer system that you heed the advice of those other reviewers and buy 10.2 . But other than that , I would have no reservation in buying this software . Not only does it eliminate the never-ending desktop clutter of a fax machine but it also simplifies and digitally organizes the faxes .
 I have struggled to learn to use many software products however winfax has clearly been the most problematic . Since it was a symantec product I thought it probably was good but I must be doing something wrong . I struggled with the fix to allow it to work with MS word and it would work for a while . Then there would be feezes and crashes or it would just not send faxes . I would reboot to no avail . I would turn off all other programs but to no avail . I tried to find a solution on symantecs web site but to no avail . It must be Windows ME so I put it on Windows XP . It would stop sending faxes for no apparent reason . I tried it on windows 98 ; again , it would stop sending faxes for no apparent reason . I would try to use it a day or so later and it would work fine for a while . I should have read some of these reviews before I wasted my time . It really should be taken off the market . My question to everyone is which program is usable ? Does `` Communicate Deluxe '' function?Thanks.Addendum :2 / 20/2006
 I 've used winfax Pro at our ex-office , it completely solved all our faxing problems . So we didnt even needed for a fax machine.The installation was so easy , it detected the hardware , and all I had to do was pressing the next button , and giving some info about our company . Then I changed the role of the machine in the setup menu , to a fax server . And went to the other computers and installed to all of the other machines . -LRB- There may be a way for an automated setup , but I didnt needed so I am not sure of it . -RRB- It detected the fax server and installed it . We had 10 machines on our network , and all the installation process took less than an hour.We configured the server to forward faxes , even i tought it wouldnt work , it worked fine . The faxes from the banks went directly to accountant department , etc. . . We entered all of our customer list to winfax , and started to send faxes to them about our new products . It started faxing , and we went to our home . The next day boss asked us which customers received the fax . I thought I should go into the logs , and search for it . But theres a good designed window , you can see who send the fax to who , at what time , you can configure a report and so on ... When I looked at the documentation , -LRB- Its good documented , you can find all the answers , -RRB- I was surprised it even has its own macro language . I didnt tried that but I think theres no fax product that you write down macros.All was better than I accepted . Since that day our secratary is just reading the her book.In conclusion , I think its nearly the best product that satisfied me .
 Reading through the reviews , I saw many , many folks had big time problems installing this package . This was especially true for WinXP users.Using Google I found an OEM CD copy of Version 10.3 for $ 15 + s/h . At that price I figured I could risk trying it since some reviewers had very good results.Well , it went on my Dell Dimension 8250 with Win XP Pro without a hitch.My only comment is
 Microsoft Fax , which most users have built in to their software packages , is so difficult to use and has a history of so many problems that computer service departments will not even attempt to assist you in using it . This product , once loaded , prompts you from the beginning to the end of sending , receiving and creating your cover pages . If you know how to insert a CD disk you can use this product . If you only have one job search in your life , this purchase will pay for itself the first month .
 It was a great investment , and I love it . I have voice mail , and it even worked with that . I just have people call me before they send a fax , and I got and `` turn it on '' and I 'm all set . Plus you do n't have to print everything out . Set-up looks a lot like MS Outlook . Very easy !
 I started out with the pc Basic fax , upgraded to the 9.0 version when I upgraded my computer and then upgraded again to the 10.0 version of Winfax . No matter which version , it 's easy to use easy to install and very handy and helpful to have . I do n't fax often but when I do I know I can rely on Winfax 10.0 to perform exactly as stated . And you do n't need a manual or book to learn how to use it . The manual and instructions included in the program is all you really need.I would like to add this statement from a previous or what another reviewer wrote
 The previous reviewer was incorrect . I ran this program on Win 2000 and it worked great . I ca n't even get it to install correctly on Win XP . I have n't explored the version 10.0 versus 10.02 issue yet .
 I spoke with Symantec tech support today about resolving the problem with Winfax and Outlook 2003 . Basically what was happening was everytime I closed Outlook 2003 , I would get an error message that Outlook needed to shut down . When I clicked on `` Send this error report to Microsoft '' it sent a message back to me identifying Winfax as the culprit . It had a link to Symantec 's website with an article on the issue with Outlook 2003 . I then contacted tech support and after several days and repeated phone calls -LRB- I kept getting transfered and promised to be called back -RRB- , I spoke to someone who told me how to fix the problem . Go to Start then Control Panel . Then click on the link the Mail icon . Then delete the Winfax Logs listed in the menu . The tech rep told me that Outlook was searching for non-existent winfax logs and that 's what was causing the error message . After I did this the problem was fixed and Winfax is working fine with my Windows XP sp2 and Outlook 2003 . This solution may save you time and $ because they wanted to charge me $ 10 but after politely pleading my case , they waived the charge . I suggested they put this solution on their website but I think they really want you to call them and pay for help . Other than the above issue , I have used Winfax for years and found the software to be of great use to my home-based business . It does exactly as it was described to do .
 I have been using WinFax Pro since 1998 . It is the most convenient way to send and receive faxes without a fax machine . The upgraded look in 10.0 to the Outlook interface and Adobe viewer were great modifications.Plus you really ca n't beat the price . No other fax application is as simple and easy to use . Combined with your scanner there is never a need to buy a stand alone fax machine again .
 Let me begin by stating that I have been using WinFax software for about 20 years -LRB- I was an `` early adapter '' -RRB- and I love this software!I have been working with both the hardware end of computers and the software end for over 3 decades and , when I first encountered WinFax , I realized that it was a_theoretically _ perfect solution to my need to have a fax machine without the expense . I quickly established that it was , _ indeed _ , that solution ... and that was with the product 20 years ago.Fast forward to today 's WinFax product -LRB- I have used most of the versions inbetween , by the way -RRB- . I bought a new computer and needed the ability to fax -LRB- again -RRB- . I did some checking on my options and I again chose WinFax . My system is a Wi-XP w / sp2 , by the way , and I had no problems with the installation . Stuck in the CD , followed the cues and , voila ! , had the software installed.Yes , I had to set up a `` Fax Printer '' -LRB- no big deal -RRB- but , once that was done , I first did a `` print to Fax '' from Word , then from Excel , then from Access , and then came the big test ... Epson 1250 scanner directly to WinFax . not terribly long after that , I switched to a sheet feed scanner -LRB- long story but there WAS a need -RRB- . Again , no problem , scna a sheet and , poof ! , it 's ready to address as a fax -LRB- as well as being saved to disc -RRB- . I will admit that I was a little disappointed when I realized that I could n't scan more than one page directly to WinFax but I am not sure that the problem is with WinFax instead of the scanner software.So , in general , here is my evaluation , Pros :1 -RRB- The software installs as easily as any other on Win-XP Pro w / sp2 -LRB- do n't know about XP-Home because I do n't know why anyone would use it with a Whatever-PRO piece of software -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- The configuration is easy to set up ; 3 -RRB- It has not as yet interfered with my scanner changes ; 4 -RRB- Because it looks like a printer , it readily receives output from whatever you want to send from.Cons :1 -RRB- I have , as yet , not been successful in setting up the text message to my cell phone ... but I have n't really pursued it either ; 2 -RRB- I would like a better process for printing out selected columns of the log information ... this point it is virtually useless for that purpose.Wish List :1 -RRB- I wish that I could set a Calling Card for international calls ONLY ; 2 -RRB- I would love to be able to fax via the internet without having to pay the high prices of current internet fax services ... even a fax to email without using my email client would be great ; Untried Features :1 -RRB- I am not currently using the Voice Mail feature -LRB- I have it on a dedicated line -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- I am not now using the Fax Sharing feature but I am about to try to set it up ;
 I 've used winfax pro 10 ever since it was first offered , and it has worked perfectly for me every time . The use of winfax pro with email does n't make sense to me if you think about it . Email does it own thing , it sends it data electronically where as Winfax transmitts it data over your local telephone line . It will send to anywhere there 's a fax machine to receive the data and at 1.44 Mb/sec . , if the receiving machine can handle data that fast so let us not knock winfax pro 10 . Where else can you find a software fax program that does n't take up the space of an equipment based fax machine . You 've got it made with Winfax Pro 10 .
 Product was shipped within the given time frame , and installed correctly without any further components necessary .
 As a 6-year Linux user , I am quite used to the inevitable shortcomings of my favorite OS . Ubuntu , however , has removed a lot of the caveats and explanantions I have had to provide non-users in the past . The installer , launched from the Live `` try before you buy '' Ubuntu CD , is intuitive and leaps ahead of other installers . The software list is extensive . The Synaptic software management tool is a sheer delight , once you acquaint yourself with it . Add to this the rock-solid performance of Linux in general and a charming look and feel provided by Canonical 's community contributors , and you have a tight Linux package that is worthy to be tried by anyone . The community-based support tools rarely fail . If you can Google up data , you can easily find help with Ubuntu.The real quibbles would be the nagging lack of support out-of-box for proprietary file formats and hardware compatibility , but with a bit of thought and some net-searches for solutions -LRB- and do n't forget the community pages ! -RRB- , most everything can be sorted out.All said , Linux is still more `` work '' than the Microsoft and Apple offerings , but the work is well worth it , thanks to the hard working folks at Canonical .
 I needed it for my new computer . It loaded up like a champ and has been working well ever since .
 the product received is satisfactory and was received at the time indicated . I would like to continue being a customer at other times . thanks
 Honesty and integrity are not in some folks ' vocabulary ! Thanks , people , for being my kind of folks !
 I 've been using Linux for about two years and Mandrake 8.2 is the best I 've seen yet . Here is what you get with Mandrake 8.2 . Easy to setup with Mandrake 's graphical installer drakx . Includes great packages such as cups print server , proftpd , postfix , Star Office 6 , Real Player , kamera , chat , and scanner software.You can choose from 11 desktops including Gnome and KDE . You get games , multimedia , development , and a large assortment of extra printer drivers , and special Mandrake configuration tools to get up and running pretty easy and painless.I had Mandrake 8.2 installed in about 30 minutes , and it was near painless . It was the easiest install of any Linux distribution I have ever done.So if you are sick of Windows , and are looking for something else try Mandrake 8.2 . Even old Linux hands can enjoy 8.2 .
 I am a linux enthusiast and have been trying out new linux distributions as they come out for the past 3 years . Needless to say , linux 's 2.4 kernel has made some dramatic improvments and so has KDE 3 . While RedHat is suited better for enterprise users , Mandrake and SuSe try to adapt their packaging for the average home user . SuSe 8.0 has to be the `` easiest '' linux distribution out there now by virtue of its great system configuration tools and streamlined installation . While Mandrake 8.2 has good configuration tools , it lacks the friendliness and wide scope of SuSE Linux.Two features that caught my eye in this distro are :1 . Mandrake 's utility for configuring Samba file sharing and browsing , and2 . Mandrake 's font installer . Unattractive , out-of-the-box fonts typically plague Linux distributions , so a good font installer is a must . In tests , the Mandrake font utility was much easier to use than the KDE-based utilities that come with Red Hat and SuSE.Overall , Mandrake 8.2 has taken some great steps . However , if you are looking for a replacement for Windows , SuSe 8.0 is a better option .
 easy install on a dell 8200 pentium4 w/santa cruz sound card w/nvidia 4 , viewsonicdigital lcd , wireless logitech keyboard and wheel mouse via ps/2 , old panasonicdot matrix . all working under linux mandrake v8 .2 . and automatically configuredmy dsl connection . soon to kiss mr gates goodbye . my computer came withwin xp on it and it froze on the first day . wiped it out and put on win98 until icould find a linux distro that would work for me . try it , u will like it !
 I 've been running linux on my machines for several years , and mandrake is by far the best distribution that is available for those who are new to the linux experience.A lot of these reviews complain about customer service . I , for one , have never even thought to call someone for help with linux . If you want customer service , then perhaps Linux is n't for you . There are billions of places on the internet to find the answers to your questions without calling some poor geek in California who just started learning the OS and asking him your obfuscated questions and expect to get a clear , concise , fix everything that 's wrong with your installation response.OK . that was a long sentence ... my point is ... Do n't expect customer service , and do n't bother those poor people . Get on the internet and search google for the answers to your woes . That 's what Linux users do ;--RRB- I 've also always thought that http://krnlpanic.com was a good place for some common answers too < / shameless plug > Happy Linux ` ing !
 After some effort , I was able to install Mandrake 8.2 . Once it is upand running it is really slick . A few things did not work , like Xsanefor my epson 1240U scanner . Other than that it was capatible with everythingelse that I had hooked to my computer . It even had a slick j-pilotapplication for syncing my palm pilot .
 I installed RH 7.2 and Debian Woody a combined total of four times in the past week . Just as I was ready to bag the idea of using Linux , I decided to give this distribution a chance.The installation was easy and , in terms of time , tiny compared to Debian -LRB- which is still not complete after 3 days -RRB- . This only took 45-60 minutes . Everything configured fine and the customization is nice . Everything is running fine for me ... Do n't be scared of this distribution of linux . If you can install any other operating system , you can definitely roll this one out with a few clicks . No fancy footwork required .
 I 've been using MDK 8.2 for a few weeks now and its performance is really good . It requires a good quantity of RAM -LRB- 128 are okay , but double that and it flies -RRB- . I run it on a 400 mhz PII with an 8 mb Trident card and it works really well . Its `` wizards '' are very useful for the new user
 Linux-mandrake is by far the best distribution for anyone who wants to make the change from windows to Linux . I highly recommend this product . It comes with staroffice 6.0 and openoffice which are extremely !!! close to Microsoft office . So if you are tired of having to buy a Windows OS , then buy Microsoft Office ! Save your cash and get it all in one !!! Linux is the way to go !
 I travel a lot to meetings and conference and use my Palm to keep organized while I am on the road . My desktop has Microsoft files and with this product I can build and edit files on the road and synchronize my work easily between my PDA and desktop when I get back to my office or at home . Very useful product !
 I am continuously amazed at what I have received in this one box . Setup was very simple , more so than even M$ , and I have installed it on at least 9 boxes -LRB- including 2 laptops -RRB- and counting . I have webserver , database server , ftp server , network fax server , email server , file server , firewall , caching proxy server , Network print server and print to PDF , and many more just on the server side . The office side is overwhelming as well , more choices than I know what to do with . Two office suites included are M$ compatible -LRB- There are at least 4 included -RRB- . All the development tools you need are included as well . The majority of this is available for free download from various sources . 1,000 words are not enough to contain my amazement and love of this OS and Linux Distro .
 I 've been using Linux for about two years and Mandrake 8.2 is the best I 've seen yet . Here is what you get with Mandrake 8.2 . Easy to setup with Mandrake 's graphical installer drakx . Includes great packages such as cups print server , proftpd , postfix , Star Office 6 , Real Player , kamera , chat , and scanner software.You can choose from 11 desktops including Gnome and KDE . You get games , multimedia , development , and a large assortment of extra printer drivers , and specialMandrake configuration tools to get up and running pretty easy and painless.I had Mandrake 8.2 installed in about 30 minutes , and it was near painless . It was the easiest install of any Linux distribution I have ever done.So if you are sick of Windows , and are looking for something else try Mandrake 8.2 . Even old Linux hands can enjoy 8.2 .
 Mandrake Linux 8.1 has got to be the easiest ver . of Linux to install and use . You can almost install it without touching the keyboard more than twice ... Learning it is almost as simple , this is a fairly popular verison of Linux so there are quite a few books and courses on it . The ONLY major downside is that it isnt for total control freaks , while like all Linux flavors it is very powerful and you can change anything it isnt all powerful . People that want to watch everything that is happening and change everything should use Slackware.Mandrake is very good for beginners and pros . It works very well in large operations or for just home use.Bottomline
 Easy to use , easy to install , easy to use , simply awesome.Mandrake has surpassed Red Hat in their installation environment . This is the distribution that I installed in my grandmother 's computer so that I can update software and maintain their machine over the network.Highly recommended ! You will not be sorry . Their network updates are very nice.If you want a more difficult installation but a much easier software -LRB- command driven -RRB- software update tool , look into Debian Linux.Cheers !
 okay , i 'm still fairly new to the linux world , but i 'm so happy with it . i 've had a 200mhz/64mb ram/10gig hd computer hanging out in my closet for the last two years , because i thought it had finally seen it 's last days . it was nicknamed the black box of doom , because even when it ran under win98 , it was a nightmare of constant rebooting.but i decided to give mandrake linux a whirl on it , so my wife and i would n't have to fight over the 800mhz dell anymore . and i have been blown away . mandrake installed with basically no problems . it did n't pick up the 3com ide network card , but did give me the option to pick it from a list during the install . other than that there were no hang ups installing it.now that i 've got it running , it 's just amazing . kde runs faster on it than win2k does on a 300mhz/128mb ram computer that i use at work . i 've got the gimp for image manipulation , mozilla for browsing , evolution for e-mail , and there are hundreds more included apps -LRB- everything from ftp programs to office apps to development tools -RRB- . i can do more with it now than i ever could before . and coupled with my cable modem connection , it 's almost like having a new computer . plus i can still use AOL 's instant messaging , and i downloaded a file sharing program that uses the same protocol that morpheus uses.and the constant crashing ? gone . i 've had it running for over two weeks now , without even the thought of re-booting . the only time it had a problem was when my one year old decided to play drums on the keyboard . ; -RRB- i did try Suse 7.3 on the same system and it 's also a wonderful distribution for new users , but unfortunately it had some problems with my video card , and i was too lazy to try to learn more about xfree86 to fix it , and just installed mandrake instead.all in all , i feel it 's an increadible value . i saved myself a ton of money on software and hardware that i would have needed to get a useable windows system up and running . and now i have the reliablity and freedom of linux backing me.if microsoft 's demands for new top of the line hardware and strict -LRB- money grubbing -RRB- piracy protection are growing old , i 'd definately reommend the switch to linux . either mandrake or suse are wonderfual for new users .
 With taking Geometry this year , I got stuck with a not so great teacher , and decided I needed extra help . We saw this product , and decided to purchase it . So far , it has great animated examples , quizzes , and tests . It also includes a `` game '' for when you pass a test with a good grade . This program contains eight discs starting at pre-algebra going up to calculus and also statistics , and `` real life math . '' A great deal for brushing up or using for high school , like I am !
 I was so surprised when I started using this software . There is so much you can learn . It takes you step by step through each subject , until you have mastered it . I never thought I would ever understand pre-calculas until now .
 As hard as this is to admit , but I bought this program for myself ! I wanted to refresh my math skills and it certainly did the trick ! My oldest son will get a lot of use out of it as well in a couple of years . For a person such as myself who has a hard time understanding concepts of mathematics , I thought that it explained most of them in clear and concise ways . Another great thing is that it comes with a voucher that you can send in with your receipt to receive another free `` Encore '' game .
 If you 're a MAC user here is some software that really works . Maybe MAC software is not readily available , but even this older version software works with MAC Classic 9.0 and MAC OS 9.2 . , as well as OS 8 . I find that amazing . PC operating systems are each so different that newer software will not work across systems . And for grades 6-9 , it is wonderful . Did not try anything but the Geometry and Pre-Algebra .
 I have never played this game and I am happy I bought it from here . It came in nice packaging and the games and cases looked like new .
 WILL NOT WORK WITH VISTA - - I do not know if it will work with Windows 7 , but the fact that it would NOT work with Vista caused me to GIVE AWAY MY NEWER VISTA COMPUTER and purchase an office refurbished computer with Windows XP Pro . The company that made this program was bought by Broderbun and DISCONTINUED ! The ONLY place you can find them is second hand or online . This program has the SIMPLEST , BEST , USER-FRIENDLY AUTOMATIC ENHANCEMENT OF PHOTOS of ANY of the programs I have EVER tried.I use this EVERY time I load pictures into my computer . I rotate , crop , erase scratches and blemishes , and enhance EVERY picture I plan to keep on my computer.Recently I found out that I can even use it like Print Shop to do individual art , coloring , painting , etc. on a picture.Until Broderbun - or some other - make this WONDERFUL program available for ALL computers , I 'LL STICK WITH MY XP .
 I do a lot of photo editing and this is one very , very good product for it . I already had PhotoSuite II so it was easy to use and has all the features that I was looking for .
 Excellent product offered by a 5 star seller . Item was as described , securely packaged and arrived in a timely manner . Buy with confidence !
 My teenage daughter has been using this and she really likes it . We had gotten her a Scholastic book on this subject but she says that this software and kit is much better . She 's been making balloon animals for the past couple of days . The kit comes with a good quality balloon inflater -LRB- better than what came with the book -RRB- and 3 bags of balloons .
 I always wanted some balloons to make swords and then fight with my friends or make some other stuff . I was thinking about buying a how to kit from Schylling , but they were kindda expensive . Then i came across this . You could buy 2 of these for the price of one of Schylling kits.That would be 220 extra balloons for the same price . Even though the cd has about only 20 different things you can make , i 'd still get 220 extra balloons than 5 or 10 extra designs
 I have fibromyalgia and so proper padding is essential when I am working at the computer . I think these are great pads and work well , but I have sometimes made the mistake of resting my elbow on it when I am working and frustrated over something . It was always on the same place , and the seam did come apart . I taped it back together with packing tape and covered the whole thing with cloth ... but I thought I should issue the warning in case anyone else has the same bad habits I do . I think they should hold up fine if all you are using them for is to support your wrists during typing . I also have the mouse pad that is like it - and it is also a wonderful product .
 Good quality wrist pad and the gel helps with wrist pain . I also like that 's it does n't take up a lot of room .
 This wrest is the King-of-all-Rest at any price , but at the price it 's offered at , i had to buy two for each of my customer service attendants . They are on their wrists all day long and with the coverage these pads provide , I can feel comfortable i 've given them the best comfort available . Sometimes it 's the little things you do for your staff that mean the most , and I received the most appreciative `` thank you '' smiles after the first full day these were used . If you have ANY reason whatsoever for a heavy duty wrist rest , this is your best bet !
 Okay , so I 'm not a kid , I 'm 47 , but I love puzzle games and could not resist trying this game . A skeleton is your `` guide '' through the game and points you in the right direction . You must find the named items in each room of the mansion . When you complete the puzzles in each room you have to solve a final puzzle and go back to a particular room to find the answer to a riddle . There are three games on the cd and lots of fun for the player .
 The I Spy Spooky Mansion was our first experience with the I SPY computer games . My family and I LOVED it . My daughter is 8 and my son is 4 and we found ourselves playing the game for several hours straight . The game can be just a plain seek and find for my 4 yr old , but can bring out the logical thinking for my 8 yr old . I highly recommend this game , and I am eager to try all the I SPY games !
 When I ran a before and after school daycare in my home not long ago , I Spy Spooky Mansion Deluxe was one of the children 's absolute favorite game choices . I owned quite a collection of games , from Barbie to Zoo Tycoon , but the mystery and puzzles of I Spy held their attention the most . The children ranged in age from 6 to 11 , and I Spy was largely a favorite of the 6-9 year olds .
 My five year old got this for Christmas and it immediately proved its value when we were snowed in for most of the week . The game held his interest for hours and allowed us to play together in a way that was fun for both of us.The basic premise is the standard I-SPY , in that you look at pictures and try to find specific items . The fun is that each puzzle is part of a greater adventure inside a beautifully rendered Haunted Mansion . The player searches a dozen areas in 5 different rooms . The goal is to find all the clues that then lead to another puzzle that allows you to escape the Haunted House.Each round is interesting and there are a number of verbal and visual puns that require some thought and occasional adult assistance . The drawings are well done and just spooky enough to keep it interesting . My son found the attic search to be scary enough that he wanted me to help him , so be aware of some minor scare factor.Even more interesting is that there are three different mysteries that get progressively more challenging , so the game can be played for some time . In total play time it took my son -LRB- with some adult help , especially from Grandma -RRB- about 20-25 hours to play all three and then he wanted to start again . The game is somewhat complex and I would think that 5 is the low end of the age range for the game.Overall this is a very interesting and involving game and will give your kids hours of fun .
 My son is 4 years old and loves Spooky Mansion and Treasure Hunt . While they are challenging he 's not frustrated and it 's really a great way to introduce new words and things he 's never seen before . Great memory game and helps him learn to follow directions . I highly recommend it even though it says 6-10 years old .
 I bought this for my 6 year old grandson . He played with it for 2 hours straight . He completed the game and has played it again and again.Now we are buying the rest of the I Spy games !
 I got this for my 7 yr old boy and he really loves it . The only complaint I have is that he made it through the whole game pretty quickly and now has now way else to play it differently . But good game over all .
 Both of my kids love to play with I Spy games . Spooky Mansion is probably the most fun and creative one . It is also the longest one . I highly recommend them . I hope Scholastic comes out with more I Spy games !
 My daughter has been playing all of the I Spy games since she was about 5 and she thinks they 're terrific . She is now 7 and still enjoys them . We parents find them plenty clever and interesting , too . As a bonus , they work seamlessly on our Mac .
 I ca n't get the Amazon Catalog folks to update the product information , but for those of you like myself who were wondering if this package includes a version for Mac OS X as well as Windows XP the answer is `` yes '' . The CD includes software for both platforms and the game runs just fine on Mac OS 10.5 -LRB- Tiger -RRB- , even on an old eMac . My 9-year-old says the game is `` the perfect learning experience for how to spot very small objects . '' She likes it !
 Entertaining , creepy fun ! Good for ages 4 to 9 , and anyone enthralled with the I Spy series .
 I got this game for my five year old to play with his 7 year old friend . I love the I Spy DVD games - the kids really enjoy the riddles and trying to find all the hidden objects , my son is getting better at reading the clues , and both kids had a great time in the disgusting kitchen of the mansion making the Shrinking Soup . Awesome learning tool for kids and really fun for adults too -LRB- who are often asked to help when that one darned thing is TOO well hidden ! -RRB-
 I HAVE THE SPOOKY MANSION BOOK . AS AN I SPY FAN THE THINGS THAT STAND OUT ARE NOT THE THINGS YOU 'RE LOOKING FOR . IT 'S GREAT FUN , I DO N'T KNOW IF CHILDREN LIKE IT OR NOT . I DO N'T HAVE ANY IN THE TARGET AGE . I LIKE IT AND I 'M GOOD AND GROWN .
 Bought this search and find pc game for the holidays because my 4-year old loves I Spy books . He absolutely love it and me too ! In a spooky mansion with different rooms filled with games and riddles , we had great funs exploring , solving riddles , and playing brain teasing games to earn clues to uncover the secret ways to get out of the mansion . Very happy with the quality and design of this brain building game . It works for my pre-schooler - have funs and learn i.e. words , spelling , problem solving , etc. .
 This is , hands down , one of the best games we 've ever gotten for our kids . It 's good for many , many hours of fun and learning . I was floored by the beautiful design and high quality that went into the game . This is not just a basic rehash of the books . The puzzles are clever , varied , challenging , and well-adapted to the PC . Very highly recommended !
 Players navigate through rooms in a haunted house finding objects in each room . Really good graphics and interactive elements . My daughter loves this game . We have just started with I Spy computer games although we 've always enjoyed the books . My child is 6 and had no problems solving the puzzles . Probably best for the 6 -9 age group .
 Son loves this and likes to play it when he gets to be on the computer . Great gift for him and I even found myself joining in to find things as well : -RRB-
 I was afraid -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- that this would be too spooky for my child , but it was n't . The ghosts were cute.I was also concerned that the games at the end of each level would be too challenging -LRB- see I Spy Fun House -RRB- . But again - the end games were just fine.I think the video of the ghost building at the end took too long , but my child was n't bored.It was just what I expected.And it ran fine on my 700 MHz G4 Mac.Dan
 My seven year old son loves this game . Since Christmas , he has played it quite frequently and it will be a hit , I 'm sure with his younger brothers .
 I spy Spooky Mansion is a fun game that takes place in a haunted house . You are guided through the house by a toy skeleton . She has you play the I Spy riddles to earn puzzle pieces , ingredients , and machine parts . The goal is to escape the house . After completing an adventure , you can start again , with a different way to escape the house and different riddles to do . I think this game deserves a 5 out of 5 because of great replay value , and puzzling puzzles .
 Our family loves to play the `` I Spy '' Spooky Mansion CD Rom . Great entertainment for the kids and mom and dad too !
 I have all of the big `` I Spy '' books . I also have purchased some for my Granddaughter .
 Loved the item but felt like amazon tricked me into the shipping . Described as if by now will recieve by a certain date . Not true . You actually paid an outrageous amount for this shipping . I ended up paying more for shipping than for the actual product . Would have saved money driving and buying it at retail store . Buyer beware of tricky shipping !!!
 Middle School Advantage definitely deserves the Virtual Teacher of the Year Award ... if there is one . This program actually explains your school subjects better than a real teacher ! In the math section , you can read pages that explain the concepts , look at explanitory examples , and take tests . It is extremely easy to learn Spanish , too . The computer even pronounces the words better than your school Spanish teacher . Middle School Advantage tests you in every subject to make sure you fully understand all the concepts . I never really liked to study , but Middle School Advantage makes me eager to learn . Every night I sit at my computer and learn a new concept . Middle School Advantage 2003 is the best learning software yet !
 I purchased this item for my 7th grade daughter to assist her in math . This is a study guide that has helped her to review and get a head start on her school work . It gives step by step examples for her that are easy to understand . This is a great tool that she feels has helped on her path .
 If you want to improve something or study for a test you need this product ! It is great !! It 'll help middle schooler 's grades improve and it is kinda fun ! You really need to try this product !
 I have used Norton Speeddisk for years in 3 different Norton Utilites versions and this software is so much better . It is faster and does not have to restart if you have programs running . This software has really made accessing programs a lot faster . Get this one !
 Prior I used both the native defrag in windows and Norton Speed Disk . I had no problem with either program but noticed no improvement in the performance of my machine . I used the trial version of Perfect Disk for 4 days before buying it . I found the interface simple , clean and easy to use . Has a great scheduler built in . Its Microsoft certified for Windows 2000 a big seller in my opinion , give 's me a secure feeling that my data isnt going to be messed up by defragging . But what really sold me is my system performance improved , it cut my boot time by 20 seconds . I highly recommend this software .
 Here 's my 02 cents on defrag utilities .1 st choice - O&O ; defrag software2nd choice - raxcoa DISTANT 3rd , 4th , ... . everyone else .
 I have an undergraduate degree in Spanish and consider my Spanish level to be advanced intermediate . It is difficult to find Spanish tools that are fun and engaging that are not catered to a Spanish beginner . This tool is great for that group of people who have had at least one year of college Spanish , have learned basic verb congugations and are looking for a CD-Rom that will teach them more vocabulary words , idiomatic expressions , and words that are n't covered in general Spanish classes -LRB- for example animal sounds - woof , woof is guau , guau -RRB- . It is important to note that Obelix is a comic from Spain so the idiomatic expressions and some vocabulary is more commonly used in Spain and less in Central or South America . This CD-Rom follows the comic cartoon of Obelix and his adventures . Each page shows one frame of the comic , you hear the words spoken in Spanish , and you have the option to view the words in Spanish or English , and a `` professor '' gives the translation of idiomatic expressions and explains some harder to understand words . This system is great because after learning some words you can replay the CD-Rom without English translations or even viewing the Spanish translation and see if you can understand what is occurring just by hearing the comics . The comic format also makes learning new vocabulary much more fun and enjoyable than memorizing lists of words . You can replay the audio of the comic as many times as you like . Once you have a firm foundation of the history you can play games that reinforce your learning such as multiple choice questions that require you to understand the options by only hearing them . I am giving Asterix 4 stars instead of 5 because I would liked more direction on which idiomatic expressions and vocabulary words are used only in Spain and which are also used in Central and South America .
 Note To Previous Reviewer
 I love I mean ove anything about dinosaur.This game is tops.You get so much out of the game but I play the games because there so much fun.My friends love to come over on the weekends to play them too.The game is not to hard but challenging.I hope everyone runs out and buys it.My older sister also enjoys the game .
 I love Deneba Canvas , It 's the best illustration software with all its special effects and drawing tools . You can possibly create `` anything '' with Canvas . It 's better than Freehand , Xara X , etc. . I have tried all the other illustration software but the features are too complicated . I suggest you to take a look at ... . to have an idea what I 'm talking about , especially the gallery .
 If you like Line 6 sounds , this is a great deal with the free gold upgrade . It would have been better if Amazon had mentioned that it was refurbished/repackaged , but there were no problems with the unit . I have simple amp needs , but it is great to have so many effects to choose from , and the amp farm plug in is great for recording .
 This TonePort DI is an amazing tool to set up your tone and effects ! It is as well a very useful recording tool ! buy !!
 I bought this product for my boyfriend for his birthday . He 's not a serious musician , but he plays guitar regularly for leisure and sometimes writes his own songs . He recently taught his son how to play as well , and they both seem to be having a ball with the software and the Toneport . One word of caution is that users with Windows 7 -LRB- anything newer than XP , I 'd assume -RRB- Will need to go to the Line 6 site and download updated drivers before you 'll have functionality . It took about 35 minutes to get everything all sorted out and installed , but since then it 's been working great.I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 installed without issue onto a Windows 7 pro 64 bit machine with Line 6 updated drivers . gearbox now updates to the full PodFarm of options , effects , amp models , etc. . . an astoundingly huge range of goodies to play with . best for futzing around while wearing headphones and finding new sounds , creating your own with the hugely variable interface . for the price it provides an immensely deep terrain to explore . i do n't for a minute regret the purchase .
 Pretty straight forward and easy to use . I was looking for a digital interface so I could plug my guitar into my computer to record on Garage Band . The UX1 seemed to have the most bang for my buck . It 's got some great guitar amp soundsLine 6 UX1 Tone Port Music Computer Interface -LRB- Windows / Macintosh -RRB- and bass amp sounds , I probably wo n't use them all but at least I have the options . It has the 1/4 inch guitar input as well as the XLR mic input so I can mic my amp if I want to . I believe it was worth the money and would recommend it if you 're looking for a digital interface with amp sounds .
 Bought the Gearbox Silver bundle for less than a 100 bucks , then downloaded the PODFarm software from Line 6 as offered for free ! Had a little trouble with getting Logic Pro to recognize PODFarm as a plug-in on my iMac Intel , though it immediately recognized Gearbox . Had very helpful folks at Line 6 who were stymied by the problem too and as it turns out it was a simple fix ONCE I FOUND a folder in the Logic package contents -LRB- right-click on the Logic icon -RRB- called Resources . Inside there is an icon called Logic AU Manager which , when opened , has a list of all the plug-ins available . Well , lo and behold , at the bottom of the list , just under Gearbox , was PODFarm and it was the only one that was n't checked in the left-hand box . I checked it and when Logic opened PODFarm was available . This drove me nuts for several days as I was dying to use the PODFarm . All better now , mommy ! PODFarm is an AMAZING , well-laid out system which has an ungodly amount of sonic possibilities . You 'll find PLENTY for tracking , and I 'm considering getting a Mac laptop and using the Toneport interface -LRB- it has analog outputs -RRB- on gigs . Will need a midi controller to do that effectively . All I can say is , FEAST !
 I was initially just looking for a D.I. box so that i could record rough song compositions straight into my Mac without all the noise . I happened upon this while searching online , I know the LIne 6 name and figured what the hell it 's only a 100 bucks , a DI with a bunch of amp models and FX . What I did n't expect was the range of FX and models and the great sound quality and flexiblity . Like i said i was originally only looking to record very rough comps to share with the other guys in the band , but now i have the full fledged recording bug because my ideas are sounding so good . Granted it 's not sudio quality , but I do n't like the overly glossy recording sound anyway.It 's very easy to use and install , I use it directly into garage band . I just wish it had more classic marshall models.and in hindsight i probably would have paid more for the powered preamp version rather than the DI version i bought . but it 's all good .
 This is the first all-in-one graphics solution I 've bought , and it 's not that bad . It 's not as complete as the Illustrator / Photoshop combo , but it does the job . I recommend this program for any first time graphics users , it extremely easy to learn .
 After making good Experience with Xelerate 's PowerPDF I also bought spyPC to monitor my Children 's Internet Use.spyPC is able to log Chat Conversations , visited Websites , eMails and so on.It 's working invisible and proper for over 3 Months now.I really enjoy using this Software .
 I have to say this is an excellent surviellence software and is very useful . It does an excellent job of tracking all activities on my computer and it gives a fairly detailed report of all websites and chat rooms visited . It definately logs everything . Very good product .
 The software works excellent on my daughters PC , it creates logs and allows me to lock away certain Windows features . I tested it in stealth mode , and it does what it says . It definetly does not slow your computer , unless you tell it to make screenshots every 10 seconds or so -LRB- dough ! -RRB- . You can not even tell that it sends email logs out.I decided to let it run without the stealth option and told my daughter that the little icon in the systemtray next to the clock watches what she types and prevents access to nasty websites . She was not too thrilled , but the logs show that she respects it .
 IT DOES EXACTLY AS IT ASAYS IT DOES ... THAT 'S JUST TOO WEIRD !
 Product was shipped fast , arrived as expected . Was a little shocked to see the ` Price after Rebate ' = Free status today , but oh , well ...
 Recently I got a copy of the program.It is huge with nearly 4500 games thoroughly explained in context with endgame.The author renowned Grandmaster Averbakh is a specialist in endgame theory and his work is of superb quality.It is a pity that the book is no longer easily available.The program is structured in chess assistant format.The explanation in each endings are extremely helpful for intermediate as well as to more advanced players.I strongly recommend this work to every chess player with Nallimov table base as supplement .
 I 've been looking to buy this comprehensive chess endings , but it is out of stock . Does anyone has one used copy for sale ? Thanks .
 This is the perfect program to create puzzles for spelling and vocabulary . I am a former teacher who stays at home now . Spelling can be a hard thing to teach without just `` drill and kill . '' Our major way to study was using flashcards and giving practice tests . This has opened a whole new way to help my daughters . They view it as a game . It is very easy to use . I have created Word searches and Crossword puzzles . You choose the size and shape . It works fantastic ! I highly suggest any teachers looking for new idea should purchase this .
 My son loves these games . He plays them over and over . It also helps with his reading skills , as he can read along with the riddles .
 These games are lots of fun . My children love them and I love to play with them . We now own 6 I Spy Games and I also purchased them for my niece and she loves them as well . Would highly recommend . My oldest is 10 and he still enjoys them .
 The price for the three games is a great value . I was a little dissapointed that one of the games was not in the same age range as the two other ones . I may have missed this in the discription when I bought them . Otherwise I was very satisfied .
 Create great web animations and movies quickly and easily . I 'm fairly new to web animation and vector graphics . I own both both Flash 4 and LiveMotion . LiveMotion is my choice.The benefits of LiveMotion -LRB- besides being user friendly -RRB- is that it automatically inserts key frames for you -LRB- unlike Flash -RRB- , and it will auto-tween them . Additionally , LiveMotion gives you the option of saving graphics , animations and rollover `` styles '' in the library so you can easily use them again in future projects simply by applying them . LiveMotion exports your designs as . swf files -LRB- just like Flash -RRB- so it is compatible with the plugins already being used in browsers.After a few months and many books , I 'm still trying to figure out the more complex Flash . Not the case with LiveMotion . It is much easier to use and the learning curve is n't nearly as steep as it is for Flash . Sure , Flash 's authoring program may offer a few more functions to hard-core developers , but I still choose LiveMotion.If you 're looking for an easy , user-friendly way to create great looking movies -LRB- and want to spend your time actually designing the movie instead of reading books on how to figure out the program -RRB- , get LiveMotion .
 This program is a pleasure to use and creates fully compatible Flash movies , graphics and interface items . Not as much in the way of Web site programming as Flash , but has more graphics tools and options . Definitely a contender for anyone who wants to add animated , or still , vector graphics to their Web sites . Also does animated GIFs and regular JPEGs .
 A great software that I love it immediately when trying it ! It takes me just a few minutes to create my first annimated graphics ! You can edit each attribute of your graphic . You do n't need to edit frame by frame ! All automatically done !
 I have been a teacher for only 1 year and I really needed something that would help me to organize my students grades , make class lists and design my classroom . It was very helpful in my first year of teaching . The only thing that it did n't have was ideas for actually teaching different skills . But well worth it for the other programs .
 I have taught over 10 years and used this product in its different forms for 8 years . An outstanding way to keep track of grades ... allows you to put different values on tests , quizzes and daily grades . Would like it to be a little more user friendly for setup of new school years
 For me , this was a comprehensive and easy to use program . In my former school system , we had to use paper gradebooks . Fortunately , the school where i was stationed allowed teachers to use software packages like this one to input and print grade reports.Teacher 's Toolbox was used EXPRESSLY for calculating grades . It proved efficient and easily accessible throughout our school building . I would recommend this program to anyone who is techno-illiterate or just needing something to use instead of paper , pencil and calculator . If you need lesson plan writing and test-making software , use what is already available on the market . Do n't expect Teacher 's toolbox to do everything you might want.So , if you need grade calculations , and nothing extravagant for gradebook and progress report production , Teacher 's Toolbox is your tool to use .
 This is a Win/Win product for teachers and students . With over 30 years experience , and a large studio of successful students , I can attest that Piano Head taps into the quick visual perception both honed in today 's youth by video games , and required by successful music readers . Kids are further motivated by the challenge to appear on the Worldwide Scoreboard , which entices them to practice their note and interval recognition to the desired level of automaticity . I have many students who have leaped to a higher level of understanding and enthusiasm for playing the piano , as Piano Head has lifted them beyond the mundane level of `` hunt and peck '' . At a time when national studies show that a large percentage of piano students drop out after two years of lessons because they can not read music , I can not recommend this product highly enough !
 If you 're learning to read music , this helps . Lots of exercises to practice with.Best of all , you can try it out first with their free trial on their site at spinapse.comI have n't tried it on my midi keyboard yet though ... but it 's easy without the keyboard
 This is a must for piano students and music majors alike ! The authors did a fantastic job of making the entire experience intuitive . It was totally easy to install . You do n't have to read a single manual to get going . I do n't think I 've ever used the ` help ' feature , nor do I know if it HAS a help feature.This product can be best thought of as a game that is divided into lessons . Each lesson is a variation on the same game with varying degrees of difficulty . The objective is to get the best score you can . After a few minutes of playing the first lesson , I could actually close my eyes and play , and still scored high!I only found two draw backs . It runs hot on my laptop - I suspect this may have something to do with the way the graphics are managed , or perhaps the game loop - it eats 45 % of the CPU on my dual core machine . The other issue is that I was hoping my MIDI keyboard would work with it , I 'm not sure if I misinterpreted the literature , but , even so , I still find significant value in the lessons anyway .
 Pianohead has been a great addition to regular piano practice time . One student in the family has a strong ear for playing and she is having fun getting to know her notes and intervals better . Both students are encouraged by the knowledge gained through the game and the confidence earned . We strongly recommend it for others that are learning and playing the piano as it creates another dimension to learning that may not be achieved through just practicing on the keyboard .
 This is one of the best products I 've bought for students . Really helpful in note reading , interval recognition , key recognition and scales . Good for any level of student . Works well on my MAC , with or without the MIDI keyboard . I wish this company would do more , and I wish all my music software programs ran this well .
 My friend worked with the MS team on this product . So reading some of the reviews , I 've noticed quite a few inaccuracies . I personally have no direct connection with Microsoft and not interested in defending its interests much , but I 'm against spreading bogus information.First of all , there is no `` 3 strikes you are out '' rule with the new Office 2004 . Some people seem to claim that Office 2004 can only be installed 3 times , after which user would have to do a clean re-install of the system . This is completely not true . Student and Teacher , Standard and Professional versions of Office 2004 do not have any special write protection and do not count how many times you install the program on your computer . However , license agreement for Standard and Pro versions states that you can only use one copy of software on one -LRB- 1 -RRB- desktop and one -LRB- 1 -RRB- laptop computer connected to the same network . Program does indeed check computers connected to the same network for opened Office 2004 . If any Office 2004 program is opened on a desktop computer that is connected to the local network , it will refuse to launch until program on other computer is closed.This is a security measure that does n't affect regular consumers at all most of the time . The only reason for this is to make sure that small and even big businesses do not use one copy of a program on many computers . There is nothing new here either . Many companies have been utilizing similar security features for quite some time.Student and Teacher edition which retails for a low price has ALL the features of Standard edition and can even be installed on three -LRB- 3 -RRB- computers at the same time.The down side to it is that Student & Teacher edition can not be upgraded in the future . But again , is not a big deal since upgrade for Standard version still costs more than full S&T edition . And of course , one must be a student or a teacher to purchase it.I would recommend upgrading to the Office 2004 for many reasons . Not only you get a more stable programs now but also many new features like advanced Power Point timers , advanced printing themes and previews , audio note taking , a better option grouping and support for long file names , and many more . Most operations now also work faster and smoother.Just like any new program , of course , Office 2004 will have a fair share of bugs , but they will be taken care of in a timely manner.My Recommendation
 Typical Microsoft product with inherent viscosity of use -LRB- as compared to Apple products -RRB- but a solid suite of very useful software . I use the apps in both worlds -LRB- Windows and Apple -RRB- with no significant problems . This is my third upgrade and they do work better with each iteration .
 I bought the Office 2004 upgrade , finally , because certain minor misfits of Office X with current versions of Mac OS X became too annoying . It is an improvement . Those annoying crashes and refusals to bring the desired window to the front disappeared . It has a few nice formatting improvements , such as Page view in Excel . Powerpoint seems a little more refined . I thought that I 'd like Word 's notebook view , because I used the stand-alone product on Windows . I have not found it useful , however , partly because I like the Circus Ponies products .
 It did what it said it would . In fact , just bought the upgrade to 2008 . Database is having problems when it gets too big . Hey , all you info is stored in one database . MS should break it down into multiple databases , one for each area - emails , address book , calendar , tasks , etc. .
 Entourage v.X could not handle the switch AT&T / Yahoo made with they 're security settings -- this one can . Worth it especially if you buy before the deadline for the getting the new version at the cost of shipping and handling .
 It integrates well with the earlier version of Office . Its use is intuitive and it was easy to learn .
 Well worth doing ! The biggest difference for me is working on the internet . . so much easier and quicker . Has some excellent new features . I kept putting it off but now I 'm glad I decided to upgrade .
 I bought this product solely for it 's unicode support . Without it I was not able to work easily with foreign text . A + for that feature . One feature I 'm missing , and maybe it 's in this version but I have n't found it yet , is in the Windows version you can open a plain text file in pretty much any encoding and save it as another encoding . The Mac version does not do that . Otherwise , this is a great product for producing small documents .
 I had been using Office X for years , and decided it was finally about time to upgrade to the latest and greatest . Although their support for Mac has waned over the years , Microsoft did not disappoint with this one . The new version fixed a number of annoying glitches with the X version . The upgrade process was painless and well documented .
 I would never need more than one copy of Office if my computer had not developed major problems and crashed several times in a row , causing me to make repeated `` clean installs , '' and reinstall `` Panther '' over and over ! Every time I reinstalled , I had to use another of the three permitted installations of `` Office . '' I tried calling Microsoft for advice -LRB- or even a little mercy ! -RRB- and found that their phone number was not an 800 line . I waited half an hour -LRB- at the full daytime phone rate ! -RRB- before I got somebody -- who then told me that nothing could be done
 Hey , I know it is really trendy to bust Microsoft 's chops , but I really must give credit where credit is due . I have looked at all the major office suites for Mac and Windows , and this really raises the bar - sets a new standard . The new features are really impressive , and the user interface is vastly improved . I am writing this for the upgrade version because I have just installed this over my well-worn Office X . Here are a few random thoughts after a few hours of playing with it : a -RRB- Installation is well thought-out . The installer looks for prior identities and moves them to O-2004 . Address books , old mail , calanders , preferences are all set up with the first boot.b -RRB- Tool windows are now translucent , which adds real appeal to the user interface.c -RRB- Repetative items , such as making labels , envelopes , and proofing tools are much more intuitive.d -RRB- MS did their homework on the notebook feature . OK , they borrowed the idea from NoteTaker , but what NT does well , MSO-2004 does one better . I wish I had this when I was in Medical School . Drag and drop links , pictures movies , outline notes , insert references . I could go on.e -RRB- I have not tried EndNote or ChemDraw with it . These are make it or break it applications for me . I suspcet they will work ok because the tools section works the same way.f -RRB- I confess that I liked the last version of MSO for Windows , which I run on the solitary Windows machine at home . MSO-2004 is so much fun , so intuitive and so clean that I now have no reason whatsoever to run Windows.Every time I break down in a moment of weakness and consider succumbing to pressure to abandon my beloved Mac , something comes along to bring me to my senses , and remain loyal to these wonderful machines , really appreciating how wonderful the Mac really is . MSO-2004 is such an application ; I am sure I will win a few converts when their quizzical looks turn to avarice .
 I found that the product was fully functional with adequate updates posted . It works well with PC products .
 I finally made the decision to update and it is easy to install and use the new features . I still wish Microsoft would include Publisher in their package for the Mac like it does for Windows ... Maybe their next version will -LRB- hope - hint -RRB- .
 I got this game for myself -LRB- I am an adult MLP collector -RRB- just for fun . I actually amused myself for quite a few hours playing with my pony , I am not afraid to admit . I brought this game back out years later for my younger couins and they loved it . It is good wholesome fun with open ended play for replay value.Essentially , the game has two parts . The first allows you to care for and raise a pony , brushing her hair , feeding her and give her medicine when she is sick etc , training her to jump and then eventually taking her to horse shows . There is also a secondary part in which you can go to the pony town and play games and dress up with the other ponies as well as make art that you can print . Fun feature
 I had this game as a child years ago and I loved playing it.So after using google to find the name of this game I 'm excitedly waiting to get the game.Honestly I 'm happy amazon has it , I 'm going to tell my friends who played this game to know.hahaha I know that it 's old and will be odd to play but it is a fun game still that anyone can enjoy .
 You 'd be crazy not to get this !! If you 've ever used a copy of Finale , Encore or Mosaic , you qualify !! The price point is unbeatable . Sibelius is definitely the best , and it works on windows or Mac . I believe you can install it on a second computer if you have a desktop and a laptop . The scanning is great , and it comes with Kontakt sounds from Native Instruments ... what R you w-8-ing for ?????
 VFP7 is an outstanding product ! It 's capable of handling the user interface , middle-tier components , and back-end data store for enterprise applications . At the same time , it can handle the needs for the corner mom & pop grocery store.Version 7.0 is the most significant version since 3.0 . With the addition of IntelliSense , OLE DB provider , interface inheritance , UI changes , and increased developer productivity , this is a must have for any serious database developer .
 Although serious VFP developers invariably upgrade with each new version I 'd upgrade to version 7 just for the intellisense feature alone . Other development languages have had this for years and it was sorely missed from FoxPro . To me , intellisense alone is worth the price of this upgrade not even mentioning the other other improvements and new features such as XMLToCursor , CursorToXML , OLEDB provider , and much more . Intellisense does n't cure world hunger I know but I love it ! What a time saver . Should of been in VFP long ago . Also the very first beta was astonishingly stable for a pre-release which is a good sign . If you develop with Visual FoxPro at all this is one version upgrade you will not want to wait getting .
 Having been an early Beta Tester for VFP7 I must say that I am extremely pleased with its performance and its enhancements from previous versions.An excellent improvement on a very mature and stable OOP database development language , it is well at ease using its native data engine as well as working asa front end or middle tier for any other DBMS , from SQL Server to Oracle to MySQL.It finally brings Intellisense and an OLEDB Provider!Visual FoxPro is the only Microsoft development language that can play in any tier of an N-Tier system.It works well with all the current technologies , MTS , COM , COM + , ADO , XML , ActiveX , etc.Well worth your adding it to your programmer 's toolset !
 VFP 7.0 has dramatically improved its IDE , including an awesome data driven implementation of Intellisense that is completely customizable , making it one of the best available . But thats not all , improved speed , stability , and XML support , along with the long list of language enhancements suggested by VFP users add up to make this one of the most powerful and easy to use Database tools available .
 I have been working in FoxPro and Visual FoxPro for 7 years now . With each upgrade , FoxPro has only gotten better . With Web Service , IntelliSense , XML , and OLE DB , this is the best yet ! I 've only been working with for a few days now , but I ca n't wait to find out what lies in store for me . It 's a programmer 's dream come true .
 VFP has always been about speed and now this version makes it extremely easy to put that database and string processing speed to use in VFP mtdlls and XML Web Services . For rapidly developing web apps , compare the speed , robustness , and scalability of VFP 7 to anything out there -LRB- yes , Oracle too -RRB- at a fraction of the price of other solutions .
 Paytrust.com is one of the most useful online services in existence . While most Internet savvy users will have online bill payment capabilities through their banking institution , Paytrust allows for RECEIPT of detailed bills at a designated mailbox in Sioux Falls , SD -LRB- sorry , there is only one location at this time -RRB- . These bills are either scanned in or , if the merchant has electronic billing , sent electronically to Paytrust . They are then viewed by the user on the web site . With the separate and distinct mailing address , the service provides address privacy.If you argue that your credit card or cell phone provider has electronic billing , Paytrust also eliminates marketing materials from these entities because they will STILL send solicitations and sell your information even after you request omission from their marketing list or use their electronic billing . Not only can you view incoming bills , which banks -LRB- as far as I am aware -RRB- do not offer , but Paytrust also helps eliminate junk mail . In other words , any junk mail that Paytrust receives in your mail box will be destroyed . `` Important '' documents such as convenience checks and cards are mailed to an alternate postal address.The functionality and usability of Patrust are great . The web site is very easy to use and offers both a basic layout for dial-up users and a richer interface for broadband users . After receiving a bill , the users is sent an email notification telling you the payment amount and balance if applicable . You can chose to pay the bill via Paytrust or use means of your choice.If you travel or move frequently or just hate junk mail , Paytrust ca n't be beat . Basically , it gives you address privacy with high level of convenience . Say good bye to the direct marketing association .
 I have been with the service since 1999 or thereabouts and would not imagine quitting it.For some time , I had two accounts with them - one for myself and one for my mother who could no longer write her own checks.I was her POA and lived half a continent from her . I was also working a stressful job which gave me little time to write out checks for myself , much less somebody else.When she finally passed , the service also provided reports which were extremely helpful to her probate attorney , as I made sure that all expenses I paid went through Paytrust.During the time I have been with the service , only two checks have gone astray . We are talking twelve years here.As far as checks taking time to get to their destination , now at least half the bills are sent by EFT , and on those which are paid that way , the companies post the amount faster than I even expect . -LRB- Very often next day -RRB- . On non-EFT checks , Paytrust gives a reliable estimate about when they will arrive at their destination . Yes , they may take a few days longer than it would if I wrote a local check and sent it locally , but that 's not a problem with upfront planning , and , again , there is a paper trail.There have been many changes over the last 12 years , and I have to say that the only change in Paytrust is that it has gotten better .
 I disagree with the post from October 2002 . I own MS Money -LRB- a fine product -RRB- , but Paytrust is a completely different animal . And the differences are striking . Paytrust is completely portable . No matter what machine you use , you will ALWAYS have access to your current bills . They 're ONLINE . Sure , many vendors will allow you to pay their bills at their websites , but if you have 20 bills , that 's twenty websites . Quicken has a bill service , but they ONLY work with companies that are online . What about the bills that are n't ? Well Paytrust does n't care . It can take bills from your gas company , or your loan shark.Maybe you decide to go in with someone half way on some purchase . It does n't matter where you are ; just find a computer , log on , plug in their information and mail them a check.And another cool thing that your vendors online wo n't do for you , is consolidate all of your payments onto one CD and mail it to you -LRB- nominal fee -RRB- . All of your bills , scanned and stored onto one CD for retrieval whenever you want.I 've been a paytrust customer for a few years now and I 'll never look back . It 's cheap compared to the convenience it brings me.Oh and did I forget to mention that you can download your Paytrust information into Quicken or MSMoney ? All the tools you need to manage your personal finances at home and on the road .
 Paytrust makes my life much easier . It is great if you travel a lot and are not home to get your bills . All of my bills get sent directly to the Paytrust billcenter . They scan them , send me an email notification , and then I just logon to the site and tell them when and how much to pay . It 's worth it to me not to have a ton of bills laying around on the kitchen table . I never have to buy stamps . I also never balance my checkbook . Using the smart balance feature Paytrust can check my current bank balance and tell me what bills I have pending etc. . I have used Paytrust for over a year with no problems . Get it now and simplify your life .
 Creating a single drawing as efficiently as possible is important . Delivering an entire set of coordinated drawings is crucial . With AutoCAD 2005 software you can do both . Productivity features like table objects and enhanced tool palettes simplify drafting tasks . And the Sheet Set Manager helps you create , manage , and share entire sheet sets with maximum efficiency.AutoCAD 2005 provides significant benefits to both small and large organizations that need to create , manage , and share project information . Individuals and organizations that implement and fully exploit the powerful functionality of AutoCAD 2005 , especially the Sheet Set Manager and table functionality , can develop projects with greater speed and accuracy.Efficiently go from idea , to single drawing creation , to the delivery of a coordinated set of drawings with AutoCAD 2005 from Autodesk . It provides productivity tools that help you create single drawings along with features for the efficient creation , management , and sharing of entire sets of drawings . It boosts drafting productivity with handy tools like automated tables and space-saving tool palettes . Control content across entire sets of related drawings with the Sheet Set Manager . Additionally , in a single view , compose and collate sheet sets and share them with your project team using enhanced plotting , one-click eTransmit , or DWF -LRB- tm -RRB- files . It enables you to efficiently go from idea , to single drawing creation , to the delivery of a coordinated set of drawings . It automatically inserts , scales , and orients OLE -LRB- object linking and embedding -RRB- objects.AutoCAD 2005 allows you to automatically update text fields and create and modify table content as in standard word-processing software . Create compelling presentations with true color , RAL and RAL Design and PANTONE colors and gradient fills , and WYSIWYG plotting . It allows you to keep working as you publish your designs to DWF files or plot them to paper . Customizable for 2D drafting and design and basic 3D visualization , AutoCAD 2005 offers comprehensive , easy-to-use toolset for producing , organizing , and publishing sets of related drawings .
 A lot of the enhancements to VFP7 are not necessarily noticed by those who do n't lift the hood . Yes , the Intellisense is great and the ability to do XML transactions over the web is great , but do n't forget about the ability to write/use web services -LRB- part of . Net -RRB- , the fact you can create/run VFP6 apps without recompiling -LRB- try that with . Net -RRB- . You can now do Event Binding to COM/ActiveX objects -LRB- 3rd party controls -RRB- , it has strong data typing -LRB- oh yes -RRB- , it can `` implement interfaces '' like java , it has `` database container events '' , it is OLE DB accessible by other apps -LRB- not just ODBC -RRB- , it uses Installshield for installations , etc.Visual Foxpro extends the VFP legacy of not leaving current developers behind while embracing the best of the newest technologies and wrapping them in the fastest database engine on Earth.I use Visual Basic , C , Java , and Visual Foxpro - VFP allows me to build the most feature-rich , fast applications in the least amount of time which is crucial for any consultant !
 VFP has always been a very good choice to handle data in a fast development cycle business world , but VFP7 brings many UI improvements that make it even easier to get things done fast and get new developers up to speed . The addition of VB-like intellisense reduces the F1 trips to check for syntax . The new strong typing will help reduce run-time errors as they should be caught by the compiler . VFP handles up to 2G of data per table , and can have as many tables in a database as you like . It also handles multiple user connections very well . You do n't have the restrictions of some databases like ACCESS . When your data get too big , you can easily move to any ODBC SQL server -LRB- MSSQL , Oricle , ... -RRB- . VFP scales and integrates with SQL very easily . VFP7 adds on to its ability to be a fast processor of data for asp pages , the ability to integrate with SOAP for real-time messaging.This is a great product for windows based data intensive development . I would suggest that anyone considering which language to use seriously consider VFP .
 With Foxpro , you do n't need ADO , recordsets , complicated SQL syntactical nightmares . It scales to incredible sizes , provides multi-user DB access right out of the box , has no overbearing customer facing run time licenses , and saves you big bucks . It connects smoothly to SQL server and Oracle . It exports data to Excel Spreadsheets with a single line of code . It 's string handling is fast and efficient , and the environment focuses developers on data first . Version 7 has a few good enhancements like CursorToXML and . dll creation that make it worthwhile . The Intellisense is great if you do n't already know the language.I get more done with Foxpro in twenty minutes than most VB programmers do in a week !
 I 've been developing in the beta version of VFP 7 for the past 6 months , and so far I 've had a great experience with it . Even in beta I 've found the product to be robust and reliable . In VFP 7 it even easier to develop applications due to it many new features such as intellisense -LRB- you start a command , and the program provides the possible options to finish it -RRB- . I 'm to the point where I feel a bit too contrained when I have to go back and use VFP 6.0 for code maintenance purposes . I know I ca n't wait for the final release of version 7 -- I 'll be first in line to purchase .
 Visual FoxPro has evolved into one of the most powerful Database development systems available today . The IDE is richly endowed with user aids and the renowned data engine can not be beat ! We use VFP to develop everything from desktop applications to Web based client server with VFP front ends . Data driven web development is efficient , fast and READY TODAY ! 1 . Stable 2 . Powerful 3 . Friendly 4 . FlexibleGet it . It works .
 Having been an early Beta Tester for VFP7 I must say that I am extremely pleased with its performance and its enhancements from previous versions.An excellent improvement on a very mature and stable OOP database development language , it is well at ease using its native data engine as well as working asa front end or middle tier for any other DBMS , from SQL Server to Oracle to MySQL.It finally brings Intellisense and an OLEDB Provider!Visual FoxPro is the only Microsoft development language that can play in any tier of an N-Tier system.It works well with all the current technologies , MTS , COM , COM + , ADO , XML , ActiveX , etc.Well worth your adding it to your programmer 's toolset !
 With all the fuzz round . NET quite a lot of developers seem to forget that desktop applications are still widely used . Well , with VFP one can create desktop apps that connect to the web just as easy . Either through the use of the browser or with web services , supply and consume XML webservices like a breeze and the web is your network.Use just half the amount of lines you need in . NET to get things done and deploy your apps faster then a pure . NET developer can think of.Get it , or even better get the latest and the best , VFP8 .
 VFP has always been about speed and now this version makes it extremely easy to put that database and string processing speed to use in VFP mtdlls and XML Web Services . For rapidly developing web apps , compare the speed , robustness , and scalability of VFP 7 to anything out there -LRB- yes , Oracle too -RRB- at a fraction of the price of other solutions .
 The vest version yet ??? Bull Hockey !!! This product has been generally available for less than a month . How could anyone know whether it is the `` Best Version Yet '' . Some people just get carried away , or maybe they work for Microsoft.Visual FoxPro is a powerful , flexible , and robust language for developing data base applications . Far superior to its competition . ... But this upgrade is little more than an enhanced maintenance release . There are an even dozen useful language improvements -- most of which should have been incorporated into the language years ago.There are some new development interface features that may aid development speed . Most of these -LRB- i.e. IntelliSense -RRB- have been available for years from third parties -- usually free.This release falls far short of a major upgrade to the language . Bill Gates must need the money . I would wait for Version 8.0 if I had the choice .
 This version of Vfox is the best one before today.Not only the Intellisence , but all the new resources are fantastics.So simple like CURSORRW in select or so complex like advanced object this version is the best of all !!!!!!!
 This is good reliable stuff.Looking forward to the 2008 version -LRB- included but still to be delivered -RRB- Shame my new MacBook Pro was only coming with a trail version , this is such monopolistic software that I had no choice but having it.Thanks to billy G.
 Microsoft Office 2004 for the Mac is a good product . I have had some problems formatting the page setup for my Word documents -LRB- they 're not letters -RRB- because the formatting is somewhat different than Word 2003 for the PC , but Excel is basically the same .
 It pretty much performs as I expect it to . I 'm still trying to get used to working on a Mac being a PC user for years but so far the product is pretty much user-friendly .
 Very pleased with performance ; have used it before without problems ,
 I have used Microsoft Office for PC in the past . This product for the MAC is great .
 It 's just packed with all kinds of goodies . I highly reccomend it .
 As a Unix system administrator , Microsoft Office is the best reason why I use the Mac as my primary workstation OS . Aside from the usual hassles of getting Linux up and running on any machine -LRB- especially on a laptop ! -RRB- , there really is n't any good Office alternatives that can effectively allow you to collaborate easily with the rest of the MS-centrict world - especially with Exchange . Microsoft Office 2004 allows you do to so easily without sacrificing your need to use an Unix OS -LRB- except , of course , for a lot of cash -RRB- . Case in point
 I have not tried Entourage because I am fine with Mac 's Mail program . Word , Powerpoint and Excel work just like on a Window 's computer . I have not had any problems switching files between my Mac and a Window 's computer -LRB- people ask me if that is a problem -RRB- . The only drawback to me is that the toolbars are a little more confusing in the Mac versions . They are all individual windows and I am so used to Microsoft Works toolbars being all up top .
 I love the format , ease of use and functionality that this software provides . No problems installing .
 Wow . I said this one word when I started working with Microsoft 's latest revision to their suite of software , Office 2004 . Wow . I also remember saying this when I say the gigantic headed Bill Gates up on the video screen behind Steve Jobs a few years ago when Apple and Microsoft agreed to play nice . -LRB- OK , there was more to it than just `` play nice , '' but as usual , I digress . -RRB- I do really like Office 2004 . I like what I can do better with it . And , there is now also an envy factor . Not only do I have a better operating system at home than at work -LRB- my employer is still stuck in XP-land -RRB- , but I now have a better Office software suite.Allow me to tell you that I have been an Microsoft Office user for a few years , on both Windows and Mac OS 9 . I was very happy with having Office X work so well on cross-platform work -LRB- when I travel without my Powerbook , I carry my USB thumb-drive and Office documents are quickly interchanged across operating systems . -RRB- So , I have been very pleased with this latest version of Office . The 2004 suite installs very smoothly -LRB- I recommend following the install program , but you can drag-n-drop the entire suite also . -RRB- I wo n't go into great detail about many of the different features -LRB- many Mac websites and magazines are filled with the current buzz about Office -RRB- but I will mention some high points and a few quirks.I loved Project Center . This made Entourage a win for me . Prior to this , I had Office X , but I used Apple 's Mail exclusively . Now , I use both -LRB- I 'll mention this in one of my reviewed quirks below . -RRB- The ability to organize , track , and group all my electronic work together -LRB- emails , documents , spreadsheets , presentations , contacts , calendars ... -RRB- has been very useful . Plus I like the reorganized Entourage viewing panel for reading emails -LRB- the email opens and can be viewed to the right of the screen , rather than the traditional top and bottom view . -RRB- Plus I really liked Word 's updates in two key areas
 Office is still , pretty much , the business standard of today . Truly one of Microsoft 's better products , it preforms up to it 's high standards here as well.The only thing that bugs me is that this version is coming up on four-years old !
 I recently purchased Microsoft office , and so far , I have had the chance to use Microsoft word . I am familiar with the product as I have had the older version before , with my old computer.I was pleased to find that I had no trouble with using my old files with this new software . I also was glad to find a variety of templates which were easy to use . I was able to print out business cards for me and my husband in just one morning.I am also glad that it is n't very much different from the old version , so I was able to use the program easily , without much adjustment .
 Perfect solution for using those windows programs we are used to ... but on the Mac . Runs smoothly . Entourage is a fine email program and Word , Excel and the others work great . A little spendy , but worth it if you need it . Entourage communicates well with Oulook and has a similiar feel .
 this is another great product from microsoft , though you may be better off buying the 2008 version
 I got a great price on Office Mac and it was shipped when it said it would . Great experience .
 What a rip-off ! The US price is $ 339.99 and the Canadian price is over $ 600 ? Why the difference ? To make it worse , the Canadian dollar is worth more than the US dollar at this point . Canadians , you are getting ripped off !!!!! I have n't bought it yet because I am trying to figure out if I should pay double for this product .
 If you just need to type a few emails to friends or to make a little flyer for a party or something , just get a cheap program . But if you are a professional writer or want something that can do it all after you invest a little time learning your way around , buy the MS Office , Standard or Professional as your needs require . I bought the Mac version and love the way it looks on my big high def . 24 '' iMac , 2 pages wide . I am producing a book with it . If your IQ is below 50 it may be too much to handle . Otherwise , bite the bullit and get the features it offers . I also do training and seminars with Powerpoint and look forward to using the new additions added to this latest -LRB- 2004 -RRB- upgrade.P . S.
 I like the 2004 version for MAC . It was in good condition and was just what I expected . I guess I do not like change . I am used to this version .
 I bought this product because my computer went haywire and I did not have my product key to reinstall the version that existed on my computer . I received the new copy of MS Office 2004 very quickly and in better condition than I expected . I am very happy with how it operates on my computer , and I would recommend this seller to anyone .
 I was unable to get a copy of this software in Australia so it was great that I could get it from USA . I have an I-Mac G5 and the free Open Office software was usable , but M/S Office is so much better . The delivery was OK , too .
 It arrived in a timely matter & was as described , and at a fair price .
 The package arrived at the predicted time , and the product works well enough . No complaints for Amazon , but the box did arrive absolutely soaking with some weird yellow cake-mixy substance . It 's a good thing the software box was shrink wrapped !
 I 've been using Microsoft Office since Office 98 and have never had a problem with any of the programs . Of course it has many more features than most people will ever use , but I constantly find new ways to streamline projects . I use it mostly in a business environment and do n't know of any other program -LRB- suite -RRB- that would work as well as this does . I suppose for most `` home '' users , Apples Pages , Sheets , and Keynote would work fine , but for real heavy lifting you -LRB- still -RRB- pretty much need Office .
 It 's the Office group of applications for the Mac . It works as advertised and allows seamless transfer of files between Windows and Macs -LRB- at least till most everyone has the newer iterations of Office on the PC , then the 2008 Office/Mac version will be mandatory .
 The purchase went through in a timely , organized , and professional manner . The product is performing well with no problems ; it does all that was promised . Thank you ,
 The software was installed flawlessly . Programs have worked successfully and been exactly what i need and wanted .
 Kind of expensive , but did n't come with my new laptop and I needed the word doc 's . Works awesome and I get to do power point with it . I 'm sure it will be easier to use than later models . Overall , great product !
 i am very happy with Microsoft Office 2004 . It is easy to install the software . I am using the whole suite of products successfully and easily . Thank you Bill Gates -LRB- and Steve Jobs ! -RRB- !
 I 've decided to evaluate Apple computers and OS X for a few months . So far I 've been less than impressed with the business related software offerings on the Mac compared with Windows . Having said that , MS Office on the Mac works pretty nicely . Ca n't wait for Office 2008 though as Office 2004 runs kind of slow even on a MBP 2.4 GHz w / 4GB ... Also , compared with Pages 08 , Star office , Neo Office , etc. . MS-Office is king .
 I have used the Excel , Word and Powerpoint software and it performs as I would expect it to . There are a lot of other capabilities in the software which I have not had time or need to evaluate . A more objective evaluation would be better after 90 or 180 days ...
 This is a fun and awesome learning material for egyptian arabic . I recommend it highly .
 Arabic Made Easy is an interactive CD-ROM that teaches formal written and spoken Arabic . It is designed with both the beginner through advanced student in mind . Learn the formal Arabic alphabet and beginning reading and writing principles . Practice the Egyptian dialect through exciting and realistic street scenes . Arabic Made Easy delivers more instruction , more effectively than many other higher priced products on the market today.This is not a complete course , but its a good place to start , especially since so many get stuck on the alphabet . This CD will teach you the accurate pronunciation of the alphabet - at your own pace . Once you 've learned pronunciation and reading , the dialogue section is a lot of fun ! You 'll like the graphics of the Egyptian city
 Your Arabic Made Easy program is a joy to work with . After studying Arabic -LRB- self taught -RRB- for a few years , I could read Arabic on a second grade level , but could never keep a spoken conversation going . Very much.My Egyptian friend thinks I 'm a genius to be learning so fast - this is really excellent software .
 It was a relief for me to be able to keep and upgrade Word and Excel , and to get Virtual PC -LRB- for Access -RRB- as well . I used them a lot on my PC a few years ago , and when I first switched to Mac , could n't find software that did what they did . I had no trouble installing the upgrade on my iMac G5 , nor did I have trouble installing Virtual PC . The only thing that WAS disappointing was that I could n't find out whether accessing the Internet from Virtual PC would open me up to PC-type viruses , or if Mac 's Unix system would protect me there , too . I continue to be disappointed that the Mac version of this software is not as rich as the PC version . But the upgrade itself worked well for what it was meant to do .
 i love working with crafts , and sometimes i enjoy working with Plastic Canvas ... But i am a creative person , and i wanted to create plastic canvas art with digital photos ... this kit is perfect for that!but it is also perfect for everyone at any level ... the possibilities are endless ... favorite celebrities , cartoons , images , pets , logo 's ... unlimited ideas!i highly recommend this product , and the package was sent promptly , as well as delivered as expected ... in new condition !
 Es una forma entretenida de poner nuestro sello personal a las manualidades . Para ser original con las tareas de nuestros hijos , tambi&eacute;n es un gran ayudante
 I think this software will be of great assistance in my designing patterns for my crossstitch projects.whereas before it was difficult .
 it was not as easy as i figured but will tudor you as you go to help make any pattern you could ever need
 Plastic canvas software.Plastic Canvas Design Studio Software Version 2.0 you are able to import photo 's and clip art to make your own patterns for plastic canvas projects . Use your imagination . No limits to what you can do
 This product does what I need it to do . I stitch with little kids and I can make easy patterns for them .
 good product but my mom really does n't know how to use it . took her a few google searches to figure things out
 Some of my explorations here include the movies I 've seen and enjoyed . Recently I saw `` The Kids Are All Right , '' starring Julianne Moore and Annette Bening.I was actually surprised when the movie came to my neighborhood mall , much less my city . Here in the Central Valley , we are often left out of the mix when it comes to quirky movies -LRB- or anything even remotely unconventional -RRB- . I had expected to enjoy it , but did n't have my hopes up too high , as sometimes I am disappointed . So imagine my relief to find that , not only did it surpass my expectations , but I was so into it that I was n't bored for even a moment . Sometimes movies that are about particular themes or topics will be predictable . But not this one . Even though there was the inevitable adolescent angst , followed by the search for the absent father , this one had the unique twist of a family headed by two `` moms , '' who had used a sperm donor.In fact , each mom had one of the kids and they both used the same donor . Makes the search easier.Mark Ruffalo starred as the `` sperm donor , '' who incidentally was quite interested in forming a bond with the kids.The kids invite him to their house with the moms and they all start to form a friendship of sorts . Jules , the character played by Julianne Moore , has just started a landscape business , and Paul -LRB- dad -RRB- conveniently hires her to landscape his yard.Okay , I saw the next bit coming ... sort of . But I wo n't describe what happens.Suffice it to say that a lot of chaos ensues.Throughout the movie , I most enjoyed the interactions between the family members and absolutely loved seeing the homey backdrop to the family moments . It does n't hurt that the other mom , Nick , played by Annette Bening , is a doctor , so the digs are very nice indeed.I 'm definitely preordering this DVD .
 The Kids Are All Right is a brilliant film . The acting is all Oscar worthy , the story is well told , engaging and interesting , and the music is also is really good . It 's a very entertaining movie , and it has a little bit of comedy , romance and drama , all of which feel genuine . The Kids Are All Right is definitely worth a watch , I 've seen it twice already and own it on DVD . This is a film that is mandatory , check it out .
 The other reviews , for good or ill , have gone over the plot and in that regard I have nothing to add . I just wanted to say that the characters feel like real people . They are n't cliches , but human beings with faults who sometimes make the wrong choices . If only more viewing experiences were this rewarding with characters you believe .
 I thoroughly enjoyed everything about this film . The script of course is a good starting point , while I 've noticed that some of the reviews have thus far been a bit nasty -LRB- mostly by angry lesbians or angry religionists -RRB- the script was really spot on in portraying the complications of human sexuality and the relationships that results of these complications . Making none of the characters truly unlikeable is one of the most important achievements that a writer can aspire to . Similarly the actors that take the material and make it their own breathe a unique life into this film . What could have been a disaster with the wrong casting turns out sublime with every actor , young and old , delving into the richness that this script provides . Lastly would be directing and production . While on a film like this they are less important then the other two aspects these pieces do n't distract from the film , instead really focusing on the relationships that all the characters have with each other . For all the gripes about the end , it is realistic and completely believable .
 Everyone turns in a commendable performance in this film . `` The Kids Are All Right '' confronts issues of diversity , belonging , the search for self and does so with humor pathos and honesty . Even though the story line might seem contrived and not plausible at times , they are real and out there . I know this as a personal truth . Ever-changing family constellations and the challenges that are inherent with them are explored and highlighted very well in this movie . If nothing else , the scene with Bening and Moore and another couple , in a restaurant having a conversation about organics and being green , is worth the price alone!The Kids Are All Right
 I went to see this film , only vaguely aware that it was about a Lesbian family . Mostly I was drawn by the two lead actresses , Benning and Moore , who have long been among my favorites . They did not let me down . Both break new ground with what one other reviewer has call `` pitch perfect '' performances in uncharacteristic roles . Benning 's silent , stunned slow burn , as she realizes what has been transpiring between her partner and the Mark Ruffalo character , will surely go down as one of the great moments of cinematic acting.While very entertaining in a first viewing , I have the feeling that this film will repay many more viewings . It comes on as a conventional genre family comedy/drama and proceeds to draw us deeper -LRB- not altogether willingly -RRB- with each successive scene . Although the ending can be construed as hopeful , it leaves many issues unresolved , more like a comma than a period . It left me with substantial characters who live and grow in my memory . These are flawed human beings who will continue to have to forgive and adjust to the changing configurations of their relationships . It 's not ` just a movie '' , Alfred . Welcome to the world of grown up relationships in the real world , chronological adults as well as the kids.This film is further evidence of a growing feeling I have had that as far as seriousness treatment of GLBT characters in contemporary setting goes , the ladies are way ahead of the guys . As evidence , I submit `` Saving Face '' and the much underrated `` Imagine You and Me . '' `` Brokeback Montain '' ? Come on , Lee 's `` Wedding Banquet '' has already aged way better .
 Lisa Cholodenko 's `` The Kids Are All Right '' is , simply , one of 2010s best movies . It 's a wise film about the family in our society . The acting is pitch perfect from Annette Bening -LRB- in her second grand slam performance this year , after `` Mother and Child '' -RRB- , Julianne Moore -LRB- always incredible -RRB- and Mark Ruffalo -LRB- in a surprisingly honest performance -RRB- . It 's also the kids who add serious credibility , with the insanely perfect Josh Hutcherson and Mia Wasikowska -LRB- making up for `` Alice in Wonderland '' in spades , is n't it amazing what a little character motivation can do for an actress ? -RRB- . The films emotional arc always rings true and the final moments of the film are layered , emotional , and moving in so many unexpected ways . The film is fun on top of all the great drama and works best as a snap shot of our time . This is one movie that will be remembered come Oscar season .
 `` The Kids are All Right '' is one of the most honest and intelligent films about family , relationships , and the institution of marriage you 're likely to see or have ever seen . That the central characters are a lesbian couple does n't matter in the slightest . Director/co-writer Lisa Cholodenko does n't sermonize about homophobia or civil unions or moral values , but rather presents a sincere , complex , and universal portrayal an American family - imperfect and at times highly turbulent , but still loving and committed . There 's no trace of Hollywood idealism ; rather , there 's the sense that we 're seeing real people living real lives with real ups and downs . Movies like this have to be treasured . They show respect for the audience . They involve you rather than make you feel like an outsider.At the center of the plot are Nic -LRB- Annette Benning -RRB- and Jules -LRB- Julianne Moore -RRB- , who have been married for a number of years and have raised two children , one born to each and conceived via an anonymous sperm donor . Despite their relatively normal upbringing , the half siblings - fifteen-year-old Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- and eighteen-year-old Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- , are curious about their biological father and decide to contact him through the sperm bank . Here enters Paul -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , the casual , relaxed , super cool owner of a restaurant serving organic food he has grown and harvested himself . He seems to like the kids . The kids seem to like him . The moms think he 's a little too pleased with himself , what with the way he describes his own success as the result of doing , not learning.Nic , a doctor who has always been the dominant provider , slowly begins to feel as if her world is being stolen away , the kids spending more time with Paul than she 's comfortable with . She drinks wine excessively . She has to be in control of every situation . Jules , less focused but more nurturing than Nic , begins to feel underappreciated , especially now that she has started a landscaping business . As it so happens , her first client is Paul , a turn of events that ties into a reality rarely discussed in the movies but is wisely observed here
 Hollywood has been all a buzz with `` The Kids Are All Right , '' a new film out by director Lisa Cholodenko . This is the first major Hollywood film about a fairly common family , with one exception . The parents are both women . `` The Kids Are All Right , '' stars female heavyweight actors Julianne Moore and Annette Bening as lesbian parents of two children whom have come to be curious about their natural father -LRB- only known as a sperm donor -RRB- . The insertion of this character , played by Mark Ruffalo , causes the balance of the family to go askew , and perhaps damages it beyond repair.But the story line is not what has all the movie reviewers worked up and excited . The performances so artfully crafted by Julianne Moore and Annette Bening are ones that will be studied by students of the craft . Lisa Cholodenko takes the characters and delicately peels away the layers of suburban convention and eco-pretentiousness to reveal the broken-hearted awareness of passion missing from a relationship . Moore and Bening are at their best , portraying long-loved partners that time , rearing children and careers have drained them of the love that once brought them together.Bening especially shines as a woman with heavy responsibilities and fears that her manicured family unit may be changed forever . In one scene Bening sings the words from Joni Mitchell 's `` Blue '' and we see a middle-aged woman with a heart exposed and for just a moment completely relinquishing the walls the protected her so well before.Julianne Moore 's performance is one more subtle and quiet . Yet , within this character that always put others before her own desires , it 's apparent that a yearning to be seen and heard may break her away from a life that has been comfortable and easy.The children played by Mia Wasikowska and Josh Hutcherson are well casted and the supporting role by beautiful Yaya DaCosta adds necessary zest to the story.Obviously this film is not going to please many due to the lesbian story line , but in the end it is a film more about families and love than it is about sexual orientation . See this film when you get the chance to , it 's a promise that it will be in the mix around award season and you will want to know for yourself that `` The Kids Are All Right . '' `` The Kids Are All Right '' is rated R for sexually explicit scenes and has a run time of 1 hr . and 46 minutesFor more film reviews and news from Kay Shackleton see
 THE KIDS ARE ALL RIGHT has been heaped with praise from critics , including significant talk of Oscar nominations . The entire time I was watching the film , I could n't help but wonder if at least some of that stemmed purely from a need to praise a film for showing a `` normal '' lesbian family ... regardless of the quality of the film . I know viewers -LRB- or even just people who read a description of the film -RRB- who have problems with gay issues will no doubt bristle at this film and its efforts to `` push an agenda . '' It would be nice if a movie could just be judged for its own merits , apart from political/social concerns ... but I suppose that is n't possible.However , I 'd like to try . Because the nice thing about the film is that it DOES N'T really push an agenda . It 's just a quirky , indie-spirited film with above average performances and script ... full of frustrating characters who do lovely things and stupid things , just like real life.It tells the story of a long-term lesbian couple -LRB- Annette Bening , playing a doctor & Julianne Moore , playing the mom who has trouble settling on anything to do , but is currently trying on a `` landscaping designer '' hat -RRB- , who have two teenage kids , Mia Wasikowska , just turned 18 and Josh Hutcherson , around 16 . Wasikowska is studious and sincere ... darn near what anyone would call the perfect daughter . Hutcherson is more of an athlete and goof-off . He 's very nice , but is easily swayed into engaging in inappropriate behavior . Early on , the film implies that he 's curious to know what it would be like to have had a father-figure in his life ... so he persuades his sister to contact the man who donated the sperm that resulted in him and his sibling . -LRB- By the way , one thing the film does n't get right ... the two siblings get along famously and never seem to get on each other 's nerves . Sure . -RRB- So she calls `` dad '' -LRB- Mark Ruffalo , a restauranteur who also owns an organic farm co-op , drives a BMW motorcycle and is the most laid-back , cuddly , sincere guy around -RRB- , and the three meet . The meeting goes well , and eventually , to the shock of the two moms , the family of 4 now seems to have a fifth person . While Ruffalo is n't exactly a part of the family , his relationship blossoms with the kids and with Moore -LRB- who gets a job redoing his landscaping -RRB- . Bening gives the most nuanced performance here . She 's the least easy character to like . She 's always been the major bread-winner . She 's a doctor , so she is naturally a bit of a perfectionist . She tries SO hard to be even-handed and fair , but she 's actually a tightly-wound bundle of nerves who would clearly be happier just telling everyone else what do , when to do it , and what to say . She no doubt imagines herself as a `` hip & cool '' parent , but she 's actually super uptight . But underneath it all , we see the deep , abiding love she has for everyone in her family . She CAN be warm and open ... but she can be really nasty too , especially when she drinks , which she does too much of . Her character goes through a number of subtle changes throughout the film , and later , when she is wounded ... it is her pain that we feel most acutely ... even though she is the character we 've felt most distant from.Moore plays a woman who was clearly a bit more of a free spirit in her youth , and that has translated into her feeling a bit adrift in middle age . She 's tried several careers , unsuccessfully ... and clearly feels some guilt at having not contributed as much financially to the family , yet she also resents being made to feel guilty and foolish . She is more open to Ruffalo 's charms , and this causes significant friction.Ruffalo does his best Mark Ruffalo-like performance . He 's a ladies ' man who does n't have to try . He plucks organic tomatoes , he runs a funky restaurant , he drives a truck and wears leather , yet is gentle and passionate at the same time . You can see how women might struggle to resist him ... but you have to wonder if someone like him really exists . His best scenes are when he spends some time with his son ... you seem him struggling between just being a pal -LRB- the easy choice -RRB- and being something of a role model -LRB- the tricky choice -RRB- . He enjoys time with his daughter , but she 's so together that it 's easy for him ... it is the son looking for a father-figure that draws out deeper feelings in Ruffalo . He 's forced to examine the path his life has taken thus far.There are many bumpy spots along the road , and naturally many old feelings are aired , wonderful verbal fights are fought and tears are shed in abundance . In the end , what makes the film a cut above the average is the fact that each character is sharply drawn , each has admirable character traits and deep flaws . The actors do a good job , but they also have a good script to rip into.I 've only known a small handful of long-term lesbian couples , and certainly I know nothing about the intimate details of their private lives . Thus , I ca n't comment on the credibility of the lesbian relationship depicted in THE KIDS ARE ALL RIGHT . But the details of Bening & Moore 's love life are fairly specific , and it all FEELS credible . I 'll leave it to others who know better to say if it really IS credible . But Bening & Moore have good chemistry , and that certainly helps.This is n't the greatest film ever -LRB- or even the best of the year so far -RRB- . It did n't take me through a wrenching emotional journey -LRB- as it clearly wanted to -RRB- . But it DID take some unexpected turns , featured great writing and good performances ... and for that alone , I can strongly recommend THE KIDS ARE ALRIGHT .
 This intelligent and mildly amusing film gives us a family crisis with a difference
 This light film shows a fairly successful lesbian couple dealing withthe sudden appearance of their children 's sperm donor . This seems tobring out all of the cracks in their relationship with each other , their children , and their own sense of identity , and cause lots of badbehavior . It 's not in the least a dark , deep or political film , butamusing and hopeful . The two women are completely individual andspecific , not standing in for lesbian couples in general . The movieis entertaining and amusing , but not something you 'll be thinking aboutdays or weeks later.Visually it feels very light and open , and very California . I lovedboth Annette Bening , who allowed herself to appear older than shereally looks , and Julianne Moore , and they had great chemistry.Anybody who is n't going to be upset by assorted non-explicit sexscenes will enjoy it . I was n't as crazy about the Mark Ruffalocharacter , but he seemed to be mostly a foil for the women . It wasgreat to see a Hollywood movie really about women , not men.The extras included a great interview with the director and co-writer , Lisa Cholodenko , who also directed a very dark and edgy indie flick , `` High Art '' , with Ally Sheedy .
 I was excited to see this movie opening week for two reasons
 Excellent movie about a normal family and with all the familiy ingredients ! Excelent artists with Julianne Moore and Annette Bening especially .
 I know there are many people out there against `` lesbian '' films -LRB- I know some of them myself -RRB- and I wish these people would see this movie , its not just a `` lesbian '' movie but about the power of love , family , and togetherness.The film starts out introducing us to Nic -LRB- played the always fabulous Annette Bening in one of her best roles to date -RRB- an OBG/YN and Jules -LRB- portrayed by the equally talented and overlooked Julianne Moore -RRB- a stay at home mom and their 2 children Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska of `` Alice In Wonderland '' -RRB- and Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson of `` Bridge To Terabithia '' -RRB- in L.A. and the summer before Joni is leaving for college.While on the outside Nic and Jules seem to have a `` perfect '' relationship , things are n't as what they seem . Jules has a dream of starting a landscaping business and Nic -LRB- having been through past similar situations with Jules -RRB- is less than supportive . Meanwhile their 15 year old son Laser wants to get in contact with his biological father , Paul -LRB- portrayed by Mark Ruffalo -RRB- and enlist his 18 year old sister Joni to contact the sperm bank and get the information -LRB- minors are not permitted to access such information -RRB- . Joni and Laser end up meeting Paul and take an instant liking to him and develop a secret bond with him behind Nic and Jules 's backs . Laser is forced to reveal the truth to Nic and Jules after being confronted about a friend of his . The 5 have a dinner together and Jules is as welcoming as Laser and Joni but Nic is less than warm . The conversation turns to Jules ' business and Paul hires Jules to do his yard.One day working Jules confesses to Paul how Nic has never been 100 % supportive of Jules ' dreams and impulsively kisses him . This leads to an affair between the two . One night Nic decides to give Paul a chance and motions that they have dinner at his home -LRB- also to see Jules ' work -RRB- and it seem to be working . While in the restroom Nic notices Jules ' hair on a hairbrush and in the bathroom she confronts Jules who breaks down and admits to the affair.Tensions become high in the home as Laser and Joni turn against Jules and Paul -LRB- who wants Jules to leave Nic and take the kids and be with him but Jules is determined to win her family back -RRB- . The night before Joni is to leave for college Jules sets her family down and begs for forgiveness saying `` marriage is work . '' All 3 accompany Joni to her new school the next morning and share a tearful goodbye . With Laser in the backseat he says to Nic and Jules `` You guys should n't spilt up . You 're too old . '' Nic and Jules look in the rear viewed mirror and share a giggle as they hold hands driving off.Overall a FABULOUS movie . Great script , great story , and great performances . I HIGHLY recommend it ! I can see this as the year that either Annette or Julianne will get their long overdue Oscar .
 The Kids Are All Right is a thoroughly entertaining slice-of-life domestic drama about two kids who look up their sperm-donor father , causing cataclysmic changes in the family dynamic . Not a unique premise save that the parents of the kids happen to be lesbians.The entire cause c&eacute;l&egrave;bre for this film is to show straight America how `` normal '' gay families are and that they should n't be afraid of `` gay marriage '' or `` gay parenting , '' thus it does n't delve too deep or wander too far off topic . Political film making is a tricky business . You 'll remember the Tom Hanks drama Philadelphia was maligned by the LGBT activist fringe for all the issues it did n't address ; to which my answer has always been
 I found this movie to be very well-acted and well-directed . The sexual scenes did n't bother me not one bit , like some of the other reviewers.I mean , COME ON !! -- This is life in the 21st Century ! -- Grow up already!People get naked and they interact , okay ? -- Thank goodness that computers and gadgetshave n't spoiled that for us -LRB- yet ! -RRB- , as it has with basic conversational skills and other formsof by-gone or slowly dying human interaction.I actually know both a lesbian couple , as well as a gay male couple whoare living similar circumstances as in the premise of this movie.I found it very modern , refreshing , and mature in it 's approach to the subject matter.I have long been a fan of Mark Ruffalo , Julianne Moore and Annette Benning 's work , and I also thought `` the kids '' themselves did an excellent job at portraying their roles.My problem was in that I felt like the Mark Ruffalo character kind of had his once happyand balanced , -LRB- for him -RRB- , life just upheaved and torn apart when he gets contacted by these `` kids '' , who of course , have every right to know who their father / donor was , and also what his background is.Ruffalo 's character had a great attitude -LRB- I thought -RRB- about the whole thing ... He was naturally pensive and cautious at first , though not in a malicious way , but soon warmed to theidea that he had these `` kids '' in his life now , and was more than open to getting to know them , and allowthem to get to know him . I felt that Annette Benning 's character , who felt threatened , in addition to justbeing an anal-retentive , controlling witch with a capital B , was very mean and cold towards Ruffalo 's character.Julianne Moore 's character was a bit of a messy , confused , psychological user.Moore 's character is that kind of person who is filled with inner turmoil or frustration , but makes it everybodyelse 's problem around her . I hated how she treated the latino gardener too , just because she felt guiltyabout all of the drama and calamity that she was causing in her affair with Ruffalo 's character!I always say
 I enjoyed this film but in the end I thought the meaning of human sexuality , intimacy and pair bonding within the context of a contemporary marriage , brought into sharp relief by the arrival of Paul -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , was left unresolved and unacknowledged . Perhaps that was the director 's intent . The fact that Nick and Jules are gay is almost beside the point . The very existence of Paul , an affable stranger with a biological connection to the couple 's offspring and no male to male competitive issues , would n't make sense in a story involving a heterosexual couple.The real drama here is Nick and Jules ' relationship which includes many of the traits and strains of many long term relationships , straight and gay . They are both attractive , but the sex has been getting workmanlike and probably a bit boring . They are getting on each other 's nerves . Kids are growing up and in their own way pushing back and asserting themselves as newly minted adults . Now that her full time childcare duties are winding down , Jules is eager to move on to a new phase of her life with a new business that will allow her to flex her long dormant design skills . Nick -LRB- the alpha half and a bit of a control freak -RRB- is n't taking to these changes very graciously . Enter , Paul , who is invited into contact with the family by the `` kids '' . He 's a nice guy ... attractive -LRB- did Ruffalo purposely model Warren Beatty on his Paul -RRB- non-needy , owner of his own business who makes a genuine and healthy connection to Joni and Laser . In his private life , he 's probably polyamorous ... but we really do n't know for sure . Jules however is feeling somewhat unappreciated and condescended to by Nick and Paul , now a client of hers , is the perfect tableau on which to project her longing for a lover who listens to her , appreciates her talents and is n't so controlling and self absorbed . Her evolution from consultant to lover is slow , sweet and entirely understandable . The sexual release is explosive . Jules still loves Nick but their 20 or so years of pair bonding intimacy has downgraded their sexual passion and therefore , in turn , their relationship . Sound familiar ? After being `` discovered '' by Nick and the recriminations begin to fly Jules shouts `` Do you even find me attractive anymore ? `` By this point I though the film was really covering some really important ground but then ... . it does n't quite know where to go . After beautifully exposing the real challenges and contradictions of monogamy in long term relationships and the need for couples to take a hard look at how their love life may be undergoing atrophy , the ensuing `` crisis '' is wasted with a brief heartfelt but lame `` marriage is hard '' speech from Jules and rather selfish tossing away of Paul , halfheartedly re-branded as some sort of villain by the de-facto family `` bad cop '' Nick . Are we to asssume that everyone else agrees or is Nick just being the same `` old '' Nick and making everyone elses decisions for them ... or do they ALL want Paul -LRB- who they invited to this gig in the first place -RRB- to disappear?As for Paul , contact with this family has ignited a desire for a real pair bonding relationship with loving partner and much to his surprise , he falls for Jules ... who really , I think , just needed a passionate fling -LRB- with the ever controlling Nick out of the picture -RRB- to help her re-find her inner self and begin building a better relationship with Nick . This is life ! We do n't always like the consequences . Paul goes away -LRB- I guess -RRB- somewhat heartbroken -LRB- again ... I guess -RRB- , and we are -LRB- or at least I was -RRB- left hoping he 'd get over it and , some day have `` the kids '' back to his restaurant for some braised lamb shanks and a good bottle of wine while the moms are off on vacation , making love in some hotel room in Paris.In the end ... I think , Paul has done this family a great service but alas ... it 's not really acknowledged by the filmmakers -LRB- or characters -RRB- . Make up your own mind .
 Lisa Cholodenko 's new film tackles topics whose time has come . While the nation continues to roil with debate about gay marriage , countless same-sex couples have quietly entered into partnerships as durable as any heterosexual pairing , and many of these have produced children , either through adoption , or as in the case of Nic and Jules , the couple played by Annette Bening and Julianne Moore in `` The Kids Are All Right , '' artificial insemination , each having a baby by the same sperm donor -LRB- how common is this , I wonder ? -RRB- . Touching on another modern familial trend , their teenaged children Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- and Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- have decided to seek out their biological father -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , who turns out to be Paul , an organic farmer and restaurateur whose casual attitude toward relationships is in sharp contrast to the committed family unit he has unknowingly aided in producing.Whatever his flaws , Paul nevertheless has something that has been lacking in their lives , and the children and Jules , the less driven of the two women , soon warm to him . The perfectionist , overachieving Nic hangs back warily , threatened by what she sees as the unthinking eagerness of her loved ones to steer into deep emotional waters . It is one of the outstanding virtues of Cholodenko 's film that the twists and turns these five people 's lives take after their initial contact seem , with one important exception , entirely natural and inevitable . Much credit has to go to the script by Cholodenko and co-writer Stuart Blumberg , so adept at catching the nuances of family life and friendship , particularly the way the strains of everyday existence and the routine of years together can chip away at genuine love to the point of collapse before anyone knows what has happened . This truth is beautifully limned in a moving climactic speech by Moore.She is one of an altogether superb cast -- Annette Bening 's return to the screen is welcome and she plays Nic to absolute perfection -LRB- her silences are almost more eloquent than her words -RRB- , while Mia Wasikowska and Josh Hutcherson are hardly less good as the children ; Wasikowska in particular has a luminosity of a young Gwyneth Paltrow . That leaves Ruffalo , and though he has played the scruffy hunk role before , he does it very well , especially late in the film when he 's conveying the bewilderment of a man who realizes , much too late , how far he is out of his depth . *** SPOILER ALERT *** So what 's not to like ? I suppose when it came to constructing the major plot crisis , it had to be the one Cholodenko and Blumberg chose . Only something that traumatic could have blown everyone 's fragile happiness to smithereens , not to be put back together again except with agonizing care and no guarantee of success . Still , it 's the one event that strikes a contrived note , and all the more disappointing because it plays into all of the sniggering stereotypes about a woman just needing the right man to show her the ropes . It seems churlish to complain when so much is right about `` The Kids Are All Right , '' -- but this flaw thereby seems the more glaring in comparison . Still , no one should be dissuaded from seeing this otherwise superb movie -- there 's too much great writing and acting in it , and food for thought long after it 's over .
 This is one of those modern , unconventional California families
 To ramp up the drama in this film , the director takes some very predictable and not very believable plot twists . I would have preferred she stay with the natural drama inherent in the very situation itself of a sperm donor finally meeting the children he sired for two lesbians almost two decades ago . The oldest child is set to go to college in a few weeks . Thus the stage is set for everyone to meet Mark Ruffalo as the donor . Julianne Moore and Annette Bening play the lesbian couple with Bening being a doctor and Moore the homemaker . Ruffalo owns a local restaurant.Where it veers in the wrong direction is an attraction which flares up between the male donor and one of the lesbian women . Where it veers in the right direction is the inherent drama in finding out the missing link in your family 's overall equation . It is a tension fraught situation for everyone wondering how he will change their family and whether Pandora 's Box has been opened or not.The film has a lot to say about nature vs. nurture . It drives one of the mothers crazy that she starts recognizing the children in his gestures and movements . The genetic stamp is there . Yet the donor is a real goof off in comparison to the family unit . The children have absorbed the advantages of having two highly educated and motivated mothers rearing them . They clearly do not have their father 's attitude of `` wasting his time by going to college . `` The law has been changing rapidly with its being harder and harder to keep biological parenting information secret . We are clearly headed in the direction of most children knowing who and where biological parents are in almost every situation . Where this film is very good is in exploring the natural drama of what happens when a family has to start dealing with these issues now that the information is available . I wish the director had stuck to that natural drama rather than an unlikely attraction between Ruffalo and one of the women but that only takes one star off . It is very much a four star , very good film .
 Though The Kids Are All Right never surpasses the threshold of greatness , the film is an intelligent take on familial and romantic relationships.While Nic -LRB- Annette Bening -RRB- and Jules -LRB- Julianne Moore -RRB- struggle with their marriage , their daughter Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- faces graduation . Meanwhile , their son Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- contacts his biological father , the free spirited Paul -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- who donated sperm when he was a young man . As Paul is increasingly intertwined in his `` children 's '' lives , his role in the family becomes more complex.There are no villains here . Nic 's controlling nature is somewhat overemphasized , but Bening remains sympathetic and humorous . Moore is likewise engaging as the appealing but insecure Jules . Ruffalo is excellent as the laid back Paul . His unexpected reactions to having a family of sorts are fascinating but a tad underdeveloped.Joni and Laser are perhaps the most well drawn characters . In fact , their stories could have been explored more . The siblings have a close but imperfect connection . They are sarcastic , naive , endearing , and a refreshing departure from unrealistic teenage stereotypes.The Kids Are All Right touches on everyday questions of patience , disappointment , and love . The movie sometimes strains to find the right amount of quirk , but it 's a rare film that is both enjoyable and smart , and thus worth seeing .
 `` The Kids Are All Right '' - it seems strange to label a movie with such an unconventional story line as formulaic , but upon reflection that is the way it seemed to me . The last minutes of the film are one long tear-jerker . The acting is uniformly excellent . Annette Bening and Julianne Moore are perfectly cast and superb in their roles . The son and daughter are fine as is Mark Ruffalo as the sperm donor who causes havoc for the family . Two lesbians , years ago , used a sperm donor to have children , and the kids were anxious to meet their `` father . `` Bening is controlling and a perfectionist while Moore is more relaxed and free-wheeling , and Ruffalo is a self-absorbed free soul , actually a selfish lout.Some of the actions and some of the plot devices did n't ring true for me . Though I think the film tries very hard to be daring and overly explicit , I believe there is a lot to admire in it . I 'm sure you 'll be entertained by it as long as you are n't prudish and puritanical . The cinematography is almost too perfect in the crisp sunlit images it presents.The relationship between the two women I found very affecting . But I was annoyed that to me it seemed like a twenty-first century soap opera in the era of the unzippered lifestyle and the age of trying to shock the unshockable Molly Browns left out there . `` We 'll go this far , and , you know what , we 'll go just a little bit farther into shock and awe land , '' the moviemakers seem to be saying.Long ago movies breached my shock level , but I still have a discomfort zone , and that 's the way I felt when the two women in bed were watching male gay porn . I do n't have to know , and I do n't want to know . Are such things in the movie to tell the story or to sell tickets and titillate -LRB- pardon the expression -RRB- . I still give this film a heads-up because it was fun watching for the most part , entertaining , touching , and well-acted . Definitely not a waste of time .
 The Kids Are All Right tells the story of a lesbian couple with two children that were conceived via anonymous sperm donor , but it succeeds by telling it in the same way it would if the couple had been heterosexual . Director/co-writer Lisa Cholodenko and co-writer Stuart Blumberg make their lesbian couple no different from a typical married couple and largely avoid the clich&eacute;s that could cause this film to be labeled a `` gay movie . `` Nic -LRB- Annette Bening -RRB- and Jules -LRB- Julianne Moore -RRB- are a married couple living in California with their two children Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- and Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- . Nic is a doctor , while Jules is trying to establish herself as a landscape designer after several failed business ventures . Their marriage is a bit rocky , but they have two well-rounded , intelligent children conceived via anonymous sperm donor . Laser , at 15 , has grown curious about his mystery father and asks his 18-year-old sister to find out who the man is . Leaving for college soon , she reluctantly agrees . The donor in question is Paul -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , unmarried , with no children , the owner of an organic restaurant , and naturally curious about these two kids . Joni and Laser find him cool and likable , but agree that their moms must not find out . When they do find out , they insist that Paul is invited over for dinner . Paul is so likable that only Nic remains skeptical of the man.The film is a comedy , but its humor stems from the characters ' sense of humor rather than just exploiting the characters by putting them in humorous situations . The tone is kept light , never getting too heavy but Cholodenko knows not to let dramatic opportunities go to waste . With that said , the film never overdoes the emotional stuff . Where most movies allow an emotional holocaust to unfold whenever a character finds out something devastating , The Kids Are All Right has characters that react much like real people would which makes the emotional scenes very effective and very affecting.While I do n't consider it a misstep per se , infidelity does factor into the plot . This is something we 've seen countless times , but it 's handled much better than it could 've been here . While not always unpredictable and fresh , I found this film so charming , funny , and inspired I can forgive it for being occasionally overly familiar . What this film has is a good script with great characters enriched by how great they 're played by the actors involved.Nic and Jules have been married for nearly twenty years , a marriage which Bening and Moore make believable . They 're not a perfect couple , but they 're not constantly at odds with each other either . They convey the believability of their relationship with body language and their general attitude towards each other ; assisted by the great dialogue they 're given . Both Moore and Bening are perfect and I 'd be torn to choose who gives the better performance . They both avoid the stereotypes , never emphasizing how taboo their characters may seem to some , and they bring such humor and humanity to their roles while playing them as very normal people ; two people who are married , have real emotions , and are struggling to do what 's right while working through a rough patch in their relationship.Mark Ruffalo is almost exclusively responsible for the likability of Paul . The role seems simple enough , but it 's easy to see where another actor could have brought the wrong nuance to the role and seemed immoral and somewhat immature rather than laid-back and comfortable with himself . His final scene in the film is remarkable ; despite his mistakes , you ca n't help feel some empathy for him . Ruffalo brings out Paul 's emotions in a way you really believe someone like Paul would and the way he smiles at Laser in the last moments of the scene brings a terrific amount of closure to his character . If Ruffalo and Bening are nominated for an Academy Award , this is the scene where Oscar voters would decide that . Ruffalo makes Paul one of the most likable characters of 2010 and gives the rare kind of performance that does n't need to be explosively dramatic to get recognition during awards season.The Kids Are All Right is a funny , at times touching film driven by its exceptionable cast . With a lesser cast , I admit this may have been a lesser film but sometimes everything just aligns perfectly . This is one of my favorite films of 2010 , with a cast doing some great work that I hope will be recognized . It 's not a perfect film , but it does so many things right that other films of this kind get wrong.GRADE
 This movie was true to life in a clever way . Forgiveness is depicted in a raw fashion that shows the level of forgiveness that humans have .
 Two teenage children hunt down their sperm donor father -LRB- who gave his sperm to their two lesbian mothers so their half siblings -RRB- , a 37-year-old restaurant entrepreneur with no family or emotional attachments and the father becomes an interloper , having an affair with one of the mothers.The drama is by turns comic , pathetic , and always realistic as we penetrate the motivations of the principals . No scene is wasted . The controlling spouse is played masterfully by Annette Bening who may have done the best performance of all.It 's amazing watching the characters ' unconscious motives unfold , especially the father played by Mark Ruffalo , who , unbeknownst to himself , wants to take over the family for himself , that is to say , take one of the mothers and adopt the children . In other words , he wants an instant family without doing any of the work . He 's in for a lesson.Highly recommended .
 Very surprised when I watched this with my wife . There were so many moments where this movie could have become a typical one , but it never patronizes the audience . Impressed .
 Last night 's bargain-rack movie was `` The Kids Are All Right '' on DVD . It concerned two women who lived together and had kids by the same male donor . Okay , it 's a bit unusual but it could easily happen in this day and age . In any case , the kids discover their father and contact him , much to his surprise . A warm friendship develops between them and their biological father and between him and the two women and he ultimately has an affair with one . It 's an interesting modern-day story and rather well done , and in good taste I might add . The acting is excellent . The directing is good . The story seems completely believable , although I dozed off toward the end . It 's a worthwhile movie.Gary Peterson
 Literally no words . I honestly forgot if I bought it used or new , but it does n't matter because it looked like new . It was spotless , wrapped up , and the disc has NO scratches on it . I 'm very pleased .
 My lesbian co-work told me about this movie . I found it on Amazon and ordered it . I really ... . really enjoyed watching this movie . It was very touching .
 i have watched this movie numerous times . very touching at times , funny at others . America should wake up and realize that just because the same sex wants to be together that doesnt mean that there wont be a normal life for all involved . just what is normal anyways ? juilanne moore gives one of the best performances of her time in my opinion . definitely give this movie 2 big thumbs up !
 This is a perceptive and intelligent film that anyone can relate to who has been married for a long time with kids . It just happens that the parents are lesbians , both having accepted seed from the same donor . First the son , then the older daughter , decide to meet him without telling their moms . The donor dad , of course , throws a delicate system badly out of balance and conflict ensues.That is the plot . The people underneath are acted with a delicate intensity that is so good it approaches real life , as only the best art can accomplish . While very funny , this is not a comedy but a serious drama that I found moving and thought provoking . Allowing herself to appear splendidly middle-aged , Benning plays a tightly wound doctor , the breadwinner and maintainer of order . Moore is the designated full-time mother , who is less together and feeling neglected by her spouse . Their children are also realistic
 The nuclear family takes on a different spin when both parents are same sex and the kids are the product of a male sperm donor in The Kids Are All Right . When traumatic upheaval and revelations strike such a family , the results can be amusing and also tragic . Annette Bening and Julianne Moore highlight an insightful script about domesticity turned on its head.Nic -LRB- Bening -RRB- and Jules -LRB- Moore -RRB- are lesbian parents of two teens , Joni and Laser . One day the children research and contact their biological father , Paul -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , who agrees to meet his progeny . After an awkward first meeting , things actually go well as the new family connections are explored by the kids and their newly found father . The couple of Nic and Jules are a contrast ; Nic is the physician who is totally controlling while Jules is still trying to find herself with a new business of landscaping . Laser hangs with the wrong crowd and begins to realize that he deserves better through his bond with Paul . Joni is trying to assert herself as an adult and prepares to go to college . The moms show a parental responsibility to watch over their children and want to meet the dad . When Paul hires Jules to do work on his restaurant landscape , the two connect . As Paul 's influence begins to overcome the family , Nic feels left out . But there is an attraction between Jules and Paul that leads to a torrid affair , and when Nic discovers the truth , the family is torn apart . Into this mix are two maturing children whose emotions will be tested throughout.The roles are well acted especially by Benning as a betrayed spouse , and in particular , her scene of revelation about Jules is a marvel of expressiveness and devastating heartbreak . This culminates in a powerful moment with all the principals present at Paul 's dinner table . Moore gives solid support and shines in her heartfelt plea to her family near the end . The ensemble is well cast particularly Ruffalo whose almost bystander role is suddenly elevated to catalyst and disruptor of the family 's dynamic.The story has a nice balance of serious tones and comedic elements born out of the situations . The themes work on several levels like ingredients of a zesty recipe
 `` The Kids Are All Right '' is an entertaining little story about the ups and downs of family life , with the only notable off-the-beaten-track aspect of the movie being that the two parents in the family are both women . The movie 's one other somewhat unusual element is the eventual involvement of a third parental figure , the formerly anonymous sperm donor who enabled the two women to start a family years before . But even that was n't too unusual , as additional parental figures are something that straight families also regularly encounter , in the form of ex-spouses and ex-significant others.There are many reasons to enjoy this smart , engaging movie , but I think it especially helps that the strongest political statement the film makes is not to make a political statement , at least not an overt one . If there 's a gay cabal in the shadows trying to use the movie to promote a message , the message seems to be a pretty innocuous one , something along the lines of , `` Gay parents walk the same path as straight parents . Sometimes we make good decisions , sometimes we make stupid ones , sometimes we treat our partners well , sometimes we hurt them . `` In any event , my wife and I both enjoyed this breezy little drama , which works especially well in the comfortable intimacy of your living room -LRB- or wherever you watch your movies at home -RRB- . In fact , it would n't be bad if the movie 's characters and scenarios were expanded into a television series ... though of course you would n't get Annette Bening and Julianne Moore to reprise their roles . Both are excellent here.The movie looks and sounds fine on standard DVD , though the `` rental only '' version of the DVD that we watched did n't allow access to the several extras listed on the bonus features menu . Accessing the extra features , which look interesting , wo n't be a problem with the retail version of the DVD available on Amazon and in retail stores .
 I was in shock when I saw this film . It was indeed one of the best films I have seen in years . The acting , the script -- everything was near perfection . It is seldom that one sees a cast that is so cohesive . I can not recommend this film highly enough . Annette Benning -LRB- great actress that she is -RRB- outdoes herself in what I consider perhaps the greatest role of her carreer . Highly recommended .
 This review is from
 The movieRoommatesstarring Peter Falk , Julianne Moore and d.B. Sweeney is probably the best and real movie Moore has ever done . Roomates also had a wonderful message in it about a loving/caring grandparent -LRB- it will brings tears and laughter . -RRB- A must see !!! This movie also has an important message that is worth noting . The world needs to stop being so hypocritical and judgemental . This movie has a great cast with some super stars on their way.See this movie ... live and let live.Vi ses !
 `` The Kids Are All Right '' has humor , power , insight and helps to remind us what a family is really all about . It 's also a cautionary tale
 As the 180th review , few will read this . I liked the film , the plot , the acting , and the general premise of `` a normal gay/lesbian suburban family '' . What I found fascinating was Annette Bennings ' role as the MALE or HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD . What one sees and finds fascinating is ` the maleness ' she portrays , no doubt what she sees with all the males she connects with , a womans ' view of what men are and their predictable reactions . She plays the character to perfection , as she is capable of . The problem is that the images are generic , simplistic , and stereotypical -LRB- also wry and humorous -RRB- . I could see myself being viewed this way but I did n't feel my maleness captured . Some women friends , asked what makes a man different from a woman , reply ' a certain perversity to their character , and words similar . She was ` HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD ' trying to play ` MALE ' . The greatness of Stepford Wives was the inability of men to be able to craft a ` perfect woman ' , either version of the film . The curiosity of this movie , women are unable create the ` perfect male ' . Incidentally , I am a white , professional male , 60 's , retired , fascinated with the changes in man-woman relationships we 've witnessed the last 40 years .
 The Kids Are All Right is a story about two lesbian moms that basically live like a normal family raising their kids . Well the comedy comes in the way they interact with , not only each other , but their own children whenever the kids ask them questions pertaining to their sexual preferences.This is done in a way that seems inoffensive and harmless -LRB- though I suppose it 's up for interpretation whether it really is or not -RRB- and there 's actually some pretty clever scenes such as , for example , the two moms questioning their sons sexual preferences and automatically assuming that he 's chosen a man and that he has some explaining to do when the one mom accidentally walked into his bedroom and noticed he was watching male pornography on his computer , however it turns out the male porn belonged to the two moms so THEY were actually the ones who had to explain it , lol . I 'm referring to the kitchen scene near the beginning . It 's hilarious ! Talk about turning the tables!Anyway the storyline is about the kids wanting to find their biological father -LRB- the sperm doner -RRB- so they do a little searching and when they find him ... well it turns out he 's doing pretty good for himself and gets along with the kids but I would n't call it a GREAT relationship . As the one mom accurately says , `` he 's too self-satisfied '' and believes in doing things his own way which can easily be interpreted as `` the lazy way '' or `` his way or the highway '' . Eventually we discover that the one mom has a thing for this man , so they find sneaky ways to hide their sexual relationship through a supposed `` back yard decoration chore '' that the mom volunteered for , even though it 's pretty obvious to the people working in the back yard that some hanky panky is taking place between the mom and the sperm doner , lol . This relationship is what begins the increase in quality for me . Before this ... I 'd say the movie was n't really anything special . Now however , they have to keep this knowledge hidden from the moms lesbian partner.I had to take one point away because there 's some mild downtime in the beginning when really nothing of interest happens . No character or storyline development takes place for several minutes at a time , and the discussion between the biological father and his kids was alright but occasionally the victim of hit-or-miss in the jokes department . The second half of the movie when the one mom suspects the other one of cheating on her , along with the Joni Mitchell dinner table sing-along segment -LRB- and I 'll have them know I 'm a straight man who loves Joni 's music ! -RRB- is another noteworthy segment.Overall , the Kids Are All Right is funny and it 's even touching -LRB- especially near th end when the daughter goes off to college -RRB- . Most importantly - and the reason I watched it in the first place - it 's just plain different . I prefer originality so having a lesbian couple raise their children was definitely a new storyline feature to me . Great movie .
 I laughed out loud throughout the movie , it has some really great lines . The acting is incredible , even though Annette Bening seems to be channeling the stereotypical lesbian archetype too much , and it was hard not to feel like her family would be better off without her.The only downside is that the ending is not strong enough , but I guess the point is that it is supposed to be this slice of life type movie , that 's not meant to tie up all of the loose ends .
 Indie films tend to examine angst-ridden families more than any other genre . Famous examples include
 I was n't sure what to expect from `` The Kids Are All Right '' other than sublime performances from three of my favorite actors today - Annette Bening , Julianne Moore and Mark Rufalo . Whatever I was expecting did not compare to what the film delivered - in spades . In short , TKAAR is a testament to the true - and new - meaning of family and a postcard of hope to the millions of non-traditional families who comprise our new reality . I liken the film to 1980 's Best Picture , Ordinary People , which captured effortlessly the family dynamic of the time with brutal honesty and raw emotion . Watching `` Kids '' was partly a lesson in how far we 've come as a society as well as how far we still need to travel to accept the fact that families come in new flavors -LRB- a same-sex couple here - deliciously played by Bening and Moore -RRB- as well as thru the miracle of science -LRB- a sperm donor , absent for a lifetime but suddenly available and real to his offspring -RRB- . While the subject matter may be distasteful to some , what I found especially touching about the film 's characters and themes was how incredibly NORMAL and REAL these people were . The two moms -LRB- referenced repeatedly by the two teenagers in this quintet in the singular -RRB- are our neighbors , daughters , sisters , friends , and co-workers . We ride the subway with them , share the car pools and accept - at least on a surface level - the reality of their choices , without judgment or fear . Bening and Moore deliver stunning portrayals as the lesbian couple - they share a lived-in comfort and rapport that 's familiar ... like our own parents , and our own relationships - gay , straight or otherwise . Their home is lived in and relaxed . The battle the same demons most of us can relate to -LRB- that 3rd glass of wine some nights after crazy-busy days ... or the longing a housewife feels for what she might have missed , the second-guessing of choices that are inevitable in any long term relationship.But for me , what brings the film together , in the end - and after much frustration as the story ebbs and flows - is Mark Buffalo as the long-forgotten - and rarely discussed man - who donated the fruit of his testes for money in college . His life is upended as his connection with these two women and the children he spawned flows effortlessly , and his immediate sensual connection to Moore 's character brings his new-found sensibilities to a bitter , life-altering crash . Buffalo works wonders with a role that relies on his stiff-upper-lip attitude and facial emotions . We see his evolution throughout the film , from when his stranger-children resurface and he 's thrown unmercilesly under a microscope , finding himself unsure of who he is or why . He 's both at peace with his playboy life but also yearns to know all that he 's missed , accept what 's left to learn , and embrace all that he 's yearned for but never understood . As his world crashes around him and the `` moms ' '' deal with real-life issues every couple can relate to - questions of character , morality , resentments and `` what might have been '' - the film transcends the formula and becomes an intense study in family . The ties that bind are often fraught with doubt ... and some are simply ripped away by complacency , resentment and the realities of what we give up to be who we ultimately become.The way Buffalo comes full circle here is a tour-de-force , his best effort yet . Unassuming , yet so full of himself so as to risk everything to keep reality from intruding on his world . Julianne Moore is radiant - as always . I wish she were being submitted in the Supporting Actress category instead of Best Actress since she 'd be a lock to finally win a well-deserved Oscar -LRB- she should have won for `` Far from Heaven '' -RRB- . But ultimately - `` Kids '' is a classic character study of the definition of family , of dads , sisters , brothers and moms . Like Mary Tyler Moore 's hateful mother-dearest in `` Ordinary People '' - Bening 's no-holds-barred laser-focused and proud mom is one for the ages . Here , she 's gifted and sarcastic , staunch and direct , loving , grateful , pragmatic but very much in love . Her interactions with her lover are casual , expected and tender - never exploitive to the viewer , but understood . These women have the lived-in quality of most long term couples I know - straight and gay . They 're worn , but loving , celebrating and embracing the life they 've created in the face of society 's ongoing ignorance and distaste for gay families . Bening KNOWS it 's not an easy life choice , but her spirit and deep sincere love shines thru even when the sharp , cruel edges of her character startle us . She 's the tough mom , the bread-maker , the one who went for the dream -LRB- at another 's expense -RRB- , and made a home with the woman of her dreams . Bening is stunning - real , authentic and sympathetic - both in her spoken dialogue and in quiet unexpected shots of her amazing etch-a-sketch face which deliberately shows exactly what she 's feeling , hearing , questioning , accepting , discovering and learning . It 's a wonderful face , and a terrifyingly familiar character to anyone in a long-term relationship who has ever wondered `` what if I was n't with this person ... who would I be ? '' While Moore 's character ultimately experiences this specific collision of fate and doubt on screen , it is Bening who ultimately conveys the layers and textures of a proud woman , torn by reconciling the illusion of love with the consequences of living the lives we choose . Bening is over-due for Oscar love even though the competition this year will rival her two prior losses to Hilary Swank given the buzz for Natalie Portman in `` Black Swan '' . In my mind , Bening 's singular performance in `` American Beauty '' already puts her among the top 1 % of our best actors , while `` Bugsy '' , `` Grifters '' and `` Running with Scissors '' remind us of her range - and the rage she taps into from the gut . Only `` American Beauty '' comes close to her performance in `` The Kids Are Alright '' - and she deserves to be recognized and celebrated for her brilliant , no-holds-barred performance . `` The Kids are Alright '' deserves to be widely seen by ANY couple in a long-term relationship , and especially career-couples with kids . The themes here are universal , despite the somewhat rare and obscure circumstances of the plot . It does help to remember that today , unconventional families - both traditional AND piecemeal - live on our block , or just down the street . Our kids play with their kids ; the adults engage - or not - just as we do ... we share dentists , playgrounds and car pools . And , in the end , even if we do n't always see eye to eye -LRB- what neighbors do ? -RRB- - we all want , crave and deserve the same thing ... to be happy , to have love , and to make a better future for our kids . `` The Kids are Alright '' is accessible , yet distant and obscure , but ultimately illuminating , with career-defining roles from Annette Bening and Mark Ruffalo . A rare , beautifully rendered film about family that shatters myths and inspires self-reflection .
 The Kids are all Right is the best comedy I 've seen . Is not a laugh per minute comedy like The Hangover or Tropic Thunder , is a more subdue one that also has its elements of drama . This is a story of two `` moms '' who have two kids and live as a family . Everything seems to be okay until the kids meet the sperm donor and things get complicated.This movie could easily be called a movie about a lesbian couple with kids but it 's not . It 's about family and marriage in general regardless the gender of the parents . There are many situations in the film that any family experiences -LRB- gay or straight -RRB- . Lisa Cholodenko 's script is brilliant and handles this in a masterful way . The movie could have been seem as a `` message movie '' about gay rights but it 's nothing of the sort . Is much more simple and at the same time complicated . The movie deals with themes like rutine , raising children , letting go , infidelity , recovery and a lot more . `` marriage is hard '' says Jules one of the `` moms '' and she 's right there are ups and lows in every relationship and to keep the spark alive requires sacrifices . This movie is witty , emotional , and funny . It 's no wonder why it got all the accolades it got . It deserved it . Also the cast is superb with the three leads Annette Bening , Julianne Moore and Mark Ruffalo giving outstanding performances in their respective roles . The Kids are all Right is a great film and one of the best of last year.The Blu-ray offers great picture and audio quality . Being an independent comedy , do n't expect colors popping out of your screen but the picture is solid , contrast is sharp and detail is really good . Audio is also crisp and clear with a 5.1 DTS-HD master audio that wo n't rock your house but serves the film in an excellent way.Unfortunately , while the BD has great P/A quality , there 's no much in terms of bonus features . One would think that with all the positive reviews and awards that the film got , Universal will make a much worthier release . Instead you have three really short featurettes about the film that are promotional and never got in depth about the story , characters or anything . The best bonus feature is an audiocomentary provided by the director Lisa Cholodenko.The Kids are All Right is a superb smart picture that has a great story , an outstanding script and a brilliant cast . The BD offers excellent picture and audio but the bonus material is a dissapointment . Anyway , the movie is so great that this set is completely recommended .
 For those of you who like a comedy about family that shifts towards a deep drama , you will absolutely LOVE this movie.Nic and Jules are generally happy couple with two kids , Joni and Laser . When Joni and Laser find their sperm donor dad Paul , watch the drama ensue ! An endearing film that just about any family can relate to , `` The Kids Are Alright '' reveals the hilarity and challenges that come from having a family .
 I loved this movie , and after reading some of the negative reviews , think a lot of people got hung up by watching it as a social commentary . With gay marriage such a hot political topic right now , I guess it 's hard not to do that , but I really think it was n't written to be that way . It 's not a soapbox movie . IMHO it 's not trying to portray lesbian marriage any certain way , or lesbians themselves , or teenagers , or sperm donors etc. . It 's about 5 people . 5 individuals , with very distinct personalities , psychological baggage , desires and fears . Two happen to be gay , two happen to be teenagers , and one happens to be a straight male who 's never married and once was a sperm donor.If anything , this film is about marriage and family apart from any of the individuals involved . Or rather , it 's about the struggles most of us go through trying to make these things work . The unique back-stories and social milieu are part of the struggle for these particular individuals , but not the point of the story . So I do n't think it 's fair to judge whether these were ` real lesbians ' -LRB- who gets to decide what that is anyway ? -RRB- or ` real teenagers ' , or whether this presented gay marriage in a positive or negative light.I think the main reason I loved this movie though is that personally I was just carried along by the characters every step of the way . I believed every single one of them . I thought these 5 individuals put in fabulous performances , and that Annette Benning 's was Oscar material . I also laughed out loud at points , so that 's great , too . Well-written , well-acted and unique - a gem .
 THE KIDS ARE ALL RIGHT serves notice that family units are family units -- no matter the orientation of the parents . Homework still needs to be done , teen angst and restlessness still need to be nurtured and addressed , and partners -- after years and years of being together -- still get on one another 's nerves . Thus we have Nic and Jules -LRB- Annette Bening and Julianne Moore -RRB- , and their two -LRB- artifically inseminated -RRB- children , Joni and Laser -LRB- Mia Wasikowska and Josh Hutcherson -RRB- , in what on its face appears to be an idyllic family setting , with Nic the breadwinner and Jules more or less maintaining the home front ; but once the kiddos decide it 's time to meet Paul , their biological father -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , this family dynamic suddenly flips onto its dysfunctional ear . Accordingly the film becomes humorous , poignant , and compelling -- all at once.The complexity of the characters -LRB- or , in Paul 's case , the remarkable lack thereof -RRB- lends solid believability to the story , with Jules trying to establish her own identity beyond Nic 's authoritative shadow ; meanwhile Nic needs to learn to chill the forkle out . Paul is such a free spirit he instantly attracts the attention of the children -- then Jules ; once the family is in disarray the viewer wonders if the pieces can be put back together , or if the damage is irreparable . Indeed there is a resolution , of sorts , with Paul a red herring scapegoat , yet THE KIDS ARE ALL RIGHT strikes a cumulative chord of bonding and love , transcending orientation or societal bias . -- D. Mikels , Author , The Reckoning
 a very likable film . with great characters , lovely acting and an excellent story line . enjoyable and thoughtful.all the actors do a very fine job . but I 'm definitely a Mark Ruffalo fan .
 A modern film . First off , I give it a rating of 6/10 stars . Personally , I thought the best thing about this film was the scenery and the music . Mark Ruffalo was hilarious in this film . I thought that Mark Ruffalo , Josh Hutcherson and Anette Bening brought the best talent to the screen.I thought that the trailer was a bit misleading . The storyline was a little weak . At some points I debated whether or not it was about love , family or Mark Ruffalo 's character becoming the villain . I thought the organization was slightly off and due to the fact that there 's no perfect conclusion for this film I was disappointed.The few funny quotes that the characters share during the movie is what really binds it . If there 's no other film on your list then give this a shot . More than likely , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought this DVD for a Christmas gift . I have n't yet received it , but I 'm sure it will be a great gift since it 's what was asked for .
 I loved this movie -- the marriage it depicts could be just about any middle-class marriage .
 O.K. -- let me first say this -- i 'm no prude by any means -- but was all the sex really that necessary ? It was to the point of being gratuitous . I mean , we are all sexual beings , but this film went a tad overboard with the heterosexual as well as the homosexual sexual escapades.Other than that , I really liked this movie . The acting was superb by everyone . Jullianne Moore has always been a favorite of mine -- why she has n't snagged as Oscar yet is beyond me . Her performance is matched by Annette Bening . I 'm convinced , come awards season , nominations will be kind to them both . And what can you say about Mark Ruffalo ??? -- he is just beyond sexy in this film.I just wish the film had a little less sex and a little more Moore/Bening dramatic interaction .
 Powerful picture of the imperfect , complicated , painful and yet loving and nurturing family landscape.The film succeeds in showing that the construct of the family does n't really matter , traditional or none traditional , the issues are familiarly same.Due to the presence of 2 female partners , the story 's increased sensitivity and sincerity -LRB- Moore and Bening play outstanding roles of Nic and Jules as a lesbian couple -RRB- pulls the viewer right into it.Anybody , who loved , was married and tried to do the right thing while raising children wo n't be left untouched and unmoved by the film 's authentic and comical at times attempt to explore the depth of the human soul .
 Directed by Lisa CholodenkoStarring Annette Bening , Julianne Moore , Mark Ruffalo106 minutesVideo : Video codec
 If there was a category of films that share a common trait of focusing on ordinary and not so ordinary family situations , The Kids Are All Right would be put in that category along with other films that possess the trait of dysfunctional familial relations and unexpected occurrences , such as Little Miss Sunshine and Smart People . But the film 's cast of notable and critically acclaimed actors , Annette Bening -LRB- Nic -RRB- , Julianne Moore -LRB- Jules -RRB- , Mark Ruffalo -LRB- Paul -RRB- , and the dynamic chemistry that each display as well as the film 's screenplay convincingly and successfully show the irony , humor , and emotion of each of the characters . Despite the well-known names of the film , it is the enticing subject matter that may draw the viewer.The premise of the film involves a unique family with Bening and Moore playing the parents to two teenagers Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- and Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- . The family appears to experience the average ups and downs of raising two teenagers on the brink of adulthood . But things begin to go astray when Joni happens to come across old paperwork pertaining to a sperm donor ; after finding the information , decides to seek sperm donor , Paul . And while Joni and Laser attempt to acquaint themselves with Paul , Nic and Jules had already been experiencing a bit of distance and lack of intimacy , and as Paul enters the picture , things become complicated between the two as well as the entire family ; what appeared to be productive familial relationship blossoming with a new member of the family , the event only causes friction.The Kids Are All Right was deserving of Academy Award nominations because of all aspects of the film from the characters to the complex storyline . The film has a variety of moments that viewers will find thought provoking and surprising , especially with the issues that are depicted within particular scenes that involve sexuality , indiscretions , and perceptions . Indeed , a film highly recommended .
 This is a quirky drama about a family and about the challenges of being a parent . Some of the plot reflects familiar cliches of a sort of upper middle class , urban , domestic , lesbian lifestyle -- but it does n't feel cliche because of the smart dialog and phenomenal acting , -LRB- and , wisely the filmmakers spare us any kind of contrived meta-commentary about ` lesbian bed death ' -RRB- . I was n't expecting it to be , but it was really quite funny . ** Note , there is no outside point of view here so if you 're looking for a critique of lesbian-headed families you will probably be disappointed . The movie expects that you are cool with this stuff from go . If you do n't arrive at the film looking for reasons not to like it , you probably will like it . Well , you 'll probably like it if you 're up for a quirky family drama that 's well done and , despite everyone being very attractive and financially secure , feels like a mostly realistic , though sometimes idealized , generally well-functioning modern nuclear family navigating through changing relationships and personal issues .
 I rented this movie recently and thought it was pretty good . In the end I was left feeling like love would persevere for the two moms . Annette Bening and Julianne Moore are fantastic as Nic and Jules . They seem a bit mismatched and their differences cause a lot of friction throughout , I wondered at times how they had been together for so long when something like composting could set Nic off . But I guess it was meant to show how committed they were to being together and wanted to be stable for their kids , one borne by each of them via a sperm donor . When the oldest turns 18 , the youngest talks her into tracking down the donor , splaying the story line down another arc of him and his baggage . The scene where Nic finds Jules ' hair at Paul 's place while they are having a family dinner ... woooo , Annette Bening turns it on , I felt the temperature drop 15 degrees in there ! But it brings up the pivotal `` you do n't know what you got 'til it 's gone '' scene -LRB- haha , Joni Mitchell reference -RRB- . The story is kind of sloppy at times , but so is life ... happy , sad , angry , thrilled , confusing , sexy , hurt , drunk , angsty life .
 While the film is n't necessarily easy to watch - it is rather uncomfortable at times - that equals the genius of it . The characters are all TOO REAL . It does n't hesitate to show what some families are really like.Are all same-sex families like this ? NO.however , all families have unique dynamics and ALL FAMILIES come with their own set of unusual circumstances.This film is just once slice of post-modern family life ... not every same-sex family life , but one story at least.What i really like is that it is normalizing to the relevant dynamic that affects thousands of persons in this world today whom have been born of an unknown sperm -LRB- or egg -RRB- donor.also , the performances are excellent .
 In a world where nearly every story line and plot point feels like an obvious clich&eacute; , it 's nice to find a film that relishes inside those clich&eacute;s with such rich character development they transcend , becoming real and raw and honest and even , despite their apparent familiarity , fresh and exciting.Yes , ` The Kids Are All Right ' may appear on the outset to be a gigantic lump of clich&eacute;d material , masked over by the ` modern twist ' of a ` modern family ' , but the heart of this film beats so naturally and so authentically you instantly forgive and even forget that you 've , in a way , seen it all before.This is ` that ' good.The film considers the marital relationship between alpha-lesbian , Nic , and her supportive and somewhat neglected wife Jules . Their relationship , while grounded in obvious love , is tested when their two children seek out their donor father when the eldest turns eighteen . Joni and Laser -LRB- the children -RRB- are your typical teenage kids growing up in an anti-typical household . They have their insecurities and longings and a deep need for some closure with regards to their ` father ' . So , without parental consent , they seek out Paul ; their fun loving , bed hopping father . Paul , still very much a kid himself , approaches the situation with an obvious naivety , which is instantly appealing to his daughter Joni and her mother Jules . Laser , and to a deeper extent Nic , are apprehensive , even distant ; feeling that Paul is going to ruin their family dynamic.When tensions begin to mount , that premonition proves true.The film , as a whole , is about personal growth . Every character has their personal epiphanies based on their newfound ` family ' . Paul , the fifty-year-old bachelor , is beginning to doubt his life goals as he really connects to his paternal side . Jules , seeing the carefree nature of Paul -LRB- something they share -RRB- , begins to question her relationship with Nic , who has become even more overbearing and critical with Paul 's presence . Laser , who obviously longed for a father figure , begins to shape his identity as he observes who this man is and who he wants to emulate.Like I said ; personal growth.The performances here are a figurative goldmine . I mean , I ca n't really see Bening losing the Oscar at this point -LRB- even if she is n't my personal favorite in the film , she has OSCAR written all over this performance -RRB- . Everyone is so effortlessly natural and believable ; even the children -LRB- played wonderfully by Josh Hutcherson and Mia Wasokowska -RRB- . For me , the film is all about the charismatic beauty that resides between Mark Ruffalo and Julianne Moore . Together they make this film for me . Ruffalo is an actor I have always really liked , and this is easily his grand opus . Saying that sounds so odd , since this is such an internalized and quiet performance , one that is so natural and effortless that it could easily be passed over , beings that it is n't flashy . That would be so sad , because Ruffalo creates such a genuine and real man in Paul . My mind still recalls that initial phone call with his daughter ; the way he stumbles through every word and his reaction to her nonchalance is just NOT fakable . He really understood this character . Moore layers all of Jules 's complexities with such beauty and restraint . Nothing is overworked and oversold . You really see her for who she is , no gimmicks . In fact , every single scene is played -LRB- by every actor -RRB- with such honesty , for face value . The big surprise was Wasikowska -LRB- who , with any justice , will snag a surprise Supporting Actress Oscar nomination -RRB- , who just finds such collective grace in her portrayal of the conflicted teen.That final scene , the quivering chin ... just WOW.In the end I will just say that I am still quite smitten with this beautiful little film that understands its own direction and presents something intimate and sincere , finding the realistic tensions in life whilst remembering the beauty of the human smile ; which is something I did a lot of while watching this movie .
 A lesbian couple has raised two children . Coming of age , the kids contact their biological father , and the dynamic that he brings to lives of the family creates tension within the household . This is real-life drama that grabs the viewer with its honest look at a family in crisis . The acting is solid throughout , with the emotional strain of a marriage on the verge of collapsing bringing an edge to the dramatic events that transpire .
 Hmmm , I wo n't repeat all the hype , as you have probably read it already . Well balanced liberal minds will most likely enjoy this film , homophobes and up tight religious folks might not . So , kick back , fasten your seat belts and immerse yourself in two hours of great entertainment and acting . Enjoy !!!
 `` The Kids are All Right '' is a comedy-drama set in California which stars Julianne Moore as Jules and Annette Bening as Nic , two halves of a married lesbian couple who are raising two children , Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- and Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- and are doing it rather well , despite some setbacks.This film plays out like a hearty home-cooked meal of a film , like `` Life as a House '' or `` Parenthood '' . The only difference is that the central couple of the film is gay . Art imitates life here , as this nuance makes no difference in how the children of this union are raised . Laser and Joni are in the process of growing up to be stable , smart and well-adjusted adults . We are given enough of a glimpse into the kids ' romantic prospects to see that the sexuality of their parents does not impact their own , but we do n't dwell on it . The film does not make a big deal of it for the simple fact that it does not matter.We get a good sense of a down-home environment here , with the only difference being that the parents are both women . Nic is of the fatherly type . She is the stricter bread-winner of the family , while Jules is her compliment . Jules is the softer side of the family , reigning Nic in when she becomes irrational . Nic is the parent you would not want to meet at the front door at 2:00 in the morning if you blew your curfew . Jules is the parent who would wipe your tears afterwards.In the typical curious fashion of young adults , Laser and Joni decide to contact their biological father , Paul , -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , the sperm donor by whom both Jules and Nic were impregnated to give birth to each of the couple 's children . Joni takes instantly to Paul , while Laser is apprehensive . When the kids inform their parents that they have made contact Paul , they invite him over to get to know him a little better.The initial meeting is a bit awkward , but we get a bit of backstory on the cute way in which Jules and Nic met , which warms the heart just as any other romantic origin would . Jules ends up accepting Paul 's offer to landscape his backyard , which ends up turning the dynamic between Jules and Nic on its ear.Paul is a bohemian who grows his own vegetables and rides a motorcycle . He participates in the kinds of activities that a teenager would think are cool and therefore ends up becoming , in contrast , `` the coolest parent '' . Through him , Joni begins to find her sense of independence , while Laser feels like he ca n't quite connect with Paul and instead spends most of his time with his loser friend , Clay , whose favorite pastimes include skateboarding off of roofs and peeing on dog 's heads.Paul 's interruption in this family 's daily lives ends up challenging the strength of the family and the union between Jules and Nic . The love between the two of them is palpable and it is rewarding to see everyone remain true to who they really are by the end of the film . Paul ends up getting the short end of the stick , which seems rather unfair , but ultimately his existence here serves as a catalyst to help the family see the bigger picture and appreciate what they already have . `` The Kids Are All Right '' is a film about a family like any other . Upon completion , you will feel like you just finished a great book . You 'll want to recommend this film to anyone who possesses the close-minded view that gay parents can not properly raise children . And even though there will be no loose ends left untied , you 'll still want more from this story . This is such a fantastic film because it does such a good job of ignoring the assumed elephant in the room , because here it is proven that there is n't one .
 This movie was excellent . Very real but not a movie for children . Deserving of all the awards it was nominated for .
 Have to say i enjoyed this movie for it 's true to life story line . The casting was excellent as well .
 This film is excellent and is highly recommended . It has some subtle messages around the concepts of family and affinity , loyalty and self-gratification , growth and pain . Sometimes these concepts are not easily explored in a motion picture because they impact us all at some point in our lives and they may seem like the ordinary challenges of life with others . However , this film brings these issues to life with excellent actors and intelligent scripting and a somewhat unique context . By now everyone knows the story narrative around two middle-aged lesbians who have reared a daughter and son -LRB- now 18 and 15 -RRB- and have an established family unit . But for many lesbians that used a sperm donor bank , the curiosity of their children about the identity of their father is a expected and normal occurrence that may test their confidence as parents . In this story , the parents Nic -LRB- played by Annette Bening -RRB- and Jules -LRB- played by Julianna Moore -RRB- adjust to the idea of their children seeking out their natural father . Mark Ruffalo plays the role of Paul , their natural father , who provides an outstanding performance . Paul is a single man with a long string of girlfriends , current and past , who has never settled down to have a family of his own and really has not contemplated the impact a family might have upon his growth and personal well-being . He is contacted and in a casual way he increases his interactions with his children . He gradually falls in love with his own children and then gradually falls in love with the family in which they live . The mistake comes when he makes the error of sexualizing this personal contact with one of the two mothers in the family . I have said enough here since I do n't want to spoil this excellent film for anyone.However , the film fully explores that building a family is not an easy task and it requires the utmost honesty , transparency , care , patience , understanding , and trust . Nic and Jules have worked for many years to build their family . Babies are born overnight but a family is built one day at a time , with many trials and tribulations , many of which are painful.Ruffalo , as Mark , demonstrates that a family , especially composed of one 's own biological children is incredibly seductive for a man who never expected a family . His primary mistake is one of boundaries . He may find himself falling in love with his children , that is only natural , but he needed to respect the family boundary that Nic and Jules have painstakingly constructed with their children over the years . He really only has two choices . He can accept the boundaries of their family and support them as a family unit and/or he can go start a family of his own . He makes some painful mistakes in the film and is really left with few options.The film is about the integrity of the family unit , its fragility and strength , and its ability to forgive and repair . No wonder Mark is so attracted to it . You will be attracted to it too .
 `` Blue , here is a shell for youInside you 'll HEAR a sighA foggy lullabyThere is your song from me `` Joni Mitchell ` Blue'There is a point in this film when one of the moms , Nic , starts singing Joni Mitchell 's song ` Blue ' , and we learn that the daughter was named after this Joni . This is a particularly poignant moment because Nic , played by Annette Bening , is known as a strait laced , intelligent woman who shows little emotion . Jules , played by Julianne Moore is the heart of the moms.Nic and Jules are two moms , married for twenty years and in the midst of some angst . They have two children , Joni and Laser , both have the same sperm donor but each of the moms gave birth to one of the children . Gay marriage has become so mainstream that this is a great take off of the difficulties marriages face . The issues arise when 15-year-old Laser , played by Josh Hutcherson , forces his 18-year-old sister Joni , played by Mia Wasikowska , to use her new legal standing to find out who their sperm donor father is . By the way Mia Wasikowska may be familiar to all from her role in HBO 's ` In Treatment ' . The dad turns out to be Paul , played by Mark Ruffalo , and a great dad he is . Free wheeling hippie on his way to growing up . He and the kids become attached , and he goes home to dinner to meet the moms . At first , Nic and Jules are stand offish , but Jules starts working for Paul and comes to understand more than she would like . The two teenagers are already in their own angst of growing up and facing independence . The stress and strain of the marriage causes upheaval , and we wonder will this , marriage survive.The acting is superb , close to perfection , Bening and Moore play every little nuance to its core . Minimal make-up give the moms a true to life appearance . I could not , however , accept Bennings messy hairdo - it fit her character but not her . They are two intelligent women full of idealism and compromise . They both love their children and want the best , and the kids are nice and well adjusted . Mark Ruffalo plays the part of the casual agreeable fellow a little lost in his place . He is welcomed into a family and is a nice fit until it does n't fit anymore.Highly Recommended . prisrob 11-20-10Love AffairSavage Grace
 It seems to me that many of the reviewers who have posted here have zeroed in on the affair between Jules and Paul as the weak spot in this movie . Maybe they think that since Jules and Nic are lesbians , neither could ever have a heterosexual relationship . What if the couple were heterosexuals - would a same-sex dalliance be more believable?Although the affair is somewhat predictable as a plot device , I did not have any problem believing that it could happen . Jules is frightfully insecure , Paul is about as laid-back as it gets and he is paying her some positive attention . Yes , he takes advantage of her vulnerability , he is flawed as are most of the other characters in some way . He also provides both kids with some valuable companionship and guidance . It is good for them both to have a father figure in their lives - the estrogen in that house can get pretty oppressive.I think Jules 's speech toward the end where she says they are a family like any other family , they mess up but they love each other and she is sorry and hopes they can forgive her , is crucial . That 's the point . They are a family and they do love each other . I think Paul would dearly love to be part of that family but he closed the door on that opportunity when he went to bed with Jules . Then he 's a jerk to Tanya . So I feel sorry for him but I think he deserved what he got.As for the ending , I bought it . Not that they are going to put it behind them forever , but they acknowledge that they need and love each other , and at least in that moment they are committed to trying to make the relationship work.As almost every reviewer has pointed out , the acting is uniformly superb . This is not a big film but it is a very good one .
 **** 1/2One of the most striking things about the `` feel-good '' drama `` The Kids Are All Right '' is that the characters are not always all that easy to like . They can be moody and naggy , petulant and prickly , immature and self-absorbed ; they do and say a lot of stupid , immoral and hurtful things - yet we never question the love they have for one another.Annette Benning and Julianne Moore play Nic and Jules , a middle-aged lesbian couple with two teenaged children , 18-year-old Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowaski -RRB- , who is all set to go off to college , and 15 year-old Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- , who 's become suddenly curious about the anonymous sperm donor who is his biological father . After some initial hesitation on the part of Joni , the youngsters set up a meeting with the man , a never-married , motorcycle-riding restaurateur and all-around free spirit named Paul -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , whose sudden insinuating of himself into the life of the family results in a great deal of consternation and tension for all concerned.The relationship dynamics in the screenplay by Stuart Bloomberg and director Lisa Cholodenko are intense and complex . With a career as an obstetrician , Nic is the more `` grounded '' of the two women , even though she may be a borderline alcoholic and secretly resents the fact that the more fitfully employed Jules does n't seem to be able to pull her own weight financially . This leads to a tremendous amount of tension between the two , a condition that is greatly exacerbated when the less self-confident and less uptight Jules steps across a clearly forbidden line in their marriage . Nic and Jules also seem to be suffering from the `` fatigue-factor '' that seems to creep into just about every relationship once the individuals have been together for too long . They have even begun to question their feelings for one another , and wonder if the love that was once there so intensely still exists at all - or whether they 're just staying together because it ` s safe and comfortable to do so and the thought of starting over with someone else is just too daunting a prospect to seriously contemplate.Meanwhile , Paul falls in love with the idea of becoming a dad to two grown kids he clearly likes , but his own unrealistic expectations and lack of maturity threaten to doom any efforts in that direction . The kids , meanwhile , who often seem more keenly aware of what is going on than the adults involved , frequently become collateral damage in the battle of relationships being waged around them.Benning , who 's already garnered universal praise and numerous awards for her work in this film , is not afraid to bring a harsh edge to the role of the often overbearing Nic , almost daring the audience not to like her at times . Moore has the less flashy part , but she nicely conveys the insecurity and vulnerability of the character she ` s playing . Ruffalo perfectly captures the well-meaning clumsiness of a man too long used to being focused on his own needs and desires to suddenly become a man dedicated to the lives of others . And Wasikowska and Hutcherson are appealing and touching as the kids who may be all right in the long run but who are going through some pretty tough times at the moment.The major selling point of `` The Kids Are All Right '' is , of course , that it centers around what many in society see as an `` unconventional '' family , yet the movie itself could n't be more universal in what it has to say about what it means to be a family and what it means to be in a committed relationship . Marriage and family are both demanding , complex and messy things - no matter the genders or orientations of the people involved - and this film drives home that fact with unerring truth .
 I honestly had no idea what The Kids Are All Right was about based on the few trailers I 'd seen of it , but it looked good enough to want to watch it . And I love Julianne Moore no matter what she 's in . Then , when it got nominated for Best Picture , Best Actress , and Best Supporting Actor I knew I wanted to see it no matter what.It 's the story of a lesbian couple , Nic and Jules , played by Annette Bening and Julianne Moore who have two kids - Joni and Laser . They are a close family . Joni is 18 and this is her last summer at home before college . Laser is 15 and enjoys sports and hanging out with his best friend . Nic and Jules are still in love with each other and seem to have the perfect marriage and family until the kids locate the man who was their sperm donor . He 's a cool grungy guy named Paul , played by Mark Ruffalo , who runs a restaurant and an organic community garden.The kids like Paul and want to connect and hang out with him . There are several awkward moments , as there should be , as they search for things to talk about and Paul honestly tries to learn about who `` his '' kids are . Nic , the dominant one of the two Moms , decides they should have Paul over and meet him too . But it 's the chemistry between Paul and Jules that is about to turn everything upside down.The awkwardness between characters in different scenes presents itself as some perfect laugh out loud comedy . Nic and Jules have a romantic moment alone in their bedroom and watch gay man porn for stimulation . Later , the Moms catch Laser and his friend watching their DVD and try to get their son to talk to them about it if he 's gay , although he is n't . This is a stellar cast . I loved Josh Hutcherson as Laser . He has some excellent scenes that show a lot of heart and emotion , such as playing basketball with Paul and asking if he 'd rather be buried or cremated , and Paul asks him if he prefers Nike or New Balance . Paul shuns his `` cool '' friend Clay for wanting to urinate on a stray dog that wanders by , then the two trade punches in the face . Joni , played by Mia Wasikowska , also has her classic moments too - picking vegetables with Paul and getting a ride home from him on his motorcycle , even though her moms hate motorcycles , or playing scrabble with her `` boy '' friend while her sex crazed girl friend drools over jocks in the yearbook.The only problem the movie has is its lack of intensity when the conflict is finally out in the open . We build to it with intensity , but then are let down a bit by the outcome . Each character quickly deals with it in their own way , and then the movie is just pushed forward to its obvious heartfelt end . But overall , I still loved the movie . I was totally caught off guard by it , and that made me appreciate it even more . Too bad Moore missed a nomination , but the other awards are much deserved !
 I think what struck me the most about this excellent film is that even without the homosexual relationship between the parents and all the baggage that it might bring with it , this movie could have been made using a traditional father and mother . As it is , the family is trying to deal with all the ups and downs any marriage might have . The sperm donor Paul -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- could have been used for any family , although the idea of impregnating both mothers is an interesting twist . The 5 primary actors are terrific , and I would expect some Oscar buzz for the movie in general and Annette Bening , specifically . The movie is funny but has some heartfelt moments as well . My only quibble is that I thought Ruffalo 's character was treated rather poorly in the end . It kind of felt like the director was sympathizing too much with him , so switched gears . Jules -LRB- Julianne Moore -RRB- was equally guilty , if not more so , for the affair but she is let off the hook . This is one case that called for a happy ending that is hinted at in the trailers .
 I 'm an Annette Benning fan . She really showed that she can potray anybody and anything and do it well . I loved her in this movie . This movie is funny but also delicate in it 's subject matters . I loved the movie and it 's a must have for your home .
 `` The Kids Are All Right '' is a sweet , funny indie slice-of-life send-up of middle-class manners . A couple who 've been together for a long time , whose elder child is about to leave for college , have their relationship threatened by an affair . If the couple did not happen to be lesbians , I doubt it would have generated that much buzz . Still , what the film does , it does quite well.First , the acting is very strong . Annette Bening , playing the uptight control freak breadwinner half of the couple , Nic , does a great job ; she earns her Oscar nomination . She shows the strain of keeping -LRB- or trying to keep -RRB- her more free-spirited partner Jules and their two kids , Joni and Laser , on track . She pays the bills for their comfortable upper middle-class lifestyle , superintends the submission of college applications and the writing of thank-you notes , and otherwise bears all the weight of responsibility in the family . `` If it were up to you , our kids would n't even write thank you notes , '' is a typical line she throws at her partner Jules . Nic does not react well to the intrusion into her domestic cocoon that takes place when her kids contact their sperm donor and gradually introduce him into their family dynamic . Marc Ruffalo as the charming sperm donor , still single and playing the field 20 years later and engaging with the kids more as a cool older friend than a parent , Julianne Moore as Jules , and the actors who play the two teens are all very convincing in their roles.Second , the depiction of the drifting apart that leads to Jules 's affair is pretty honest . It 's not that Jules does n't love Nic any more ; it 's just that after 20 years , things have gotten a bit stale and the couple 's roles entrenched . Jules , a gentle , slightly fuzzy-around-the-edges soul who has been the stay-at-home mom and has never really settled into a career , feels unappreciated by the hyper-competent , bossy , intense Nic . When Jules finds someone who makes her feel passionate and desirable the way she is , she acts on it.Third , the movie handles quite convincingly the awkwardness and push for independence that arrives as Nic and Jules 's two teenagers come of age . They seem like real teenagers ; basically decent but not overly perfect , intelligent , presentable but not over-pretty . It 's a rare movie that consists mostly of a series of uncomfortable encounters that feels truthful but does not make you feel so squirmy you want to run out of the room . The dialogue soundes like real people talking , and the actors play their nervousness with total conviction but without seeming fake or mannered.The movie effectively if somewhat obviously sends up middle-class manners and expectations , with its visual and verbal humor about Volvos , high-octane parenting , varietal grapes , Pottery Barn-inspired decor , and organic local cuisine.There 's nothing earth-shaking here , but `` The Kids Are All Right '' is an enjoyable , well-made comedy . For adults and older teens only , as the depictions of sexuality are quite graphic .
 There is a lot to like in this story . I 've long been a fan of Benning . And she turns in another excellent performance . I thought the story resonated . The movie is at its center about challenges , being human , growing up and learning to deal/live with the rough edges of life .
 If our experience with Amazon 's `` Insta ... . n. ... . t ... . Vi ... . D ... . eo '' is any indication , Netflix has nothing to worry about.For God 's sake , somebody tell Jeff Bezos to buy some servers ! ********** -LRB- UPDATE DECEMBER 2012 -RRB- What a difference ... I forgot that I 'd written this review and wish I 'd updated this a long time ago . We have n't had an issue with Amazon Instant Video in ... forever . I ca n't remember the last time it hesitated , paused , or pixelated . We have many choices for streaming rented online content in our home -LRB- Apple , Vudu , Sony PS3 , Amazon , etc. . . -RRB- but without fail our choice is always Amazon . Clearly , Jeff Bezos knows how to build a service like this from the ground up . A few minor start-up hiccups aside , Amazon has put the right people in the right place to make Amazon 's online video content an industry leader .
 I loved the cast , but I thought this was going to be a comedy , or at least a light hearted movie . I was not prepared by the commercials for what I saw . Great cast and the acting was superb .
 I just finished watching this film and had to come write a review.It 's been getting a lot of ` Oscar buzz ' and I had originally had interest in it when it first came to theaters.The cast was well-acted ; even down to the teenage kids.I do n't want to give too much away but the concept of a ` unique family ' vs. a traditional family concept . And the choices we all make which will ultimately - lead to paths in our lives.Not really a ` family ' movie but definitely had the recurring theme about ` family ' throughout the flick .
 Right after watching this movie , I hated it . The theme seemed to be that a family should be submissive to the will of the domineering , hypercritical partner/parent . However , after a couple days thought , I realized that I had misunderstood the ending.I made the stupid error of assuming that a lesbian writer/director would automatically love all lesbians and hate all men.The superficially `` happy ending '' that so angered me at first was actually intended to be a tragic ending . That made this a truly great movie .
 *** This review may contain spoilers *** One of the stronger entries in the crowded Independent Film market this year is ` The Kids Are Alright ' . The subject matter is refreshing as fairly normal middle-class lesbian couples , played here by Annette Benning -LRB- Nic -RRB- and Julianne Moore -LRB- Jules -RRB- , have not been the usual focus of many mainstream films in recent years.Writers Lisa Cholodenko and Stuart Blumberg aim more for comedy in the beginning of their story with Nic and Jules revealing a penchant for watching gay male porno tapes . At the same time , they are both involved in the serious business of raising two teenage children , who were conceived from the same sperm donor . Jules treats their son Laser to a slightly tortured explanation as to why she and Nic enjoy watching those porno tapes and it 's all part and parcel of the parents trying to be overly transparent in their day-to-day dealings with their children.The ordinary world of Nic and Jules is interrupted when Laser conscripts his older sister , Joni , to find their father , the sperm donor . He turns out to be a free spirit , Bohemian-type , Paul , who runs a restaurant with an organic garden in the backyard . Paul of course agrees to meet with the kids and they immediately bond.Stories about free spirit ` interlopers ' -LRB- the term that Nic uses to pejoratively to dismiss Paul at the film 's climax -RRB- are nothing new . Two prior films -LRB- much lighter in tone -RRB- are ` Belle Epoque ' -LRB- which received the Oscar for Best Foreign Lanugage film from Spain in 1993 -RRB- and the joint Anglo-Irish production , ` About Adam ' -LRB- 2000 -RRB- both of which introduce a quirky but likable Lothario who ends up seducing a family of women who can not resist his charms . But unlike the aforementioned films where the seducer is welcomed by the women he seduces and there are no malevolent consequences , here Paul 's seduction of Jules , is viewed as a violation of the family 's space . Hence , Paul is ultimately cast as a villain and banished from any further contact with each member of the family unit.The story proceeds quietly with a haunting guitar soundtrack underneath . Paul is invited over to dinner by Nic and Jules and eventually offers Jules a job working on the landscaping for his organic garden . Nic argues with Paul after he takes Joni for a ride on his motorcycle . Nic backs down and suggests that they go over to Paul 's house for dinner . In a great scene , Paul and Nic bond over Joni Mitchell 's ` Blue ' album . But soon afterward , disaster strikes
 It is so hard to review a movie such as this one because so many people have put in their ten cents worth . The story is not new but the treatment is and the traditional family is replaced with the lesbian family dynamic . I liked the movie and it is about the bonds that tie us together which are family , children . When outside forces start to threaten this bond , we rise to defend these ties . This film was unique because of the lesbian angle , Annette Benning - the husband , and Julianne Moore her wife . Mark Ruffalo contributes what may be the most natural performance of his career . The young children are great as well . Julianne Moore is such a seasoned performer that she does not even have to try . Annette Benning , commands your attention that will surely make the final round of major award ceremonies this year . With minimal makeup and an expression for every situation , she rules the movie . I enjoyed the movie . 12/25/10 4 stars .
 This was on my daughter 's Christmas list and it arrived in time ! Excellent service and a good movie ! Good for a movie night !
 Liked the whole story about how this family deals with the ups and downs of having the father of their children come around .
 I had to buy this movie for a communication class for college , it 's funny and realistic at the same time ...
 it 's funnynot perfect , but what is afterall?Enjoyed it and recommend it and hope more movies are made like it .
 The movie deals with what could happen if the children of the 2 lesbians meet their sperm bank donor dad . The cast is fantastic and the story is engaging . Julianne Moore is great actress and shines . Mark Ruffalo does a good job as the sperm donor , who struggles with paternalistic feelings with his progeny . The story gets complicated when Julianne and Mark develop feelings for each other and act on them . An added bonus is Mark Ruffalo baring his hairy bubble butt . Woof !
 With superb acting by Annette Bening , Julianne Moore and Mark Ruffalo this is a very memorable movie . The storyline is not predictable at all and keeps you guessing until the very end . It won various awards and rightly so .
 Annette Bening is nothing short of incredible in this film . She completely embodies the dominant matriarch of a family struggling to stop her family from slipping away in the wake of change . In one particular dinner scene she plays the full gamut of emotions - insecurity , happiness , relief , suspicion , betrayal , shock - in one flawless fell swoop . This is a great 21st century family drama !
 Once in awhile you come across a movie that hits on something real . This is one of those rare creatures . It 's a family picture , but offbeat because the two parents are middle-aged lesbians
 The movie was delivered right on time . When I played the disk it played fine but did skip once . Amazon did a great job for the price and the movie was all right .
 The more I watched , the more I loved it . The way it goes , the way everything unfolds ... it 's great . Very enjoyable work . Julianne Moore is among my favorite actors.She 's always amazing and the more I watch her , the more I fall in love . HEr relationship with Nic seems so true . They are both great . Interesting , unexpected twist with sexy Ruffalo ... I thought it was a great movie . Solid . Emotional .
 Astonishingly realistic portrayals of people who experience drama without histrionics - like actual mature people do . The story is in turn funny , sad , tense , poignant , and comforting . It 's great to see a movie where the characters are n't caricatures and to see them embodied by such skillful and committed actors .
 Two of my favorite female adult actors star in this film about a lesbian marriage coping with children curious about their biological father . These ladies really step outside their normal roles and do quite well . Mark Ruffalo -LRB- the father -RRB- also is very believable as the free spirt father with just enough direction in his life to take him seriously .
 This interesting take on the new family dynamic highlights a lesbian couple with two kids who find the man who provided sperm to create them . A loving show .
 I saw this in the theater and enjoyed it very much . I rented it on DVD and it was a weaker film . That sometimes happens .
 Have yet to see a better American movie this year . Mia Wasikowska somehow held her own against a strong performance by Bening . Wasikowska may have been the best actor in the film . Moore overacted in a few scenes but her character seemed to be written that way . The story did n't seem contrived or overly precious at all . Just a good story well told .
 The Kid 's are all right , directed by Lisa Cholodenko -LRB- Lie With Me -RRB- , does a good job at executing this film . There is a fair amount of humor , good drama with amazing acting performances , twists and lies that keep you interested , and 3 Academy award nominees all in the same movie . Nonetheless it is impressive . I do personally think the film ended semi-abruptly , but no biggy . I just would 've liked maybe another ten minute or so to give a better wrap up , is all . I also like Mrs. Bening the most out of everyone 's performance and can see how she got a golden globe for best actress with this flick . On the other hand , many may remember that this movie won a golden globe for best comedy . Nothing against the film , but it definitely more of a dramedy than an actualy comedy . It 's like funny people , a drama with funny moments in it , for example . Overall , I 'd say 8 out of 10 though soley based on acting purposes . It was just enjoyable . I 'm a straight twenty year old guy and enjoyed it . I 'm sure many others will , so instead of renting something that 'll suck , rent something with good performances and an interesting story of a set of lesbian parents who wanted to raise a family , and just like any other family ... have their issues and feel unappreciated towards one another , and are real people just like you and I.-Cam
 A bittersweet comedy-drama with fine performances and perceptive direction by Lisa Cholodenko -LRB- who collaborated with Stuart Blumberg on the screenplay -RRB- . Despite a few predictable story turns , `` The Kids Are All Right '' looks at the family unit in a refreshingly offbeat manner . The film slowly gets under your skin thanks in part to the effortless chemistry between Annette Bening and Julianne Moore - complemented by Mark Ruffalo 's best portrayal in years . Expect a few Oscar nominations for this unconventional gem .
 I was n't as impressed with this as my family , who all loved it . I thought the acting , characters , and story were all great ... Really this is less of a review than a rant , so you 've probably read enough . ;-RRB- I gave it 4-stars to balance out my 3-star rating with my wife 's 5-star rating.SPOILER ALERT / SPOILER ALERT / SPOILER ALERT - For those that have already seen it
 The 2 female leads are so entertaining . I enjoyed both the acting and dialogue . I watched this as video on demand and discovered that the pop-up screen ran smoothly , -- much better than the one within the amazon window which stalled several times .
 This is truly one of the best movies of 2010 . Acting is superb . Great script . Great direction . I will watch this one over & over & over .
 Before I begin let me just start by congratulating the director on an exceptionally well thought out cast . I mean I liked all the characters in the film and continuity was super . Mark Ruffalo must be having a really good personal life or something because he has come a long way from the man standing in the shadows of a shot - > to a man who can just about carry such a difficult role with such ease.It aches me to see that films like this do n't get enough recognition when you compare their success with BLOCKBUSTERS . Anyway , the film has the kind of TITLE which would make me watch it anyway unless it was an animation , then I 'd think twice.Mark Ruffalo gets my honors for playing the role of PAUL with remarkable ease and my heart warmed to his character very early in the film . Moving on , Annette Bening - well - where does one begin . She 's definitely the star of the film besides the older of the two child actors.Julianne Moore has come along way but age has not taken away from just how contemporary and sexy her look is in some scenes of the film.This film is more than the storyline will throw at you . It talks about loneliness , togetherness , love , lust , sperm donation , questioning your kids sexuality and such random things in life without ever discerning the viewer.I also loved the character names of JONI and LAZER and not to forget JULES.Running with Scissors and The Upside of Anger are EXAMPLES of similar films that tried hard but failed to move me but THE KIDS ARE ALL ALRIGHT is where the FILM-DIRECTOR -LRB- if I can put them all in one bracket -RRB- gets it right.Anybody who misses the charm of films like LITTLE MISS SUNSHINE . STEP MOM or let 's say THE SQUID AND THE WHALE will not be disappointed by this film.This is the sort of film HBO will play for the next decade or two.PS - it was good to see an indian kid play a small / half important role
 In recent cinema , actors have failed to bring me to a sense where I genuinely cared about their characters . Even when they do a technically good acting job , they do n't leave a sense of emotion , beauty , and enlightenment with you . They do n't stay with you for long . They do n't give you a reason , or a desire to return to the cinema and see their film again.In The Kids Are All Right , Lisa Cholodenko paints a canvas of thoughtful characters , an insightful script , a beautiful Californian setting , and even though it 's no special-effects laden , CGI-heavy typical summer entertainment , it brings you more than any film you 've seen over the summer . It has fantastic acting from its adult and younger actors alike . As of the very moment , I have seen this film twice . And both times , I laughed my ass off , I cried , I felt the emotion of the characters , and I left the cinema with a true sense of enlightenment and optimism.The film follows a married lesbian couple , Nic and Jules -LRB- Annette Bening and Julianne Moore -RRB- who have been together for many years . Their children , Joni and Lazer -LRB- Mia Wasikowska and Josh Hutcherson -RRB- are very happy , except they 've always wondered about their biological father . They find their sperm donor , or father in Mark Ruffalo 's Paul . Ruffalo seems somewhat typecast in the `` idiot '' parts , which is n't necessarily a bad thing , considering how well he plays it . The characters become bigger parts of each other 's lives and butt heads , and without saying any more , people love , people hate , and they make mistakes.Julianne Moore has certainly been on the top of her game in her recent work . With the few scenes she had in last winter 's A Single Man , alongside powerhouse Colin Firth , and this spring 's Chloe , alongside the surprising powerhouse Amanda Seyfried , and in this spring 's season of Tina Fey 's 30 Rock , great , even with a ridiculous Boston accent , she 's been in top form . And Annette Bening , who I have n't seen for a while , also is fantastic in this film . You can believe that the two are a couple who have made it through the thick and the thin . The two ladies compliment each other very well.However , the real heart of this film lies in Mia Wasikowska , who plays Joni , the older daughter . Her face really tells the story of the film . She says so much , without really saying anything at all . The recent Tim Burton remake of Alice In Wonderland being the only thing I remember seeing her in , I can tell you that she flexes her acting muscle more here . A scene near the film 's end where her character leaves for college , you can see the emotion flooding her face , and it 's a beautiful thing . Considering I 'm a student who 's about to leave for college in less than a month , perhaps I got more out of it than the average person would . Either way , it 's an astounding performance.One thing that sets this film apart from competing indie tragicomedies , is its mind . It has quite a bit of intelligence to it . And it 's the perfect blend of comedy and drama . It may very well be this summer 's equivalent to last year 's -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer . A mix of wonderfully eclectic acting , an undeniably realistic feel , amazing acting from all of its cast , with a rockin ' soundtrack , these Kids are more than all right .
 The traditional family drama gets a provocative twist in this year 's preeminent romantic dramedy The Kids Are All Right . Oscar nominees Julianne Moore and Annette Bening star as a gay married couple with two kids trying to battle the throes of their relationship when their kids decide to get curious about their biological father.Jules and Nic -LRB- played by Moore and Bening , respectively -RRB- are slowly drifting into their own marriage hell when the lethal mix of emotional distance , Nic 's dominance and Jules 's submissiveness rear their ugly heads . Then their children Joni -LRB- Mia Wasikowska -RRB- and Laser -LRB- Josh Hutcherson -RRB- decide to seek out their Dad out of sheer curiosity during Joni 's last month at home before she heads to college . The distance between their parents grows even further when the mere addition of the cool , motorcycle-riding dad Paul -LRB- played by Mark Ruffalo -RRB- threatens to disrupt their tight family unit . The impact Paul has on the family causes Nic to suspect that he may be causing her family to crumble like a stack of cards . But , like in any family drama . what does n't kill them makes them stronger in the end.Moore and Bening shine in this poignant film with Moore nailing her signature performance of a woman holding on to her last string of hope and Bening letting her fear of losing her family dictate her actions . Together the performances mark the perfect recipe in a beautifully written story is both funny in the most surprising parts and touching when it needs to be .
 Nora Ephron could take a few cues from Lisa Cholodenko -LRB- Laurel Canyon -RRB- on how to write and direct a movie about a recognizable human dilemma and the characters who have to deal with it . Now that I have seen this 2010 dramedy , I feel that this is basically the film that Ephron was trying to make with her 2009 Meryl Streep vehicle , It 's Complicated , a far more conventional comedy that took a long-estranged couple and threw a monkey wrench into their arrangement by introducing a plot device that had them reigniting embers they did n't realize still existed between them . In Cholodenko 's film , the situation appears more unique - the long-standing couple , Jules and Nic , is lesbian , and the complicating factor is Paul , the common biological father who provided the sperm that produced their two children , Nic 's 18-year-old daughter Joni and Jules ' 15-year-old son Laser.Ironically , however , the treatment here , co-written with Stuart Blumberg , is far more textured and universal than in Ephron 's dependence on tired stereotypes and slapstick . The superb performances do n't hurt either . The multi-layered story feels like a series of illuminations about these five characters . It begins when Joni and Laser decide to track down their sperm donor father without consulting their mothers . Paul turns out to be an easygoing , LA-style restaurateur and organic farmer , and as he begins to insinuate himself into the family 's life , the director exposes the confused feelings of a family toward someone who 's intractably part of them yet a complete stranger . Jules is intrigued , while Nic is suspicious and increasingly angry at someone she views as an interloper . At the same time , Cholodenko focuses attention on how Joni and Laser discover themselves sexually in a gay family with much of the comedy comes at the expense of Nic and Jules , who spice up their sex life with gay porn.Without resorting to stereotypes , the film succeeds in making this family seem quite ordinary with the kids constantly embarrassed by their moms ' emotionalism and need for order . Jules and Nic have a marriage that looks like any straight one of twenty years duration . A certain brittleness has crept into Annette Bening 's work of late , although the approach works well in her well-etched portrayal of Nic . She has a particularly strong dinner table scene where she is finally seduced by Paul 's laid-back charms , sings a woozy rendition of Joni Mitchell 's `` All I Want '' , makes a shocking discovery in the bathroom , and then returns to the table in an engulfing haze of silent disappointment . As Paul , Mark Ruffalo appears to be doing a variation of the ne'er - do-well character he played inYou Can Count on Mebut gives him a shaggy , SoCal veneer of materialistic success.In a turn that reminds me a bit ofAnnie Hall-circa Diane Keaton , Julianne Moore plays the character that experiences the biggest arc in the story - nurturing and self-reflective one minute , spontaneous and regretful the next . For an actress often at home in period roles that require her to express repression , this feels like her most liberating work . As Joni , Mia Wasikowska - superb in Tim Burton 's redux ofAlice in Wonderlandearlier this year - has the coltish manner of a young Gwyneth Paltrow and brings lucidity to her maturing character . Growing up from his cherubic turns inLittle ManhattanandBridge to Terabithia , Josh Hutcherson appears to be graduating to troubled adolescent roles with ease . Yaya DaCosta is so strikingly beautiful as the girl Paul conveniently keeps at bay that you almost overlook the serene presence she brings to her scenes . Cholodenko has no problem filming graphic lovemaking scenes , and they do n't feel gratuitous to the story . It 's rare when a film manages to be funny , mature and involving as this one does .
 By choice , I had n't been to the movies for quite awhile , and so was pleasantly surprised and greatly pleased by this humorous family drama distinguished by great acting and believable peformances by a stellar cast.In many ways , this film was a send-up of the over-intellectualizing California life style ; in others , an entertaining non-preachy commentary on the ongoing sexual revolution and changes in American mores . Yes , there were times when the movie was draggy and self-conscious . But overall , it was a better than expected viewing experience . Highly recommended .
 The first time I sat alone in a theater to watch a movie , which all viewers avoided . I could not stand 20 minutes watching `` Cats and Dogs , the revenge of kitty Galore '' , which is also a first for me . `` The kids are all right '' started with porn and perverted sex that could easily sway people to avoid the movie theater . From the start to end , the lesbian breadwinner portrayed a mean and ugly image of human existence , with foul language and obsession with anal and genital imagery in every theme of her reasoning.The choice of characters was perfect . The dominant female lacks any feminine attraction , mimics the hash and crude masculine aggression and dominance and relies on financial power to subdue her sexual target . The subordinate female partner lacks security and self esteem and must rely on the breadwinner to ensure her survival . The two siblings have no alternative but love and accept those who made their survival all possible . With such shaky dependence , everyone is entrapped for life . The weak is shackled by guilt and debt . The dominant fears the breeze of fresh air . The innocent kids must assimilate the guilt of their parents with the confusion of growing up.The first offspring went to college with big hugs , kisses , and plenty of tears and must be grateful for the rest of her life for such unconditional support . The second offspring returned home for few years of figuring out why lesbian women entertain gay sex . The two lesbian lovers have convinced themselves long enough that they were duly married and that their love could live a little longer . The sperm donor spread his sperms everywhere he could possibly reach with little chance to settle roots.The movie `` Splice '' made a similar argument of tampering with human and animal genes and ending up with a monstrous creature . Here , the monster lies within . The fear , the confusion , the lack of faith , the daily and frequent use of vulgar language , the alcohol , and the smoking all turned existence into unabated suffering .
 My 2 year old son enjoys this game a great deal . It has a huge amount of content -- with 4 complete Blue 's Clues games . Along with that , there are little side games like finding noisemakers , drawing pictures , and completing puzzles . Some of those you have to hunt a bit for , but that 's part of the fun ! Steve is a big part of this game , which is nice , as a lot of Blue 's Clue merchandise does n't include him , and that always disappoints my boys -- they are big Steve fans ! I would say the age guidelines -LRB- ages 3-6 -RRB- are just about right , but my 2 year old enjoys it anyway -- just does n't totally get how to hunt for clues . You can set the level of how hard you want it to be to find clues . Certainly worth the reasonable price !
 my three kids , ages 4,6,8 all liked this software . they liked playing the games before they got all the clues . there are lots of interesting click points . the birthday card activity was really neat . my only complaint is that going from one room to another is slow and some of the clues seem hard to find . overall all though , a good buy , wholesome and entertaining .
 If your kids love Blue , they 'll enjoy this as long as they are patient . Children who like things to move at 90 mph will be frustrated because it is painfully slow when it changes scenes . Having said that , it is still a great game . It is packaged with 2 CD 's which make up 4 different games all ending at Blue 's party . It helps to have a Mom or Dad around to help guide them through the things that they need to look for -LRB- the book will tell you what to look for . -RRB- Many clues are hiding behind something and kids need to solve a problem in order to get to the clue . The hints can be very subtle . It does not allow you to adjust the level of difficulty though so I would imagine that it may become boring faster than some others -LRB- too soon to tell . -RRB-
 Good freedom of play within game , lots of fun surprises . Our 8 year-old loves it too .
 I bought this for my son right before his 3rd birthday . After playing this game once , he has figured out how to navigate through the program and the computer without help.Forget actually finding the clues because the fun part is clicking on the background objects in each scene to see what they do . -LRB- My son cracks up every time he clicks on the pig to see him dump his face in the mud and go `` oink oink '' -RRB- Even the balloons pop if you click on them . Some of the games are appropriate for even a 3 year old too.My son is learning how to use a computer and playing with his favorite character , Blue too . Maybe he 'll get to the clues next year but for now , this keeps him well entertained when I 'm cooking dinner or just needing a break !
 If your child likes the TV Show he/she will enjoy this game . My 5 year old loves to find the clues and play the games . He only wishes , that Steve would move faster from room to room !
 I have a 3 year old and a 4 year old . This game will keep thier attention for hours , taking turns and working together . It is great because EVERYTHING does something when you click on it . It keeps thier attention and they do n't even realize they are learning . I am currently looking for more comperable games . Any suggestions ?
 My 3 1/2 year old daughters really enjoy this game . They received it a few months ago for a Christmas present . The software is rather slow going from scene to scene , but it does n't seem to bother my daughters . They have enjoyed solving the problems in each of the 4 games -LRB- you usually have to find something that a character needs in order for them to show you the clue -RRB- . There are also some fun activities in each game -LRB- like hide and go seek in one game -RRB- . Overall , very good software for children . They have been able to do it completely on their own without a problem .
 This game is great my three year old Daughter loves it . She gets frustrated when she goes from screen to screen it does take some time . She finds the clues , and is very plased with herself . I highly recommend it .
 It is a great game and you get 2 cds , 4 games in all . Its like the movie you search for clues . There are 3 level which makes it more fun , my 8 year old daughter had fun . It can be played by 5 to 9 years .
 My daughter -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- is an avid Blue 's fan , and this was our first computer software purchase for her . While she enjoys it immensely , she is also frustrated by the wait time -LRB- she keeps telling Steve to hurry up and move into the next scene . -RRB- I am not very pleased with the sound quality . The songs go much faster than the graphics , thus Steve is finished moving well before the music is finished playing . Overall I find it engaging for her level and if you have the extra cash recommend it if your child likes Blue .
 My 3 yr old son loves this 2-cd rom game . It 's very educational and it keeps his interest . He gets so excited when he finds the clues . Everytime I look he 's playing this game . His alphabet & number comprehension has improved alot . 5 stars from me !!
 Our 3 year old son loves this game ! He has been able to play it all by himself with just a little help the first couple of times . He enjoys figuring new things out each time he plays and he is progressing rapidly in his abilities to figure the computer and programs out all by himself . This a very well-developed game.I have found a wonderful teaching tool in the game that I never expected . My little son is learning to take turns talking ! Since he can not do anything on the game while the characters talk , he is learning to really listen to what they say . It is delightful ! He has started really listening to what Mommy says , instead of dashing off to do something else . He is even learning to show more patience to his baby sister ! I had never thought that a computer game would be teaching manners . Kudos to the programmers !
 We 've had this game for about 5 months . My two-and-a-half year old calls it `` Coos coos numbers '' . She wants to play it everyday . Her favorite activities include picking out shapes with the `` Felt Friends '' , sorting snacks with Mr. Salt and Mrs. Pepper , and counting out blocks -LRB- of all shapes and sizes -RRB- to build a toy train track . We have a lot of fun playing this together , and I never get tired of seeing the joy on her face when she shows me where the orange triangle or the green square is .
 I have 5 & 6 yr old girls . We 've had this game for over a year . My 5 year old still begs to play . She has improved a lot since she first played this game . It really helps with teaching the child to listen to instructions . And the graphics are just like watching them on tv . I would recommend this to any 4-6 yr old . I think 3 is a little too young .
 My wife and I purchased a computer for my -LRB- then -RRB- 3-year old 's Christmas present . We also purchased some educational software for him to use , and Blue 's Clues 123 Time Activities was one of the titles selected.The software installed easily on his Windows XP-based HP computer . He was up and playing in `` no time flat . `` Game play is intuitive , and his favorite game is a Crazy -8 s-based card game that he plays against one of Blue 's Clues charming characters , a little bear . All of the games progress in difficulty depending on the child 's level of success.After winning or successfully completing a task , the player is given a certain amount of `` Blue Dollars , '' which can be used to buy items at the prize tent . These items are accumulated and are put together -LRB- by the computer , not by the child -RRB- to form a neat object like a toy boat or toy car.My now 4-year old still enjoys the game , and has experienced a limited amount of frustration . His mom helps to guide him often , and he also helps to guide me through some of the activities !
 My 4-year-old has had this game for over a year , and while he had problems at first -LRB- with the mouse , not the game -RRB- he begs and begs to play it . It 's become a reward for good listening in our house , since you have to listen to the game to play . He loves helping his `` friends '' in order to make money , and really feels a sense of accomplishment when he completes his job ! He has a few games that he loves to play , but this is definitely one of his favorites !
 We 've had this game for three months now , and he still loves playing it . The sorting and train games are his favorites . This CD comes with easy to follow instructions for each game , and it includes a parent/child activity on every other page . There 's also a trouble-shooting page for both Macs and PCs that Mom and Dad can use if the game is n't working properly . This game is a must for any child who loves computers , who is about to enter kindergarten , and who enjoys Blue 's Clues .
 Bought this for my 3 year old & she loves it . She figured it out very quickly & plays it with no help from mom ! Very clever games & lots of fun .
 This is a fun cd with several games all aimed at teaching a child math skills . There are sorting games where a child has to sort out items into two sets of like items . There are games that encourage number , color or shape recognition . There are games that encourage measurement -LRB- in that something is bigger or smaller than something else -RRB- and weighing . As children play games the games get progressively harder . Also , as children play they earn blue dollars that they can later spend.By little four year old boy still enjoys playing with this game . We bought it when he was three.This is a fun computer game . It is easy to use and required very little input or direction from me as my son learned how to play the games . It grows with the childs skill level . This computer game makes math fun.Enjoy .
 This is great software for kids . My two year old plays it with me and it 's one of his favorites . His favorite characters from the show all have fun activities in the game . I love it because it does n't get boring for me .
 As a parent and former preschool teacher , I can highly recommend this game . My 5 year-old comes back to this game again and again . The activities in this game are creative and unlike other preschool games . My daughter particularly enjoys one game which requires choosing the heaviest/lightest toy , and uses a scale in addition to numbers to show the concept . There are games to teach sorting by multiple characteristics , pattern recognition , and addition as well . All games are fun and provide hints if needed , with constant reinforcement . This game is a worthwhile addition to your software collection !
 I bought this for my son when he was 2 . He really liked it then , but did n't have the mouse skills to use it alone . Now that he is 3 this is his favorite computer game . His mouse skill are good enough that he can play it on his own while . The games involve pre-math skills like sequences , sorting and matching . As the child completes tasks correctly , the games become more challenging .
 This was a little too young for my child but good for preschool age and a good price . takes a little long to wait for the talking at start up , but just like blues clues on tv where steve and joe talk to the child . So if the child likes blues clues it might be a good purchase .
 I remember playing this game at my old preschool and at my friends ' and cousin 's houses when I was growing up . I had a lot of fun with it and played it constantly ! As a longtime fan of Blue 's Clues , I must say that this game is amazing ! Truly feels like you 're at a REAL carnival , but inside your own personal computer ! Although there are no clues to be found , there are still skidoos to go and is a lot of fun ! Buy this game and other Blue 's Clues games for your child if they idolize Blue !
 My 3.5 year old loves this game , he originally played it at school and was very excited when we got it at home . As for the delays in the software -LRB- voices , mouse use ... -RRB- , it is true but does n't seen to bother my son . He played it for almost 2 hours the first day we got it and now I have a hard time getting him off the computer . It is a good value for such a low price .
 My son will be 3 years old in 2 months and he can play every game on the cd without my help . When we first got the game in i sat down with him and showed him how to play each game one time . He has been playing without my help every since . It is a great learning game . He has several games and this is one of his favorites .
 The product seems nice , but runs in a clunky and confusing Mac OS9 window . i would n't recommend this for Mac users until it is updated .
 This game takes the child through three separate ` blue 's clues ' hunts , plus three separate ` treasure map ' hunts , all in the familiar setting of Steve 's house and neighborhood . The puzzles are varied and interesting ; each ` clue ' leads to a mini-game which the child can return to again and again . There are plenty of small hidden things on each screen for the child to discover , and extensive live action video of Steve helping to lead the way . There is a high quality of art and music throughout the game -LRB- although the ` poetry ' in some of the clues is dreadful . -RRB- Definitely recommended for children from the age they can use a mouse through 5 or 6 . My only problem with the game is that it comes on 2 CD 's , which need to be swapped out halfway through the game - my 2 year old is old enough to enjoy this game , but not old enough to be trusted with CD swapping . Also , I ca n't get the CD 's to work with ` GameDrive8 ' , which I use to mirror most of her games so that she does n't need to swap CD 's - the game always looks for the CD in drive 'D : ' .
 THINKING AND PROBLEM SOLVING PLUS BLUE AND HIS FRIENDS AND OH YEAH AND STEVE . THIS IS TERRIFIC FUN AND EDUCATIONAL . WHAT MORE CAN YOU WANT . MUST HAVE !!
 I bought this game for my 4 year old sister for Christmas this year . She has been an avid fan of Blue 's Clues since she was 2 , and I decided to buy this game for her . Since she was upset over the gameplay inBlue 's Birthday Adventure , she had more fun with this game and I have enjoyed playing it with her . I 'd suggest this title to any Blue 's Clues fan !!!!
 I 'm a fan of Nolo 's Quicken Willmaker product . It helps you create your own estate planning documents as well as a few simple general legal documents . It 's very easy to use , and works in all states -LRB- except Lousiana , where the estate planning documents created in this software wo n't be legal due to that state 's specific drafting requirements -RRB- . There are a few things you should know , however , before purchasing the software.First , Amazon also sells a book-CD version called Quicken Willmaker Estate Planning Essentials which combines a full book on estate planning with a full version of the Willmaker Plus software , and it sells for much less than the software alone ! It 's just a much better deal . Just search for `` willmaker '' in the Book section . -LRB- Note
 The average person does n't usually have the cash on hand to hire an estate attorney at $ 300 + an hour to put together a will or living will for them . The average person with kids is even less able to afford it but the irony is that they need it the most in order to assure their kids are taken care of and that involves additional intricacies related to trusts , guardianship of the kids and such which makes the whole thing cost even MORE.Now that my custody arrangement has gotten sticky , I 'm remarried and have something in the way of assets , I decided to spend a few bucks on my will . Key to that notion is ' a few bucks ' . I still did n't have thousands to spend . So , I bought a copy of nolo 's Willmaker Plus.If you 're like me , when approaching the topic of wills , legalities , living wills and trusts , your gaze kinda glazes over and you realize that it is all very big and very complex and far too big or complex to ` get ' without a law degree . This software makes it a no-brainer . It asks you questions and you either fill in information -LRB- like someone 's name -RRB- or answer yes/no to very clear , easy to understand questions . Where free form text is allowed , you get very clear instructions and examples . It also adjusts the questions and forms depending upon what state you live in and what options you selected on previous questions.Most importantly , you do n't just go through this experience blindly . It guides you through each step with detailed background information and explanations and offers reference material on each item beyond even what 's offered in the instructions . At the end of the process , you know what you filled out and why.At the end of each form , it automatically saves it to a saved library of forms that you have filled out for quick access later and gives you the option to preview , modify or print . The printed copies come complete with signing instructions and notary and/or witness fields.Having all of the contact information for everyone together before hand and a general idea of what needed to go to who , it took me about an hour to create a will -LRB- complete with a UTMA -RRB- , a living will , a temporary guardianship letter for my son and his step dad , a final arrangements declaration and automatically generated letters to my executor and elected health care agent.It is exactly what I needed . It 's quick . It 's in plain English . It 's easy . It 's cheap for what you get , which is essentially hours of an attorney 's time for a fairly cut and dry task and peace of mind that everything is taken care of .
 I just used this program to make wills and healthcare directives for my wife and me . I have the book-CD version . I recommend it over just the CD , because it is a better financial deal , and you do not have to read a PDF online or print it out.Here are some of the features that I thought were worth noting : * The program divides a document into sections and shows you a list of those sections , indicating which sections you have done . You can resume the interview at the beginning of any section and make changes from that point on . * After doing one will , you can go to the File menu and Save for Spouse . This creates a copy of the will with the spouses names interchanged . Then you can go through the interview and make any needed changes . * In the process of answering the questions , the program accumulates the names of people you mention into an editable contact list . After you mention someone once , the next time you need them you can simply select them from a list . This is handy when doing the healthcare directive , which needs to show contact information , if you have already entered that information when doing the will . It is also handy if you decide to redo portions of either document . When working on one family member 's document , you can import contacts from another 's document . * The program does not appear to provide the option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . The only way to list two or more alternate executors is to have two or more of them serve together . This is ironic , since the program recommends having only one executor at a time . Although I wanted to name my wife , children , and then siblings as alternate executors , I decided to accept just having my wife and son as executor and alternate . If all of us die in an auto accident while taking a trip together , then there is hopefully time for the probate court to name an executor . It would just be more expedient to have one already named . * I contacted customer support asking them to enhance the program to add an option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . The response stated why they chose to omit that option -LRB- `` The editors choose to limit the number of fields for Beneficiaries and Executors to prevent the program from becoming to unwieldy '' -RRB- and some options -LRB- export the document and add the language or return the program -RRB- . I was disappointed that they did not embrace my suggestion -LRB- I disagreed that it would make the program too unwieldy , since they already allow you to list multiple Beneficiaries and Executors that serve together at the same time -RRB- , but I liked that I received a prompt response that indicated they had read my note and knew what I was talking about , and that they gave an honest , direct answer . * At the end of the interview you can review the document as it will print . You can then print it directly to a printer , or export it as plain text or RTF . Exporting to RTF is handy if you need to change the document -LRB- they advise against changing it -RRB- or print it somewhere else . However , the RTF is not identical to printing directly . I noticed two differences . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Pagination can be different , and as explained by the program , getting the pagination right is important for legal reasons . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The footer is always different
 Like many of my friends neither my husband nor I had a will . A will was for our parents , people with lots of money or those in particularly dangerous professions . But with the birth of our son we realised that we needed to figure out who would take care of him in the event that something happened to both of us.Not having a large estate we decided to try out Willmaker Plus and it is great . It has lots of different forms that we do n't need as yet but may soon . The will itself is very straight forward and asked lots of great questions that we never even thought of . I showed the final document to my father-in-law , a lawyer , and he says it all looks fine . This has been a relief for both my husband and I.Like I said if you have lots of benefactors and a really complicated estate this is probably not right for you . But if you want a good will that will provide for a child or two then I think this is great .
 The lawsuit mentioned in Mr John Matlock `` Gunny '' review has nothing to do with the quality or legality of documents created using Quicken WillMaker Plus software . Instead , it concerns the actions of an insurance agent who was found to have practiced law without a license.He used will-making software -LRB- not Quicken WillMaker Plus -RRB- to write a willfor an elderly client . The trouble arose because he created the will outside of her presence and arranged for her to sign it while she was hospitalized . Apparently she never reviewed the will . In other words , he acted too much like a lawyer . While the `` unauthorized practice of law '' is a vague concept , had the insurance agent merely recorded the woman 's wishes and entered them verbatim into the software , there would almost certainly have been no problem.There is no problem with using software to prepare a will for your self . Nor is there a problem with using it to create a will for someone else if you merely type in that person 's answers at their direction . The main way to run afoul of unauthorized-practice-of-law rules is to give legal advice to or prepare documents for others without their express , detailed instructions .
 There are several real advantages to using Quicken Willmaker software .1 . The legal part of the software was done by Nolo . They publish an awful lot of do-it-yourself software , and are well respected -LRB- if you are not a lawyer -RRB- . Nolos involvement helps to assure me of a quality product .2 . The user interface , a fill in the blank approach with a lot of help screens , make the whole process quite easy and painless to go through .3 . Besides the standard last will , the package includes a number of other documents that you may want decide you need . Among others this includes Living Trust , Living Will , Final Arrangements , Notice to Terminate Joint Credit Card Accounts , Child Care Agreement & instructions , and many more.Having said that , there are two problems with the software :1 . If you live in Louisiana , your laws are based on the French system , not the English system and there is a caution on the box that says
 This software offers simple and easy to use way of getting ones affairs in order .
 This software is easy to use . It 's like tax software , it ask questions , you answer . Has everything I wanted it for and a lot more . I would recommend it.Cheaper than a lawyer .
 I have created two living wills/Power of Attorney for medical with attachments thru this program and have found it quite satisfactory . It appears to be inclusive of the items I wanted to cover .
 This is from a - z and it is intuitive . Quicken made making a will easy like most all their other software 's this on is what the Doctor ordered .
 I recommend this to anyone who wants to make sure things will be handled the way they want them handled when the time comes you ca n't make those decisions . It is very thorough with many choices of documents and explanations of when to use them and how to use them .
 Works well , make sure to carefully read instructions
 I have not yet looked at all the documents included in this software . I appreciate the tutorial nature and the pro/con examples given . Since I am not a lawyer , I am a bit nervous about making legal decisions that would need a test in court to be sure I made the correct choices . I did complete the HealthCare Directive and it compares well with others I 've seen used in my state . I need to learn more about estate planning and this is going to teach me the jargon and the proper questions to ask.My only complaint is that I declined the free delivery option and paid for delivery so I would have enough time to work with it before my parents appointment with their estate attorney . It did not arrive in a timely manner and I was forced to purchase a download version from another vendor in order to complete forms I wanted the attorney to look at . It is no surprize that he was more interested in drawing up his own forms for my parents and charging $ 1000 for a basic package.I decided to keep the CD anyway -LRB- when it finally arrived -RRB- just in case I have a hard drive failure .
 The product appears to be informative and reasonably easy to use . It is very helpful just describing the issues that need to be addressed . Provides for addressing some stuff we might rather ignore or avoid .
 I bought this in 2006 . The software is easy to use , and helps you to create many , many documents for household and personal financial management . I have used it for myself and for my roommate . It has saved us thousands of dollars in legal fees . I keep my copy current via updates from the company . You can still use it after 2007 ; they just add a warning on one of the cover sheets when you print stuff , advising you that you have an old copy -LRB- but the warning is not part of your document -RRB- . I would buy this again , if I needed it .
 We bought 2007 version because 2008 one does n't support windows xp.The software is very easy to use . Just plug in names and it will prompt you to pick your choices . One the right side , it gives you samples and instructions . The only thing that bugs me is the name of the living trust . it 's a comination of both my name and my husband 's . Not sure how to change it .
 Product seems fairly accurate and detailed , could be a little more user friendly , but over all - a good product .
 i originally downloaded this program , when i cleaned out my computer i lost my muvee4 . i could n't remember what program it was . now i 'm going to clean out all the other programs and repurchase it again on cd so if i have to clean out my computer i wont lose my favorite video producing program . it makes e-mailings , vcd or dvd 's easy with transitions and music overrides a snap . highly recommend muvee4
 I really like this software . It was impossibly easy to install and is simple enough that my 7 year old can navigate it with my preschoolers . It also has a feature where you can print off pages for this children to color , which I know my little ones enjoy . Overall , it is exactly what you would expect a Blue 's Clues PC game to be .
 The bottom line upfront is that this is an excellent game for kids who are pre - or early readers . This was one of my daughter 's favorite games when she was between the ages of 2 to 5 and definitely gave her an early start to reading . The game is easy to load and functioned seamlessly on both our high-end desktop and low-end laptop . Navigation through the program was very easy and highly intuitive both for me as well as my daughter . Although she needed a little help up to the age of three , after that she could completely navigate the game on her own . It can be played in two modes
 I was suspect about it working under Linux , however Wine pulled through.I 'm using Ubuntu . I copied all the contents of the DVD and run it locally .
 My 3 yr old granddaughter loves this PC version of Green Eggs and Ham . Not only can she listen to the story , but she can interract with it as well as play additional learning games such as color matching . I recommend this very highly !
 For years I have been addicted to the Mac Computer in its various forms . Apple Works , Microsoft Works was my choice of word processors . Then I tried Microsoft Word beginning with 1998 . When Microsoft Word 2004 came out , I considered upgrading . Finally with MacBook Pro , I took the refreshing plunge ! What a joy to click on the blue M and know I will have a document that IS quickly and easily professional and accurate . Communication has never been easier !
 I have n't used all the features yet , but it seems to open almost any Windows < TM > doc file . The only problem I have is that it wo n't install on my TiBook and it wo n't register with Microsoft.I 'm using Word 2001 on my TiBook .
 This is a very capable word processor , but in its features becomes somewhat complex and not always very intuitive . For those who arefluent in its use , there are almost no limitations to the work that can be done with it .
 I have reviewed several other programs , looking for something that I could use to plan a project that will involve some garden work , as well as landscaping and wildlife plantings on a hundred acres of land that I have in northern Maine . Initially , I was looking for something for a Mac , since I had mostly wanted it on my notebook , and my notebook is a Mac . Unfortunately , the only equivalent software that I found for a Mac was many times more costly than the Garden Composer , and was principally intended for home design , which was n't one of the purposes that I had for it.I do have some desktop PCs around though , so I opted for the Garden Composer and installed it on one of my PCs yesterday . It comes pretty close to being perfect for the purposes that I have in mind . It 's fairly intuitive to begin with , and an animated tutorial can get you through the rough spots.It includes a 16,000 plant encyclopedia with trees , shrubs , flowers and vegetables , as well as the ability to add plants that are not already represented . It also comes with 800 3D plan objects , 400 3D predesigned objects and 100 material textures . There are 22,500 plant images , and plants can be selected or found through a number of search variables , such as hardiness zones , geographical areas , or features that are specific to the plants.The garden or landscape is planned from a bird 's eye view , but it can be viewed in 3D mode . Hills or valleys can be added to it easily . You can also view your garden or landscape as it can be expected to appear in the future , based on the average growth rates of the plants or trees.Once you 've added your garden or landscape , Garden Composer creates monthly gardening tasks lists for all of the plants on the plan . Recommendations for listed plants are included but these tasks may also be user-edited . One of the things I like most about it is that it 's editable.I have n't learned how to do everything in it yet , so I may learn that the few negatives that I 've seen are alterable . It is not a home designing software , so I would n't expect it to have home-designing capabilities but , since many landscaping plans are build around existing structures , a few house designs are included in the program . I am not sure whether these are editable so as to make a design look more like my house , for example . I may find that I can do that through the program , but probably not . I do believe that I can add my own designs to the collection though , so that 's hardly a criticism.It is not available in a Mac edition , and it is suggested for Microsoft Windows 2000/XP/Vista . From their web site , it does n't seem that a Windows 7 edition is out yet . Were it available in a Mac , or even a more recent Windows edition , I would have given it five stars .
 I have a 4 year old daughter who absolutely loves this CD , she will sit for over an hour and work through the entire disc . The first day she needed assistance to understand the directions but since then she works through the disc alone and if she makes a mistake she can go back and fix it herself . When she has completed the disc she then prints a certificate that says 100 % correct . She LOVES it ! The Reading Readiness , Transition Math and Vocabulary Puzzles for grade 1 are great too for preschool aged children .
 My 6-year-old son loves this CD . It comes with a workbook that he completed all on his own ... which is amazing for a somewhat lazy kid who never wants to do his homework . The first one got lost and I had to order it again because he kept asking for it .
 My son has Down Syndrome and I 've been told that he can learn most anything , you just have to find his particular ` learning pathway ' for him to master it . Well , we have been working for years on time and money , with very little progress , but in the last 4 months he has mastered time and money with 30 minutes a day useing this program . An unexpected bonus was he picked up fractions in the process , something we had n't even tried yet thinking he was n't ready ! I am so thrilled with this program that I am looking for other programs by School Zone , hoping to have similar success . I know I sound like a commercial , but I honestly have no affiliation with this company . Maybe I should!I do need to add that Ben is a very visual learner , so that might have helped , for this program is designed for such . I can see how some moms see this as an electronic workbook , but there is an immediate reward element as well as games occasionally that helps relieve the inevitable monotony , along with the keyboard advantage for kids that struggle with writing . Ben also liked the aspect of finishing all the pages , at the bottom of the screen it gave him a visual of how many he had left to do.I ca n't say that Ben was begging to do this program because it was so fun , but making it a required part of his homeschool , it was easy to get him to do his ` math ' . I try alot of different learning programs in search of ways to teach Ben , and I am thrilled with this particular School Zone product . I 'm happy to answer any questions by email , and would love to know other mom 's software discoveries .
 My 6 year old grandson loves this CD and works with it often . He 's gotten very good with the money and has greatly improved with time . Although fractions are not covered in school yet , he is mastering the concept . Thank you .
 The kids really like to play this game and they learn the concepts quickly . At least until they broke the CD ! But that 's how often it was used .
 I have two children that I am home schooling and they love this cdrom . They are kindergarten and 1st grade and it has really helped them with learning time , Money and fractions . I highly recommend this ! One thing I really love is that it tracks what is incorrect and makes them go back to do it again and it also allows them to print an award when it is all done correctly ! I love it !
 We have several school zone books and computer games . They are always in stock at their website and at a great price . Download apps , computer games or order anything from school zone .
 Honestly ... I do n't fish . I bought this card for the water depth information that it provides . I boat in the `` Chain of Lakes '' in Fox Lake , IL . My gps only provides me lake boundaries , and the fishing hot spots gives me greater detail . I like it , and I found it on Amazon for less than HALF the price my local marine dealer wanted to sell it to me for ...
 I bought this for my 5 and a half year old daughter and she loved it . It only took her a couple hours to get through all the puzzles but she has played it again and again after that . Once you solve some of puzzles , players are rewarded with a computer game . I like that it was self-explanatory and she could do everything by herself since she feels more accomplished when she does n't ask me for help.The other reviewer described this as a workbook , and it is a bit like that , no fancy graphics here . Even so , my daughter has been playing fancier games like Reader Rabbit , Math Missions , and Zoombinis since she was four but she was not bored by the Vocabulary Puzzles format . I feel like the software was a great deal and we really enjoyed it .
 This is a very good software program for converting printed music into actual music as well as into usable computer midi files . If you are keyboard challenged and have a bunch of old sheet music lying around and want to know what it would sound like , just scan the music sheets into your computer and Smartscore can convert it into karaoke style music with you following the bouncing ball in just a few minutes . Of course there are many other musical uses as well as described in the included 266 page User Manual.A similar product from Visiv in England called SharpEye , about the same price , does better in accurately scanning with less mistakes , but it has far fewer features .
 Please do n't buy this software it does n't work well at all , it was a waste of my money . One page of my music came out alright after I had to do a little work on it , like scanning about 10 times . But the other two pages were completely wrong . I spent more time correcting the errors then I would have just writing the music out right in finale print music . The free software that comes with Finale print music is better than the one I bought for $ 169 . . I had to uninstall it and just use the free one which is a whole lot better.Please please please do n't waste your money ---------------- update ------------ After going through two,all-in-one scanner - printers , I did more research and found that a stand alone scanner would work better . I wish they had told me this before I purchase the new HP all-in-one printer , however I did buy a stand-alone cheap Canon scanner and now everything is working fine , sorry for the scathing review before . please please please buy a standalone print and save yourself the headache that I put myself through . Once again I want to say sorry to Smart Score and please put more i emphasis on a stand alone scanner . Now this is a great product thank you
 Adobe has improved on what is likely one of the most powerful video compositing programs available . After Effects 4.1 has set a standard for manipulating video , text and graphics.The improvements in this upgrade include more powerful and easier to use matte tools , many small interface tweaks and a few important bug fixes.The overall program , though still difficult to master becuause of it 's power and number of features , is much more intuitive . It also seems much more rubust on NT than in the past . Render and preview tools have improved , though rendering is still the biggest downside to such a powerful program .
 I write Aspect scripts that are used everyday by hundreds of clients , a large portion of them XP . Our scripts involve highly complex bbs navigations , and they all work !
 Procomm Plus working just fine on Windows XP for a submitting/receiving medical billing using scripts .
 I 'm a road warrior that test telecom equipment . and Procomm plus is a must have for VT-320 emulations .
 Best terminal program ever ! It 's a real shame that Symantec has never updated it , but at least it still available for sale and still works on Windows 7 32-bit . There may be some functions that do n't work on Win 7 , but the basic terminal functions and Aspect scripts seem to work fine . Rated 4 stars only because it has some useless functions wrapped in and has n't been updated in a really long time , but the terminal and scripting functions are outstanding .
 This software is n't secure , does n't work well with current operating systems , and is completely essential for maintaining a connection to some old systems . I use this to capture a data stream from a fire alarm system that used to output to a serial printer.It does what it says , it 's old , if you 're looking for it , you 'll know if it will meet your needs.Four stars instead of 5 because it would be helpful to update this software , even though the market is probably pretty small .
 Sorry this not a review but I need iformation before i make an oder . I need an emulator for NT & 2000 that facilites drag and drop facility while using FTP functionality when connecting to a unix host.Please advise .
 There are several reasons to like Trend Micro products . Key among them is the close relationship that Trend Micro enjoys with Microsoft . Norton and McAfee both tend to be slow in adopting use of the latest interfaces -LRB- API 's -RRB- and this puts them behind the 8 ball . TM 's products have been hard to get in the past , but the use of the latest technology is very much in their favor . They were the first to be able to integrate with Microsoft Sharepoint and their corporate presence is pretty strong . They are very aggressive in getting fixes out . I 've used their products for 5 years + and have consistently been pleased with both the service and protection they afford .
 Contrary to what has been written in the previous 2 reviews thisproduct is the best of its ' kind . I have been using it , and ONLYit , for the past 6 months , in a new installation of XP/SP2 , and itco-exists flawlessly . Previous to this I have used both McAfee andNorton products , and while they are also good there is no questionin my mind that this is the superior product . I no longer use anyother spyware removal tools -LSB- Spybot , Adware , etc -RSB- , as PC-cillinhas been very effective in catching these nasty devils in realtime.I must also point out that it is ` perfectly ' integrated intoSP2 's Security Center.It is the best in class .
 PC-cillin Internet Security 2005 Home Security Pack Is one of the best virus programs out there and it is worth it . scaning filesi is easy as one , two , three ! Although it is slightly better than norton anti virus , I still recommend you to buy and use this somftware in order to protect yourself from hackers and spam.Some technical features of this item from the website is : Comprehensive Virus SecurityAward-winning Trend Micro antivirus technology detects and removes all types of viruses , worms , Trojans , and blended threats . Advanced heuristics technology can block unknown viruses before a new pattern file is available , and the Outbreak Alert System proactively warns you of the new threats before a virus can attack.Enhanced Spyware Detection and RemovalNew anti-spyware technology detects and removes spyware , adware , and other unwanted programs , including cookies and registry keys designed to steal personal data and monitor online activity . The filtering engine uses an extensive spyware database , which is continually updated so you are protected from the latest threats . It performs real-time scans to block spyware before it can be installed and runs manual scans to remove programs that are already on your system.Anti-Phishing - New anti-phishing technology protects you from `` phishing '' attacks designed to steal personal data , such as credit card , bank account , and social security numbers , user names and passwords . Using an innovative approach , the software stops the transmission of outbound data to known phishing-related Web sites.Home Network Control - This unique feature enables you to easily configure , update , and control PC-cillin Internet Security running on any PC on your home network-managing all functionality through a single interface . You can run remote security scans to ensure all of your PCs are safe and updated with the latest protection . You can also password-protect PC-cillin Internet Security to prevent others from disabling or modifying security settings.Wi-Fi Intrusion Detection - Trend Micro 's new Wi-Fi Intrusion Detection is the industry 's first alert system for consumers that warns you when a wardriver or another unknown user enters your wireless network . By adjusting profile-based security settings , you can optimize performance and security for your current network environment , whether connecting via Wi-Fi or Internet caf&eacute;.Improved Spam FilteringTrend Micro 's anti-spam technology identifies and blocks spam with a higher level of accuracy , saving you valuable time and effort . You can easily adjust filtering sensitivity , and if you use Microsoft Outlook , you can install the new integrated anti-spam toolbar that enables you to optimize results based on personal needs.Personal FirewallThe firewall prevents hackers and network viruses , like MYDOOM , NIMDA , and SASSER , from invading your home network . If a threat is detected , it can automatically shut off network access to stop the virus from spreading . When a new threat emerges , Trend Micro 's Network Virus Emergency Center sends an early alert so your network is protected immediately.Vulnerability Assessment - This new security feature automatically performs regular scans of your computer and alerts you to operating system and browser vulnerabilities . It then provides one-click access to Windows Update so you can download the patch file .
 This is the best internet security product on the market -- no question . Norton and McAfee are major resource hogs and each feature costs more money . This product seemlessly integrates all necessary features and it 's a great deal . I 'm an information security specialist and recommend this to all my clients and friends .
 I really like how few system resources this software uses . I am using it on both an ancient system running Win98 and on a 3Ghz system running XP . Works like a charm on both and loads quickly . The anti-virus portion of the software is particularly good . Another plus is the wi-fi detection . Good stuff that 's right on top of things . The virus checking on the e-mail works fine , too . The not so good ? I would get a free spyware checker , such as Ad-Aware SE instead of using the confusing and `` undoable '' spyware checker included in this package . You make a mistake on what you remove and you might be very sorry . The anti-spam portion of the software is also quite weak . I had read some online reviews which seemed to question the effectiveness of the firewall , but it passed several free online scans with reports of all ports being not merely stealthed , but blocked . I am not much of a techie and do n't know how much outbound filtering the firewall provides ; however , the suite does prevent virus-like outbound emailing activity if you want it to . Overall , the feature set and pricing ca n't be beat . Definitely worth considering , especially if you are tired of some of the bloatware that 's out there.Update
 Trend Micro Systems Internet Security 2005 offers complete support for the low to advanced Internet User.The Virus Real time Agent is updated many times per day and is lightening , quick to act on a New Threat encountered via HTTP/S or IRC.The Scan Facility is fully flexible offering the user an unlimited range of target files and frequency and does not utilize Microsoft scheduler.The Security Scan alerts you to new updates available from Microsoft but absent from you PC so you do n't need to sign up for updates from Microsoft or constantly perform Windows/Microsoft Updates.The Spyware Scan is effective and whilst is may not catch all threats - severe threats are identified.The predefined URL filter is accurate in its ability to guard again unwanted sites by category and can offer a degree of parental control.By far the most impressive feature is the firewall component . There are 4 predefined profiles offering the basics of core protection for the type of environment from a direct connection to a wireless PC . Impressive control is offered at the file , application or global level , the direction of the source packet and includes ICMP as well as TCP/UDP/ANY targeting.Thank goodness there is no hard disk scan - if you have many applications on you hard disk they do n't automatically get granted internet access - you control ALL access by every application including the operating system in both directions and by type , IP , Port or range of above . Once set in place you wo n't SPEND YOU WHOLE LIFE administering the firewall like so many other well known products.There is NO guesswork as to allow/disallow warnings unlike other popular firewalls and you do n't need a degree in comms to decide weather to all or disallow any firewall warning . The beauty of every warning is that the actual application requesting access is identified by program Icon , application AND file . A novice user can easily identify with the program Icon requesting access and does not really need to know anything about the associated file to make an informed decision.The firewall offers compatibility with SP2 for double protection and there is WI-FI warning to advice of any unwanted access by unauthorized wireless access.The private data security is disappointing.Support ranges from exceptional for UK/Asia based to just o.k. for US based , however if you should be the victim of a New Virus , Trend Labs offers exception , non fee based analysis which a very welcome commitment to real product support and Multi user License packs are easy to purchase . There IS actual support and it is welcome by Trend Labs and you wont be sent a bill to get rid of a New Virus should you get one.A Premium based support agreement offers a guaranteed to be provided a solution to you which , is intern shared freely with the whole world.Conclusion
 This is a great product that surpases anything else that 's on the market . It 's a powerful yet easy program to use .
 This was a great learning tool for my 11 year old son that was in fith grade . State history and capitols are the focus of learning in his fith grade class . This was a great means of study for him . Fun and chalenging .
 There is a lot of variety in this program featuring Gotcha Gopher he holds the kids attention , you can build things , paint and color , follow directions and even print out what you make.great for kids 2-6 .
 This is a wonderful program for children who are just beginning to use the computer and they enjoy it after they develop this skill , too . Children as young as three can master the program . I find it is very good for my beginning kindergarten students . It gives a lot of good practice in using the computer 's pointing device . Children learn to follow directions and improve thinking skills . Plus , it is FUN !
 This is the best software purchase I have ever made ! My son is 2 1/2 years old and loves this game . In a very short time , he has learned all major colors , can count almost to ten , knows when and how to use a drill , hammer , and screwdriver , and how to follow directions -LRB- to name only a few ! -RRB- . I am a high school math and science teacher and am very picky about educational games for my children . This is a wonderful game to start with . The graphics are great , the sounds are pleasing , and the fun never ends for my child !
 This program is the favorite program in my Early childhood Special Education classroom . It is easy for the 3-5 year olds to do independently and they like how it relates to toys in the classroom . Our special favorite is the workshop where you get to hammer and drill to make a toy .
 My three year old twins had not been anywhere near a computer when we introduced them to the computer with this game . This game is so appealing to children , and easy to follow and understand . It has several clear choices of games , based on real Fisher-Price toys , which all children are familiar with . Instructions are given verbally to the kids , with the objects blinking to demonstrate at the same time . In no time at all my kids learned to move the mouse and click on the toy of choice . After the pointing and clicking was learned , minimal parental help was needed . The program continues to give verbal and visual prompts and reminders , and the set-up is clear . Since this program also has several different games to choose from , any interest or skill can be used , keeping the short attention span of children stimulated . My kids love all the choices , from the vehicles used to get from point A to point B , to baking cookies , to working with tools , to matching shapes to fill in/build an object of choice -LRB- such as a castle -RRB- , to building their own working car , to drawing or doing crafts , and on and on ... This is a fantastic program for young ones . So fun , in fact , that I now have to limit computer use !
 I bought this game for my youngest son when he first learned to use computers -LRB- 10 + years ago -RRB- and we spent many hours playing it together . It was his favorite and I never got bored playing it with him . Now , I have a granddaughter who will turn 3 next month . I bought it for her about 2 months ago and she loves it ; although , I have to help her a lot . It 's still fun , but probably more appropriate for ages 4 and up with higher level thinking skills .
 Pajama Sam 2 is a hard act to follow , and I am not surprised that the expectations formed by PS-2 were not quite met . PS-3 comes close , though , and I am happy to see my 5-year-old play this game . Pajama Sam is a wonderful role model - energetic , smart , polite , eager to help others , determined and happy to solve problems , funny , creative , and resourceful . The environment of PS-3 is just not quite as richly imagined and full of surpises as PS-2 . If you have 1 and 2 , you should get 3 , but if you are new to Pajama Sam , start with 1 and 2 .
 I think that Pajama Sam 3 is pretty good and I just love Humungous Entertanment -LRB- the company -RRB- games 'cause it 's different every time you play and I like the humor in this but like it says in my title here , great , but you know how sequels are .
 This game , as are all of the Pajama Sam games , is great ! It is humorous , educational and entertaining . The puzzels are a little harder than the first two games , but not beyond the suggested age range for the game . Both of my kids -LRB- 10 and 5 -RRB- loved it.In this game Pajama Sam has to help the peace delegates of the food pyramid get to the peace summit . The healthy foods and sweet foods ca n't seem to get along together . Some of the delegates are stuck in various predicaments and Sam has to rescue them . Sam 's off-the-wall humor is as snappy as ever.I have to admit , I also enjoyed this game and often wonder why adult games are n't this fun . I highly recommend it .
 Greetings . Last Saturday -LRB- March 25 , 2000 -RRB- , my 4-year old nephew and I went out to get `` project stuff '' -LRB- paint , glitter , etc. -RRB- to play with . IMAGINE OUR SURPRISE AND DELIGHT when we came across what was apparently the ONLY copy of Pajama Sam 3 in the store ! -LRB- How it got there ahead of the April ship date , I do n't know . -RRB- Suffice it to say , the 4-year old `` rules the roost '' , and the pocketbook , so I bought it for him and we played it that evening.Pajama Sam 3 has the same level of fun and challenge as Pajama Sam 1 . In # 3 , Pajama Sam has to find four missing peace delegates , who represent the food groups -LRB- of the food pyramid -RRB- . Maybe I 'm spoiled , but P.S. 3 did not live up to the fantastic work done on P.S. 2 . I believe it to be an excellent entry in the P.S. series , but out of 5 stars -LRB- with P.S. 2 a solid 5 -RRB- , Pajama Sam 3 gets 4.25 to 4.5 . The subject matter -LRB- the food group -RRB- seemed more of an attempt to get kids thinking about healthy eating , rather than the excitement of the chase . PLUS , there was nothing to print out once all of the 20 `` box tops '' were collected . Also , I did not notice -LRB- granted , did not look for -RRB- any additional `` side games '' , as there was in Pajama Sam 2 . Make no minstake about it , my nephew and I both loved P.S. 3 -LRB- we figured it out on the first run through , which took a total of 2.5 hours -RRB- ; but I guess I was looking for more excitement or more of a challenge.FINAL STATEMENT
 My children and I were so excited when we knew that a new Pajama Sam game had come out . My children have played it every day since we bought it and they still rave.In this new game , the Food Guide Pyramid , needs Pajama Sams help . The evil Fat and Sugars are making trouble for the good ole natural foods . So Pajama Sam takes a cool ride into the human body for an adventurous quest between good and evil.Pajama Sam and your children will learn about the difference between good food -LRB- fruits and vegetables -RRB- and junk food -LRB- cakes , cookies and chips -RRB- . As with all Humongous games , this one is filled with vibrant colors and cool sounds . There are many fun and friendly characters all throughout this enchanting game . There are different objectives each time the game is played . You can also save the game each time you play it.I recommend this game to anyone with children . It does not matter their age , they will want to play it anyway .
 This is a wonderful game , especially for the 4-6 year olds . My 4 1/2 year old has been playing this game regularly for many months . It has lots of humor , some educational aspects , games , and some of the clues are fairly difficult to figure out . I even have trouble with some . Most of the games for this age level are either too hard , too easy , or have little complexity and the kids lose interest fast . Not this one . It is our 1st Pajama Sam game and I 've already ordered 2 more . We ca n't wait to get them .
 I 've been playing the Palama Sam games with my granddaughter , neices and nephews , and we have been having a great time . I 'm 49 years old and find them interesting and they really make the kids think . They are for all ages .
 I expected my kids -LRB- 6 and 4 -RRB- would get tired of the humungous game series of role-playing games -LRB- Pajama Sam and Freddi Fish -RRB- , but they do n't ! It seems they could play them forever , even though the basic gameplay is the same for all of them . Humungous keeps things fresh by introducing new characters and puzzle types that keep the kids hooked . The story is engaging enough that one kid does n't mind watching while the other plays . But do n't be fooled by the packaging that alludes to the educational benefit of learning about food groups -- any learning that occurs will be by accident . Also , a few of the puzzles require reading skills and left my kids calling for help . All in all , a fun game that is worth the price of admission .
 If your child has played beginning level software and is ready to move on to more advanced gameplay , Humongous Entertainment 's Pajama Sam series -LRB- and Freddi Fish and Putt-Putt as well -RRB- are an excellent choice . These titles take the cognitive tasks up a notch as children must accumulate specific items , navigate a number of locations , and use their problem-solving skills to help new friends and achieve larger goals . Along the way , funny and lovable Pajama Sam will meet a number of nice characters , visit a variety of interesting locations and play mini-games as he completes the larger task of getting a representative of each food group out of a pickle so they can get to an important meeting . Along the way he will solve a lot of smaller puzzles and click on many objects that dance or act out funny events . Specifics change if you start a new game , and you will want to play with your child a few times before they 'll be able to enjoy it on their own , so each game is good for hours of fun.This is a fine game in a great series . We have all the Pajama Sam titles and enjoy them all .
 Well my miniture pajama sam complete with his little red cape loves this one . Hes three by the way . Please note the way the characters drawn and the name it could be a sam or a samantha so will appeal equally to both.You begin by finding sams cape and then away you go to mop top island -LRB- if you look closely you will see its patterned on pajama sam himself -RRB- You start at the party and dont forget to pick up the box top as you cant come back for this one . Next is the jail and before you break out remember to pick up the box top.Food is the theme and you meet some great foods as you travel around from the head to the feet and a couple of places inbetween.Some of it can be quite difficult and some reading is required in one gamepath , but guesswork could be used for the younger kids if mum or dad or an older sibling isnt about.Math is required in another gamepath so someone needs to be around to help out the younger ones.Humour is there as always and of course plenty of click points.Again four things to find and two places for each to hide . The gamepaths for the hiding places are far more similar this time but its still has plenty of replayability.In some places picking up the box top is a little difficult as they are placed a little too close to the next screen arrow . But its a challenge to get all the box tops and see the box arrive in sams mailbox.The kids loved sorting the beans and enjoy getting this game path.They also enjoy skiing down the mountain.Overall its a little harder than the first two but just as much fun .
 Great game ! He really enjoys it . Just beware that there are no instructions or at least there were not with mine so your child may need some of your guidance but it has been fun to sit and help him and us figure it out together . Very cute game and educational for them but shhhhh , do n't tell them that : o -RRB-
 This is a great game and I recommend to any parent 's child . It has a great story and theme . There is actually a food pyramid building .
 My kids , now 12 and 15 , recently found a box of all the PC games they loved when they were little , including the first 2 Pajama Sam games . They replayed everything , then decided they could n't live without PS3 , so we bought it here . It was inexpensive , it arrived quickly , and the game is just as fabulous as it was way back when . Pajama Sam games are designed for kids 3-8 , but they are good fun for anybody . They really inspire kids to be creative when solving problems , because they have to figure out each step of the game , with very little guidance . Everyone in my family highly recommends this game , as well as the other two
 pros
 I 've personally played this game when I was teaching part-time in a computer school for toddlers . I enjoyed it and so did the children . It was a gift request from 11-yr-old pupil of mine in the public school I was teaching in for coming in first place for a national drama competition .
 Pajama Sam 3 is another great addition to our collection . The games get better and better ! My 4 year old son loves all the Pajama Sam games . They are somewhat educational but mostly teach politness and friendship through helping others . But mostly they are great , clean fun ! Shipping was fast and product arrived just fine .
 This is a great game which my son -LRB- 7 -RRB- really enjoyed playing over and over again . It has four different versions to keep the child interested in playing . I found that feature awesome . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 Pajama Sam 3 is a beatifully rendered game , filled with exciting detail and lots of clickables . My only real issue is that the puzzles that must be solved are far beyond the scope of my rather intelligent 4.5-year-old . In fact , I played this game through after he went to sleep so I could help him with it tomorrow , as he was starting to get frustrated with it today . The game was challenging for ME , imagine what it is like for a four-year-old .
 I like the Pajama Sam Series , though I do like # 1 and # 2 a little better than this one . But the dancing food was a pretty funny part .
 I bought this for my grandson . He has another one I believe it 's Do n't be afraid of the Dark , or something like that . He loves them . He loves playing them . I will be buying the next one `` Thunder and Lightning are n't so frigtening '' . These games really are educational when it comes to reasoning and analytical thinking .
 I bought 2 Pajama Sam computer games for my grandson , age 6 . We ALL love the games . It took us old timers a little trial and error to get started , but once we figured it out , we loved it . My grandson was going from clue to clue fairly easily and he , too , loved it . The graphics are great and the different clues are fun to find . We still have n't completed our first game totally , but I 'm sure when the 6 year old returns for the next visit , he 'll be able to do so .
 It 's a really good game . I would n't say it 's better then Pajama Sam 2 , I 'd say it 's equal . I like the party at the beginning , but it took a long time for me to figure out how to get out . Then , I clicked on the cake because that 's where he came in , and then he ate the cake and I saw the door . At first I thought Pajama Sam was going to just leave , but then I found out he left in a different way
 we bought this about 2 years ago , and immediately my children wanted to play with it . I really love the fact that Pajama Sam 3 never gets boring , because every time you start a new game , it 's a different story ! Just because it says ` for 5-8 year olds ' , my daughter ,9 , STILL likes it from 2 years ago ! It should be ` for 5-88 year olds ' !! that 's how much fun it is !! I would definitly reccomend this to parents who have kids that are bored most of the time . This will not only give them something to do , but it will also build smarts , and logic !!
 My 7-year old autistic daughter loves this Pajama Sam 3 , at least as much as the previous 1 & 2 . She is obsessed with food , so this game has special appeal for her.The only criticism I might have is that although the `` sweets '' are really the `` bad guys '' in this game -LRB- and the veggies are the `` good guys -RRB- , it is not clear enough for young minds to appreciate this ... . the bad sweets are having so much fun , all over the place .
 In this funny sequel to Pajama Sam 1 and 2 , Pajama Sam must help the food groups get along with each other better than , currently , planning war and taking prisoners . Lots of characters each with their own personalities , cool music , cameos , romance , laughs , color , smooth graphics , and rewarding credit pictures . I 'm incredibly glad I bought this ! The puzzles are more obvious , and some are just plain silly . If you pay attention , you can figure out nearly every scene as a part of the body . Even older kids will like this game ! It has many more animations than Pajama Sam 1 and 2 , but that adds to the fun ! Buy this game !
 This is a great game - I really like it ! I like when Pajama Sam is in jail and when he takes a ride on Sprinkle . I collected 20 boxtops on the computer . I love this game !
 Pajama sam 3 was pretty good since i 've got it and i cant find granny smite ! im trying too search now on the internet for it ! well ... i figure i 'll find it soon . This game is really good for all ages . Unless you beet it . Then it ` sboring i hav n't so its fun .
 We received this game and my four year old ca n't stop playing it ! She plays by herself , and is so excited when she solves a puzzle . It says for 6 and up , but she is having no problem . It is just challenging enough to keep her entertained .
 Pajama Sam 3 is so fun , even my 15 year old friend is crazy about it ! I love traveling all over Mop Top Island on top of Sprinkle , and dealing with all the senarios that come your way . All of the different places you can travel to are delightful -LRB- except the Blubberbs ... ewwwww ! -RRB- and like many others have said , it is very humorous . I hope you buy it , because once you start playing , you DO NOT want to stop !!
 How do you rate a kids game?Simple
 Fun game . My kid likes it as well as the other Pajama Sam titles . He required a little assistance for some obscure but necessary clues , e.g. requires knowledge that a pumpkin is a gourd .
 We 've looked at most of the popular software for our four-year old daughter . For the most part , the selection and quality has been disappointing . `` Arthur 's Computer Adventure '' was a welcome departure from the poorly produced Macromedia Director numbers that other companies are selling out there . The entire product was enjoyable from start to finish . The best feature is the play while you read portion of the software that allows the kids to follow-along while the book is read , then interact with the many amusing clickable areas of the pages . Captivating , well-designed , and at the top of my recommended list .
 My 9 year-old son and my 3 year-old daughter both love this game . They play it together taking turns with different parts of it . My daughter still needs help in the store making change to buy the different clothes and some times will get frustrated when adding ingredients to make the recipes , but luckily her big brother helps her with this part . It is n't difficult , but you need to be able to count things out . The recipes ask for 3 eggs , etc so all you need to do is find the group of eggs -LRB- and there is exactly the amount the recipe asks for -RRB- and drag them into the mixing bowl . This game has several different things to do in it , both fun and educational . It is also set up like a story book so you go through different pages and click on certain objects and they do funny things . The kids LOVE that !
 My Grandchild has this marvelous game . While visiting we spent several hours playing and interacting . I was impressed with the amount of information and most of all , the fun she enjoyed while using this computer game . The characters are cute and have enough naughtiness to entertain a child . There is positive reinforcement as each level is reached . Oh , how I wish that I had been able to have the wonderful tools to use when my own children were growing up . I must add ... How important it is to have the parent 's interest and interaction , as well as the toys . So very important . . ! gramma Char
 This is my 7-year old daughter 's alltime favorite , among many CD-ROM 's we have for her now.We got it in the 3-pack version along with Little Bear 's Rainy Day Activities , and Dr. Seuss 's Kindergarten -LRB- but she loves Arthur 's Computer Adventure much more than the other two -RRB- . She will play for hours and hours , with all the little interactive surprises . She seems really proud at having discovered so many hotspots to click on , and she discovers more , even after I 'd thought I 'd found all the ones on some of the pages .
 My two boys -LRB- currently 6 and 4 -RRB- have enjoyed this game for 2 years now ... and still do ! It 's the only good `` deep dark sea '' adventure I 've found that captivates them . Plus , the other little games are good and educational too .
 i like arthurs show and books but this is my first game of arthur . i have 3 sisters and a brother so its hard to get to the computer because its always `` taken '' but this a great game and im 9 so i will complain , it could have more games and harder puzzles oh and they could work on the graphics . well mostly im gon na tell you i love it and this is my first review . overall this game is good and is fun while i have time on the computer . but get it for younger ages.bye
 I would rate this a high three or a low four on the rating scale . This is not the most educational computer game available . Some learning will happen when you play this game . It is more of a review than it is a teaching tool . However , it is more educational than just watching Arthur on tv.It is very fun and all three of my children have enjoyed playing this game.The characters on the computer game are true to the characters on the television show and the characters in the Arthur books.Enjoy
 I 'm a reading educator and highly recommend this product as a natural , enjoyable way to enter the realm of reading . Before you know it , your child will be picking out words , that is , learning vocabulary . Forget the phonics books ! USE REAL READING EXPERIENCES LIKE THIS ONE .
 This game entertains all of my kids from age 3 to 12 . Also , like all Arthur stories , the kids learn a good moral lesson through playing the game .
 Arthur 's computer Adventure is a excellent buy . My husband and I purchased it for our three and four year olds for a Christmas present . They ca n't get enough of it!The variety of activites on the disk , as well as the lovable Arthur character , make this a game that my sons ca n't put down . I especially like the fact that the game integrates a lot of critical thinking skill , as well as basic math , reading and science principles into a format that is extremely engaging for young children.This game is a must !
 My mom got me this game when I was three or four . I remember playing it for hours on end , I loved it so much . Me and my sister are very much alike , but my mom told me that I read much better then her because of this game . I LOVE it . I 'm fourteen now , and sorry to say that I 'm still addicted to it . So , while I am in the 8th grade and reading at a 11th grade level , this is still my favorite game on the universe . I recommend it to anyone .
 My 4 and 5 year old grand-daughters really enjoyed this game , especially the Store Game where you can buy articles to dress a character , count and place the correct number of coins into the cash register . If you do n't have enough , you go to a differnet screen to make items out of ingredients like for a bake sale and earn your extra coins to go back to the Store and complete your sale.Too bad though that we kept having trouble with this particular game CD only . It kept getting frozen and I would have to restart the computer . I ended up throwing it out , but plan on buying a replacement soon - hoping the new one will work better for us .
 My 3 and half year old loves this game . I 've showed him twice how to use it , and since then he 's using it by himself .
 My 5 year old grandson loves this game . He likes to make money so he can buy things at the store . He likes to go diving . A few other activities on this game . I like it because it keeps his attention after he finishes peeling potatoes and I need to finish making the rest of supper .
 This product is great if you know the basics of French and want to perfect your pronunciation . It has been very helpful for me in my studies of the French language .
 I started using this program after i learned a little bit of French . This is the best of 3 other ones i tried . It starts out with very small basic talk . Then it takes you into intermediate conversation at the end . maybe it 's easier for me because it 's my fifth language , but i just ordered two more copies because they make awesome gifts . The only reason i did n't give it V starts was because it only had 4 major conversation -LRB- long ones -RRB- I wish it had more .
 If you really want to learn French , this is one of the multimedia tools you can use . I lets you learn words , record them and listen back .
 There are so few Chinese language software products on the market at all that something is better than nothing . That said , this software is n't so bad . It 's not really graduated in such a way that you can start as a beginner and advance to higher and higher levels -- instead you probably should speak a tiny bit of Chinese already and think of using this software to keep your Chinese up . The videos are cool , and the proununciation playback feature is cool , too .
 Okay , first of all I should say that I use version 7.0 on Windows 95 . I have very few problems with it , and it never crashes . A lot of people are complaining about version 8.0 crashing . I would n't know about that.The main thing is , I 've been using this software to study Chinese for almost a year now , and I 'm only halfway through the program ! It is an excellent program that I highly recommend . My Chinese friends have shown surprise at how much I know , and have remarked repeatedly on how good my pronunciation is.Working with the program will get good results , but it takes discipline . I study for about 45 minutes 3 times a week . Here is the study program that I recommend :1 . Listen , read , and speak through 2 of the main sections , or about 80 segments .2 . Play each of the 5 games 3 times . For `` Plug and Play '' , play it 5 times instead . And just play `` Vocabulous '' 1 time .3 . Do this 3 times per week.A lot of people doing reviews are complaining about the lack of Chinese character teaching with this software . I think this is ridiculous . Chinese characters are very complicated . Even Chinese children learn to speak Chinese before they learn to read it . To introduce characters while trying to learn basic Chinese would be overwhelming . Instead , the program uses the internationally-used Pinyin system . This system is logical and easy to use . Nowadays a lot of Chinese people learn it too . So do n't think that by not memorizing a bunch of characters you are not getting `` authentic '' Chinese . There will be time to study that later after you learn the language.There are two things about the software that could use some improvement . First of all , the `` videos '' are not really videos . They are pictures that they show on the screen . They usually have very little to do with the language.Second , the program does not teach tongue position for pronunciation . This is critical , and I would not have learned it unless I had studied a college textbook from Princeton University that covers it . The difference between the q , x , ch , z , zh , t , r , and c sounds are very important and are not particularly covered in this course.In spite of its shortcomings , I do highly recommend this software . It is easy to use . It uses native speakers . The sound is clear . The Pinyin is easy to understand . And with a little self-discipline , the program can work wonders .
 First of all , it DOES work under Windows 2000 and I 've never experienced a single crash . Second , there is a strategy to the exercises . The repitition and tools for marking words you do n't know are good . Just listen to the dialogs until you become comfortable with what is being said.I 've found it extremely helpful . It 's no substitute for an instructor , but is a strong supplement.Overall , it 's the best Mandarin Chinese tool available . I recommend it .
 This is n't so much for beginners , but it 's pretty fun praticesoftware and great for help with pronunciation . The videos are a neatfeature , too . I 'd say you should have done at least two semesters of German in college or so before this would be something for you -- but then it 's one of the only options on the market for more-advanced German students since so much that 's out there is for total beginners .
 This is not a program for those who want a grammar based way to learn a language . Actually I do n't have version 8 but I have version 7 . I think their concept is the same , though-learn language through conversation practice , not grammar exercises . If you have had some Spanish and want to improve your speaking abilities , this is a good program for you , but if you have never had Spanish and would like to understand grammar concepts , this program will not provide a chapter based grammar , learning program .
 I surfed the internet for language software . It was a soupy mess ! GAZILLIONS to choose from !! In the end , after reading different reviews I decided to buy this one . It is NOT the kind of language learning where you memorize nouns by nouns and verbs by verbs which is just too monotonous ! . This program is like jumping in without checking how the water is first . . The way REAL people talk . . how you would talk back . And it is NOT intimidating at all ; I mean , how great to talk to your computer all alone on a Wednesday night with nobody to hear how bad you are ? An example of how this software works
 I am trying to learn to speak spanish at home and I find this program to be a great tool for learning to pronounce words and sentences . I listen to the native speaker while watching the sentence on the screen then speak the sentence into the microphone provide with the program . The computer uses a voice pattern to show me how my sentence compares to the native speaker . I can slow the speaker down if needed and I can compare various aspects of my recorded sentence with the native speaker . There are games and other helpful activities included with the program . I really enjoy this program
 With more than 10,000 words , hundreds of useful phrases,full-motion , big-picture video , and allll pronunciation by native speakers , this CD-ROM is the closest thing you can have to your own personal Spanish tutor.I am so impressed by Spanish Now ! 8.0 that I would gladly purchase any updates they may issue , this resource is that good . If you search hard , you will be able to find it on sale along with a rebate.The best feature is the record and play back , which greatly aids in that all important mastery of pronunciation.This CD is excellent as a `` stand alone '' resource for those learning on their own , or it can be an excellent supplement to anyone studying the language formally .
 First of all an excellent learning tool . I use it in my car . VERY few tracks and very frustrating . I like and need to find and replay parts repeatedly . But , they are hard to find because of the long tracks . I have to hold my finger on the FastForward or Reverse on my car stereo and it 's not fast . They need to shorten the tracks without question .
 I got this CD before I had learned anything in Portugese , not even hello . It was scary . Total immersion was just not going to cut it for the complete novice . I got the Living Language book/cassette combo , went through that , THEN this CD became useful . The CD is overall a pretty nice set-up . It has video , pictures , read along , and you can even record your own voice -LRB- which just confirmed how much practice I need -RRB- . There are a few long passages you can listen to while watching the pictures roll by and/or while reading the words . The passages are interesting to , about The samba , and Rio de Janiero . Not your typical `` Oi , tudo bem ? This is still a beginners CD , but once you have finished a beginners book/cassette , it will make a world of difference , and the immersion wo n't be quite as scary .
 When I first downloaded this program onto my computer , I felt overwhelmed . The directions were not clear and there were so many areas to explore , I did n't know where to begin . However , as I began to learn how to work the program I found it to be an extremely useful tool to learn Portuguese . Not only can I practice my pronunciation of Portuguese words , but I can also close my eyes and listen to a native speaker to test my listening comprehension . Also , I can play a game to pratice my language skills as well ! If you are serious about learning Portuguese I highly recommend you purchase this program . Yes , it 's confusing in the beginning ... however as time passes you will find it one of your most useful means to learn the language . I enjoy using the program and although I 've owned it now for 5 months , I still have many areas to explore on the CD . However , keep in mind if you are a serious student of Portuguese this program is not the only tool you will need to learn the language . I recommend buying a great dictionary and grammar book to understand how the language works -LRB- this CD has hints about Portuguese grammar , but does not explain it in detail -RRB- . If you purchase the books and the program , you will learn portuguese without a tutor or teacher ! I 'm already testing my language skills by reading articles on Portuguese websites . Thanks to this program , other tools , and my weekly -LRB- almost daily -RRB- study habits I can understand much of what I read !
 This program is fair but it does n't cut learning portuguese just by itself only because it does n't have a good grammar program . I bought the 501 portuguese fully conjegated verb book and an english to portuguese pocket dictionary along with this program . With these three things , you will kick at learning portuguese ! This program gives you an A + way to speak portuguese and hear native people speak it and how you should dictate your accent . It shows how to write portuguese as well . It is easy and fun to use . With a dictionary , you will be able to expand your vocabulary , and with the verb book , you will know the proper grammer and tenses for a ton of verbs . All together , these three things pack a punch and are the dream combination . Remember , you get a ... dollar rebate on this program , and if you can find an online coupon for ... dollars off , for amazon , you already have a ... dollar discount . Get the program , the dictionary , and the verb book and you will really excell at portuguese . Trust me , you will not be disappointed . This combo of items is a must but if you want the super deluxe combo so you can go all the way with 100 percent full comprehension of the language , get these 3 items as well as the living language cassetes . If you take my advice I guarantee you will have a fun , enjoyable , and successfull expierience . It really works ! Take my advice ! Cheers and Obrigado !
 I was utterly impressed with this product . What I like the most is the easy-to-read pronounciation meter with friendly indications like `` Keep trying '' . Just imagine
 I 'm a beginer . I was overwhelmed by the vast amount of sentences in Portuguese . It was hard to get in the program . I could not have fun . I was frustrated . But as I progress in grammar and vocabulary using other book , everything began to make sense.This is a good program because you 'll know right pronounciation from every sentenses in this program . The only problem is you ca n't learn grammer effectively because it provides little information on grammer .
 LanguageNow ! 's total immersion technique , in a very attractive format , gets you going immediately . From the beginning , you are presented with short sentences from one of several simple narratives . The English translation is below . You read the Latin and simultaneously listen to it , and repeat it back with the included microphone . -LRB- I like my own Bestbuy earphone/mike set -RRB- . You can do this with the whole phrase , or one word at a time , over and over if necessary , and there is a slow-it-down feature which I always use , 'cause I 'm slow . There are `` Pronunciation Meters '' you can use to visually analyze your speech patten compared to the speaker in the program . There is grammar information down in the corner if desired , and ganes and other features too numerous to discuss here . The heart of the matter is
 As a teacher , I was pleased to see an easy to use format that teaches inductively . It also has the added bonus of including the first book of Cambridge Latin which is widely used in high schools . Would be very helpful to a new Latin student .
 Thias game is a lot of fun !! The cross-word puzzles are really fun !!! Whar ever you pay for this game is really worth it !! My only complaint is the game is a little bit slow .
 this helps alot . it gives you more latin then you will ever need . it is neat talking in latin to friends since people around dont know what your saying . it is neat learning the language of ancient romans and the catholic church . you should reall y buy this . it is excellent !
 I have been trying to learn Irish for a couple of years now . This is the fourth program I have tried . Finally , I found a program that gives me the correct pronunciation for each word -LRB- a big deal since Irish does n't follow English phonetic rules -RRB- . This CD gets you talking in sentences that you can actually use . The program is easy to use and comprehensive . I am very happy with this product .
 I have used Transparent Language programs for a number of years , and am very happy with the product.Since Gaelic Now ! is a computer program , it is a good idea to spend a few minutes reading the manual or using the built in help file . The menues are clear , and the system is easy to use.In the Transparent Language system , you open a title on a CD . The text shows on the screen , along with a smooth English translation , a transliteration of the Irish text , and a grammatical analysis of each word and phrase . You can hear the phrases spoken at conversational speed , at slow speed , and word by word . Using your PC microphone , you can record yourself pronouncing the words , and compare your pronounciation with a native speaker 's . Once you have the Transparent Language engine installed , you can purchase additional titles in many languages at beginning , intermediate , and advanced levels . I have used the system extensively for studying French and Spanish , and I also have titles in German , Italian , Russian , Latin , and Gaelic.At rebated price , this is an outstanding bargain for a great educational tool . But remember , this is a learning program , and you have to do your end of the work too . You can only get out of it what you put into it .
 I can say best method of learning a foreign language may be to travel in a crowded bus ! Perhaps you need some companions , like traditional books or tape based courses ; neverthless , it can move to proficiency , and fluent speaking .
 My 50 year old husband decided he wanted to try and learn to speak some Italian . I bought Italian now for Christmas and he 's really enjoying it . However , I was shocked to find my three sons , ages , 11 , 10 & 8 also love it . It 's turned into a family fun time trying to see who can enunciate the words better on the meter scale .
 I hesitated to buy this series because version 7 had such BAD reviews . They must have improved with version 8 . This is great practice . Using the speaker , you get constant feedback at how well you are pronouncing the words . You can see it in various ways - your tone , accent , pitch , etc. . But I must mention that this is n't for the absolute beginner . You do n't actually learn proper sentence structure , etc. . YOu MUST first take a class or learn through the various language tapes . I had taken a semester of Italian in college and prior to that briefly skimmed the Living Language Audio cassettes . The software is simply a tool to PRACTICE what you 've learned.There are a variety of lessons
 What a great way to learn a new language ! I 've had the product only 3 days and I am already speaking Italian ! not great Italian , but nonetheless Italian!Transparent takes a different approach to teaching a foreign language . By immersing you in Italian dialog , survival phrases and games , you pick up the language very quickly . Perhaps the only downfall was the inability to lookup English words in Italian . However , this does NOT detract from the outstanding presentation!Buono lavoro Trasparente !
 The past years I have tried to learn Italian I bought books and books , but they never seem to work . Then I bought Italian Now and already I know how to say complete paragraphs in Italian.I do recomend it , but not to kids 12 and younger . Ciao :-RRB- !
 I bought this because I wanted to learn Russian because Alina Kabayeva and Alexei Namov are both russians . It 's hard at fist but you get use to it if you take the recommrended 15mins aday . If you are going to give up on it do n't even , but if you are serious take a chance on it .
 I bought this course because I needed to be able to read text as well as hold conversations.The program has four basic parts to it with the main portion being fundamental Russian . The basic presentation is straight forward with text in Russian and English displayed with audio in Russian . There are also games and some nice multi-media in the other portions of the software.The course builds up a fairly good vocabulary and the use of proper grammar is taught through out the Fundamental Russian portion of the course . There are many features which help you learn pronounciation such as the ability to record your voice and compare your wave , pitch loudness and fricatives to the native speakers ' , as well as listen to your pronouciation and the native speakers in alternating playback.It also provides a Speech correctness meter which give you some idea of how you are doing.Some of the audio and diction is n't as clear as I would like , but perhaps that more closely approaches `` real world '' conditions.This is n't a `` listen and learn '' but it is a very good time if you can spend some time in front of your PC each night . You should be able to speak Russian fairly well and as a valuable plus , read in Russian , up to the limits of your vocabulary ...
 This CD rom provides you with an indepth teaching of the Russian language . It is user friendly , and it is created in such a way that it prevents the user from getting too intimidated by this new language . The native speaking part is extremely useful , it allows you to compare your pronounciation with the actual one . An absorbing product , highly reccomended for anyone who is interested in picking up Russian .
 This is a very good program to learn Russian in because it gives you the benifit of being able to instantly hear what you are looking at . Not only that but you get instant translations and full dialog on one screen . You can `` bookmark '' certain words , or write down thoughts that occur to you as you learn . It 's a very good program and will help you learn quickly if you get into it . Learning a language is not ` easy ' , but it does n't have to be the most difficult thing in the world either . This program is the best aid I 've had in my studies of Russian so far .
 I have the complete system of Russian from Transparent Language , since they offer `` A + '' and a translation dictionary , too ! The entire system is integrated , and while you are studying you can look up a word in the optional dictionary and it will pronounce it in Russian for you . `` A + '' is another additional system for this software , and it only adds to the value of the experience by giving you lessons in relative order , augmenting everything . I have done extensive repeat business with this company and they stand behind their product one hundred percent . If you have any problems with the software they will take care of it-but I never had any problems ! Whenever I ordered optional software packages from them it arrived in a few days , and any problems I had installing were promptly handled by their tech people . I can not recommend this system , in all languages , in addition to Russian , strongly enough . In the `` Big Four '' of Spanish , French , Italian and German , they offer an even more thorough system with a book ; it gives you the equivalent of a year 's study in the language . I speak Spanish , French , and now , Russian , in addition to my native English . Go with this system ! I can not praise it highly enough !
 This was excellent . I was able to learn English from this program from my native Russian , and this is a good thing . Whoever made this must be very intelligent . Those of you reading this must buy it . Whoever set this web site up is also very intelligent , for they have made it possible for me to learn English . For this they should be commended . Learn Russian , it is a good language to know , even if you do not live in Russia . This I know . I can be reached at tovarischwoofwoof@yahoo.com or on the Yahoo Instant Messenger service as tovarischwoofwoof . Thank you for reading this .
 I got this for my 14th birthday , and for the first day , I was worried it waste of money , but I assure it 's not . The best way to start -LRB- I think anyway -RRB- is to go to the fundamental , and go part one , part two , part three ... It 's long and slow , but if your as serious about learning Russian as I am , you 'll get it . -LRB- Once the basics are learned , understanding it is a lot easier so later on when your trying to memorize things , it wo n't be so hard -RRB- But if your still not sure you want to learn Russian , do n't bother buying it . Russian is hard ! With a whole new alphabet . if you just want to learn a second language , go for Spanish or something .
 SystemWorks 2003 with Personal Firewall includes AntiVirus , Firewall , Ad blocking , Popup blocking , and MUCH more . It scans all of my incoming and outgoing email for viruses and lets me decide if I want certain programs to access the Internet . I like this package far more than the McAfee package -- it is more user-friendly and allows me to customize settings so that I wo n't block things that I want to allow . The popup blocking and selective ad blocking also save me time - I get the popups that I want -LRB- i.e. , when I click on a link that opens in another window automatically -RRB- but not the ones that I do n't . A free year of liveupdates also makes sure I 'm current with my virus protection .
 great for all protection . from children , hi-jackers , spam and ad ad blocking plus firewall
 This should be the first program all new computers should have . Or old ones . IT 'S A MUST !!! Over the course of 5 years since I 've subscribed to SystemWorks -LRB- their Win Doctor and Anti-virus is included -RRB- has saved my butt many , many times . And always buy the upgrades for two reasons 1 -RRB- You always get more and the latest than what you pay for , especially if 2 -RRB- you 're a repeat customer already
 I bought this bundle because my computer was acting very strangely , and I am not a computer wizard . I had heard , though , that when your computer starts doing strange things , you need to consider Trojan Horse invasions or viruses.I put the Personal Firewall on first and felt much more secure , but it did slow my computer down significantly . A few days later I installed the Systemworks and thoroughly cleaned and tuned my hard drive . I was able to easily delete huge amounts of unused and unwanted software that came preloaded on my computer , defragment , optimize , remove internet clutter , and a few unwanted cookies . My computer is now faster than it ever has been , and I feel very secure with it.Security is important to me because I do all my banking and investing on-line . Speed is less important , but still makes life more pleasant . The combination of these programs provides both in a very user-friendly format . If you can use a computer at all , you can use these programs .
 This is the best 3d program out there for its price range . Sure there are many better programs out there , but you need a second or third mortgage to purchase them . There are so many improvements to v6 compared to the previous versions its mind boggling . I suggest checking out Newtek 's home page for a detailed list . One thing that i noticed the most , is that it is much easier to use than its predicessor . Many functions have been simplified . There are numerous hotkeys added which save you a lot of time hunting around for a certain function . If you are serious about 3d , i really recommend this program !
 Amazing 3D animation software package . However you 'll need an NT based Windows like NT4 or 2000 . Many features like radiocity -LRB- indirect light reflection -RRB- , Hyper Voxels , cartoon-alike render plug-ins etc. . Modeler and scene creation are not in 1 application -LRB- thank god ! -RRB- The price is relative low . Still wondering why TV series like star trek and movies use Lightwave ? :-RRB- Try it yourself . A must for 3D animators and fanatics.Recommended system for optimal enjoyment
 Newtek took it 's time to deliver a substantial upgrade , but this baby was worth the wait . It would take a number of pages for me to list the improvements in detail so I will only list one crucial advancement . Simplicity for the EXPERIENCED LIGHTWAVE USER . However , if you are a beginner and rely upon the included manuals , I wish you luck . But then again , that 's true with just about every version . If you are a beginner , I suggest taking a class , buying the video tutorials or surf the net for on-line tutorials from the professionals -LRB- some are better than others . -RRB-
 This Lightwave 3D is an awesome program and it is very good for everything . < :o-RRB- The price is equal to what it is worth .
 If someone buys this program for personal use . . HE/SHE is AN idiot . -LRB- sorry -RRB- just download it ... . lol . ... . or somewhere like that.Glad to help .
 This software does what it is suppose to do . It takes scanned text and converts it to editable text . I have never seen a piece of software so inexpensive that actually works!Better yet , it can auto-detect zones . The software knows where the graphics are and where the text are . I love it because I do not want to do that myself.I would rate that the Optical Character Recognition is the closest to 100 % perfect ! The best results come from grayscale 300 dpi settings.I would recommend this to anyone .
 We use this softwear at our office very frequently . Error rate when scanning text is about 1 % , which is not so bad compared to other OCR scanning programs . I recommend it .
 This virtual tour gives the user an idea of the art contained in the Musee d'Orsay . There are varieties of artists including Manet , Monet and Van Gogh . Some of the features included are commentaries on the works presented , an idea of the scale of the work -LRB- blissfully in metric -RRB- , sometimes descriptions of the techniques employed by the various artists and occassionally commentaries by critics in the period of the artist.The most dissappointing aspect was my difficulty in setting a Windows 98 operating system to work with this tour . The QTW.INI file required modifications not listed in the README file . In order to make this work on my computer , I had to change the line for OPTIMIZE to equal BMP . This was most frustating.However , when I finally got this to work the results were fantastic . Perhaps the developers should make a DVD version as with the Louvre .
 A visit with the CD-ROM `` Musee d'Orsay
 How wonderful it is to be able to make a virtual visit , which is so informative and enjoyable . You have different choices in approaching such a treasure of art works from 1841 to the 20th century . You can always go to Summary and pick a certain period or movement . You can also follow chronology , or the index in alphabetical order . Always come back to Navigation and make your selection . All the works carry narrated comments . Many have `` scale '' -LRB- indicating the proportion of any part of the painting , `` magnify '' for seeing any part in greater details , `` reviews '' and the very interesting `` animation '' that relates the work of art to its background and other paintings . Some also have thematic narratives , such as `` Ideal nudes and stripped bodies '' , `` Outdoors '' , `` Salons and exhibitions '' ... You can click `` light '' for sculptures and different areas will become brighter . -LRB- This function does not seem to be so useful . -RRB- A tabulated list of available features for each item , including the topics for `` narratives '' would be helpful . Use Visit to get a physical sense of the Museum or to prepare for actually visiting the Museum . The music selection is pleasing . Overall , this is a very rewarding CD .
 This is `` THE COMPILER '' . Easy , ANSI C++ , really visual , reliable and stable and incredibly fast . It does COM better than Microsoft , can you believe that ? Kudos to Borland for this excellent state of the art development tool.And for those Microsoft freaks . . this is better . . Muchhhhhh better than Microsoft . Thumbs up Borland .
 Having used both Visual C++ and C++ Builder to create a program with databases , interface + calculations routines , I have to conclude that C++ Builder is the only chose for a serious programmer . It is very easy to create a interface and the adding of databases to handle user input + databases with +10000 constants is a not any problem . The calculations routines have been put into homemade VCL components for easy re-use . Next door is my colleague working with Visual C++ , and I fell sorry for him .
 OK , maybe it was n't * my * money but I wo n't hesitate to continue recommending to employers and clients that they procure this product for Windows software development . A number of salient points have been made about this product in other reviews here , so I 'll limit comments to issues that have n't been fully addressed . The on-line help for this version of the product is separated distinctly into two different references ... one for Borland interface routines , and another for Windows SDK/API . The product allows you to freely utilize from either or both as your requirements dictate ; I am finding the mixing/matching approach to my current development both painless and convenient . In the past , I have not been enthusiastic about utilizing Borland Classes of C++ facilitation , but I 've come to the point with this product that it 's just too compelling and simple not to increasingly utilize what 's offered . A case in point would be the introduction of graphics into a chosen area of the screen . In previous versions of the product , I stuck to the typical Windows methods in what amounted to fifteen or so lines of code . Using the supplied Borland TClass constructs , it now takes about four lines . I found the migration from previous versions of Borland to this one relatively painless considering that I 'm making the jump from primarily C-based code to primarily C++ facilitated code purely to take advantage of the assistance Borland provides for previously tedious Windows programming . Another reviewer pointed out that if you 're not already a competent Windows programmer , this product wo n't be the way to become one . I would continue to agree with this -LRB- in addition to the fact that this has been the case from the first day Win3 .0 hit the streets ... so do n't take it too personally that it 's not like opening up FrontPage and cranking out a web page -RRB- . I enjoy that the old Resource Workshop , while still invokable as a separate program , has to some degree been incorporated into the primary IDE , so you have instant access to all of your program 's forms -LRB- ie. , dialog boxes etc. -RRB- in a more integrated association with your code than in the old days . I especially enjoy the inclusion of InstallShield 's development process in this distribution . There are a number -LRB- ie. , four CD 's worth -RRB- of additional freebees -LRB- or demos -RRB- that I have n't really explored yet , but from what I 've seen thus far , you 're best off browsing these disks when you 're connected to the web ; the packages appear to attempt connections with their own home pages in a number of cases . In all , I am very highly satisfied with what I got in return for the money and I wo n't hesitate to continue recommending it . I 'm giving it 5 stars simply because I do n't really see what they could have done further short of coming here and writing my code for me .
 I started out developing in C++ with Builder 3 which I also thought was a great product , and still use it on my old Sharp laptop . I also enjoy using VC , but Builder is clearly the superior product . There is one thing that concerns me though . If you are new to C++ Windows programming , beware
 I 'm a self-taught novice programmer , so these comments are not geared towards for the experts.Borland 's C++ Builder is light years ahead of MS Visual C++ -LRB- which is an extremely painful programming environment -RRB- . C++ Builder is like Visual Basic for C++ . It 's really easy to learn , and I 've been able to get results very quickly.The only problem with C++ Builder is the lack of documentation . Borland is obviously not the market leader , consequently it 's harder to find helpful , intelligent C++ Builder books than it is to find books for VB , Access , VC , ASP , SQL or other programming languages.Several reference books that are essential
 For those of us coming from the MS world , C++ Builder does for C++ what Visual Basic did for Basic years ago . This is an excellent package . It 's far easier to work with than Microsoft 's Visual C++ . The only problem is that there is not a lot of documentation on the market for C++ Builder . `` C++ Builder How-To '' by the Waite Group Press is very good , but does n't go into enough depth.You wo n't regret getting this one .
 Over the years I 've developed software solutions professionally using various C/C + + development enviornments . I 've written DOS applications with MSC , Turbo C , and Windows applications with Visual C++ and C++ Builder . When the Windows operating system replaced DOS , programming became tedious . A programmer had to keep up with a lot of details that literally sucked the joy out of programming . C++ Builder relieves the programmer of the Windowing details and allows the programmer to focus on the project at hand . C++ Builder has put the joy back in C/C + + program development . You can keep MSVC + + . Until Microsoft developes true visual GUI C/C + + programming -LRB- like their excellent VB environment -RRB- , I 'll stear clear of them .
 c++ builder is fully ansi compliant up to the latest standards . it uses a vcl language to make windows programming extremely easy while keeping the ability to do anything you want . if there is something you find you can not do in vcl , just write it using the windows API just like it is vcl code . c++ builder also supports mfc if you choose to install it . why choose visual c++ that only supports mfc , when you can get c++ builder which supports both vcl and mfc ?
 I give the fifth start rate , but I dont know how is the book . Just only overview , If I know more detail maybe I can give you more accurate rate . If it 's posible can you sent me more detail about this book .
 I 've bought Rome , Caesar 's Will recently and wanted to share a few things with you out there.I have been playing games for quite a while now . In fact , I remember inserting those gigantic floppy discs at the time when an Apple IIE was a force to be reckoned with ... Like everyone , i 've -LRB- and still do occasionally -RRB- enjoyed the shoot 'em all and RPG games but I tend to find the Adventure games more mind boggling than the average blast it all game . With Rome , -LRB- i had never encountered that feature in a game !! -RRB- you can access many jargon free files describing the Roman world at this time -LRB- 45 BC -RRB- , its economy , politics , religion , everyday life , a bio of the characters -LRB- who really existed like Cleopatra or Brutus !! -RRB- and some pratical info to help you with your investigation . That comes in real handy as you have to choose your behavior with tricky people like Mark Antony -LRB- fellow Historians there will know what i 'm taking about ! -RRB- . And no , this is not like eating a dozen encyclopedia , the info is really user-friendly and a pleasure to go through.More , the Roman scenes encountered in the explorations are beautifully portrayed , researched to be historically accurate -LRB- i 've checked on a few things - :-RRB- -RRB- and alone are worth the price of the program . I 've found the animation good even though the characters get a bit blocky at times . The plot quickly becomes totally involving , you 're not just a by-stander , so it 's easy to become addicted !! I had to pay the price on a few mornings !! So i 'll recommend it for murder-mystery buffs and adventure fans . More , needless is to say that if you have an opened eye for Roman history ... When 's the next episode coming up ?
 Anyone have any ideas how to get this to install on Windows XP ?
 This CD-ROM is a veritable encyclopedie of the aviation world . One discovers to it the history of harmony , with the temoignage of the scientists which drew the plane . A very very interesting history of the air companies and workshops interactive to understand how them flight . it is a history of our country , but there is plenty of fact about european aircraft . My son liked itJohn batspad
 Borland C++ Bulder 5 focuses on three basic needs of sofware developers ; rapid application development , enterprise tools and reusable code . The comprehensive collection of components is an effective aid to rapid development . Overall , , Borland C++ Builder 5.0 is a excellent product for small developers through to major enterprises . Borland C++ Bulder has excellent support for corba and com , it is compatible with visual C++ and it has a good compile speed . I think Borland C++ Builder 5 is a good challenger to visual C++ .
 This is an excellent combination for the professional and hobby Web designer . FrontPage 2000 is so easy to use , even my 11-year old can now design professionally looking Websites . And there are so many features within FP and all of them are easy to implement . While with other programs it may take hours and lots of code knowledge , in the case of FrontPage it 's click and paste and you can do the work in minutes and it 's actually fun . Sure , there are some limitations , but other software can cost a multiple of this Microsoft package and with these other software packages usually you have to learn Html code , etc. and these are not as efficient as FrontPage . Overall , FrontPage offers a lot of possibilities and if you integrate PhotoDraw it expands your creative possibilities even further . At first I did n't like PhotoDraw that much as I was used to Adobe applications , but as I learned to use PhotoDraw I figured out many of the features and it was fairly easy to create exciting graphics . PhotoDraw allows you to create animated Gifs , rollover effects and it has also a number of Web graphics that can be specified to your own liking . While new users may have to get used to PhotoDraw , once the basic steps and features are understood , which is not that difficult to learn , PhotoDraw becomes a fun tool and in the combination with FrontPage your graphics will shine as an excellent application on your Website . People always ask me how we created this feature and that effect , and with other software it would take a long time to write all this code , but with FrontPage and PhotoDraw it can be done in minutes and in a snap . You may also want to buy a few books to learn both programs with its more sophisticated applications more quickly , which can be learned in a weekend .
 The combination of FrontPage and PhotoDraw is almost unbeatable . Sure , you can spend tons of money on more sophisticated packages and you can also spend a lot more time learning them . But if your goal is to get a site up and running quickly then this suite is the way to go.As a web designer myself , most customers are happy with the results I give them using just these two packages alone . I would recommend some good books to go with them but this package is worth the money .
 Hi , I use all web design tools everyday . But my favourite is FrontPage 2000 and for graphic work I strongly recommand PhotoDraw 2000 Version 2 . In todays fast paced world only fastest person can survive in design industries . Front Page 2000 and Photo Draw 2000 version 2 can increase your productivity and creativity like anything and that too withou knowing anythign about html or coding . PhotoDraw -LRB- Guess how this name is derived ? ... yes , you guessed right ... combination of two big names -RRB- can do two work Photo Editing and Drawing ... . so you do not need to learn two different product . PhotoDraw is so easy , you will be surprised to see you creating 3D roll overs and animation in seconds ... FrontPage 2000 is complete software . Even you can connect you database on site . -LRB- This feature is not available with any other same level rival product -RRB- With FrontPage you can connect live data on web site , that too withou knowing anything about database programme or ASP ... . Yes you even do not need to know what ASP is . Onely one line : - You do not need to type single line for coding to master FrontPage 2000 . Hasit Dave hasitdave@yahoo.com
 This CD-ROM is easy to install , simple to operate , and lovely to look at and listen to . The producers -LCB- MONTPARNASSE MULTIMEDIA -RCB- have doen a very commendable job with this . Each of 12 scenes gives biblical narration , paintings , commentary , related scens -LCB- which all together are close to 100 -RCB- textual comparisons , analysis , and discovery , which enables you to explaore the various parts or symbols of each scene -LCB- for Lazaraus , for examole , Martha and Mary can be reserached , with reaLTED scenes -RSB- For a CDROM neophyte -LCB- as I am -RCB- , this is an excellent introduction . Not a bad way to intrduce children to Jesus in art and word , either . Very nicely done
 The editorial reviews have given us a good idea of this CD-Rom . So I 'll just add a brief review . You can always expect a high standard of production from Montparnasse Multimedia though the design and navigation of this one is not as smooth , informative and interesting as the more recent `` Musee d'Orsay '' or `` The Hermitage Museum '' . The analysis of the paintings and commentaries are too brief and not too enlightening.The basic `` 12 scenes '' are
 My mother , who grew up with opera , absolutely loves this product . She says that not only does it bring back old memories , but it shows all the important things about the different operas . According to her , this opera miracle does n't leave anything out , and even I was amazed at some of the opera parts I heard . Thanks to this product , my entire family is now officially opera fans ! Thank you Montparnasse Multimedia !
 I think this is the best cd rom for opera lovers and those who are learning about opera . You enjoy the images as well as the audio and it is fun to browse around any opera , libretto or composer review .
 MapPoint 's biggest selling point is how easy it can be integrated with Excel or Access to crossreference demographic and business statistics . If nothing else , you can easily use it as an encyclopedia of US demographic traits by state , county , ZIP code or census tract , conveniently downloadable into an Excel spreadsheet . If your work entails collecting and analyzing raw data with Excel , MapPoint can be a very powerful tool . However , MapPoint 's use is limited in creating visually appealing , customizable maps -LRB- ostensibly its primary purpose -RRB- . The inability to fully customize a map 's presentation , and particularly the colors , is a real drawback . The program features a limited number of color schemes for presenting data . There is no way to remove county names and other labels even from the less-cluttered `` Data Map '' option so as to create a `` data-only '' map . Perhaps a more difficult problem for the advanced user is the inability to create completely accurate maps at levels other than those included in the standard package -LRB- such as cities and towns -RRB- or to define your own territories and boundaries .
 I 've read the other reviews and it 's true that you ca n't remove the any of the label layers . A bit frustrating . But if you 've ever struggled with the awkward interface of , e.g. , BusinessMap Pro , you 'll be postively delighted with its ability to map data by zip and demography . And the interface with Excel and Access is fluent . Try that with Business Map Pro . True , the heavy corporate user might not find it as helpful , but then even they would have to be stuck with the heavy and obsolete DOS based naming conventions that make BusinessMap Pro so difficult . In addtition , you get that great MS support . I 've called ESRI -LRB- BusinessMap Pro -RRB- tech support three times in the last 10 days and left messages asking for some help and still have n't had a response ! -LRB- Incidentally , you 'll never get a recording with MS tech support . -RRB- What can I say ? MS does it again . In about a year or two they 'll have even the few obstacles overcome as usual . I 'd like to give this a 4.5 but the rating system wo n't let me ; and I do that in light of what is available by MS competitors in this price range . If you want to spend lots more , of course you can do better .
 What I like about this cd is that you can focus Paris in different way . The intellectual , bohemic , the academic , the leisure one . It can fix your type . It does not matter if you have never been to Paris , or if you has lived there you can learn something new and amazing as the underground Paris , like the caf&eacute;s that are famous in a lot of motion pictures , the art deco architecture , etc. . It is very interactive and I can spend hours in it . I like a lot the Montparnasse House in how they presents viewing and art subjects . Paris is a museum by itself so enjoy it .
 Museum-goers and art lovers will find hours of fun and learning in this program ; the quality of the graphics is spectactular , and one truly realizes the sheer genius and scope of Michelangelo 's work by seeing much of it collected in one reference . A great , interactive complement to books on the subject , and though it 's no substitute for seeing the works in person , if you 're like me , this may be the closest you 're likely to get for awhile . Highly recommended .
 You can in general expect high quality productions from Montparnasse Multimedia . `` Musee d'Orsay '' , `` The Louvre Museum '' and the `` Hermitage Museum '' supersede this one in the wealth of data , versatility and technical designs . But `` Michelangelo '' is a very satisfying CD for art lovers . From the entrance summary chart you can select four routes
 Services for Netware 5.0 by Microsoft is a very simple and easy to use program . Once installed , my Netware connections were easily configured and connected . GREAT PRODUCT .
 GIT really did a fine job with these comic collections . Too bad Marvel is now going totally online and wo n't let anyone have the actual comics in hand anymore . * sigh * Oh , well -- but if you can get it used -LRB- or from GIT -RRB- , go for it . It 's definitely worth the money !
 This DVD rom is the best way to catch up on old back issues . Of any one that collects comics you know that when you 're looking of the one issue that you need to complete your collection I am the hardest one to find . But when you buy this DVD rom you get every issue of the title that it is names for.This box contains every cap issue from the first issue featuring cap in the early 1960 to his death in the pages of civil war.Cap is a reminder of what America should be , and should be looked at as a role motel for every one in the world
 This is the best gift I have gotten in a long time . At first I was not sure how to feel about it since , as a comic book fan , I love actually reading comics and turning the pages . But , I also like my comics to be in excellent shape , and reading them puts them at risk . Well , with this I can read them , ALL of them and wo n't ever have to open them if I do n't want to . Besides , the amount of comics contained on the disc is incredible . I love being able to follow a story arc for 25 issues in row if I want to with out having to wait two years for the comics to come out , or running out of comics . It 's really cool and I advise it strongly to those enjoy actually reading their comics .
 I read these comics when I was growing up . It is really great to be able to read all of the stories from start to finish . The format is good , it looks good on my laptop screen . It takes up very little physical space which makes a big difference in my household . The price is very reasonable for what you get . All in all a very nice product . I would give it 6 stars if I could .
 I love these comic dvd-roms ! As a kid , I collected comics . I took a 10 year break and these collections brought me back . It 's a cheap way to read your favorite titles . My only wish is that they continue to make more titles available . Make Mine Marvel !
 If you can get this collection do not hesitate . I am really glad I found these products before it was too late . Because Marvel is going to rent there digital comics on there website they did not renew the contract with GIT corp and after the end of the year , no more will be made .
 This is a pretty neat product . It 's a digital collection of all of Captain America 's Marvel Comics adventures , beginning with his solo adventures in Tales of Suspense -LRB- later renamed Captain America -RRB- . The collection does n't include his comics from World War II and the 1950s , back when Marvel Comics was called Timely or Atlas . Nor does it include every Captain America solo adventure Marvel ever published . It does include every issue of his regular series , however.The collection includes over 500 issues of Captain America comics , from 1964 up until Cap 's death just three months ago in Captain America Volume 5 , issue 25 . The packaging serves as a fitting tribute to the star spangled Avenger , with the back cover showing his shield and reading `` In memory of a fallen hero . '' A nice DVD case is included in the package -LRB- unlike some of the earlier GIT Corp releases -RRB- . I had purchased a big new LCD monitor before I bought this collection , but I was surprised to discover the comics were also quite readable on my average sized CRT monitor at work.There were quite a lot of great stories told in the 43 years worth of comics included in this collection . And I love the fact that the complete comics were digitized , including the ads and letters pages . All in all this is quite a good deal .
 GIT does it again - this time giving us a thorough offering from Captain America 's title . I was pleased to see it is very current - through the April 2007 issue of Cap 's comic . I also enjoy seeing the early Tales of Suspense issues -LRB- with co-star Iron Man who is slated for his own DVD-ROM set later this year -RRB- .
 GIT did a nice job with this . As mistergoodman notes , it does indeed include all the Cap series from TOS in '64 to his death -LRB- I still hope it 's not true -RRB- here in ' 07 , plus annuals and a great bio . Definitely get this if you 're a Cap fan.The user interface uses PDF files with hyperlinks -- anyone with Adobe Reader 7 will be able to use this easily . For me , reading was a challenge initially , certainly not GIT 's fault . On my widescreen laptop , my highest res is 1280x800 . By default Reader opens these up to fit the whole page , which is about 90 % of actual size and a little hard to read , especially for the older comics . If I use the fit width setting instead , the pages are about 125 % of actual and much easier to read , but there 's a little bit more work to do to navigate the pages . I got used to it quickly .
 Great product but really , $ 600.00 dollars ? REALLY ? I mean REALLY?I have seen this elsewhere for much less than this so I know if you look around you can find it cheaper than this outrageously ridiculous price . If someone does buy this for this price please let me know what you 're reasoning is for paying that kind of price . Once again I would like to offer some swampland I have for sale to those who are willing to pay such prices ; -RRB-
 This collection , as well as the collections for the other Marvel characters is simply astounding . Not only do you get every Captain America Comic from 1964 to the infamous Captain America Vol V issue 25 Death of a Dream , you get them with the original ads intact , plus the few annuals cap had . This is really a dealand I would highly recommend it to any comuic book fan wanting to catch up on the comic book .
 GIT is doing a great job with these Marvel Comics collections . I bought the Spider-man collection a little over a year ago . Closely followed by X-Men and Fantastic Four . In the past couple weeks I picked up The Incredible Hulk , Captain America and Avengers compilations . I 'm looking forward to the Iron Man disk coming out soon . My only regret is that after I bought the FF collection they came out with a second set with more issues plus the Silver Surfer runs -LRB- I 'm sure to coincide with the movie -RRB- . A few reviewers of these disks have complained that the images are just scans of original comics . All I can say is get over it . You are getting thousands of dollars worth of books for $ 40 or less . You could n't have even bought the first 25 issues of the most recent run on Captain America -LRB- which finish the Captain america disk -RRB- for that . If Marvel was going to re-color and computerize their entire libraries to put on disks , I can guarantee you that they would not sell 40 years worth of a series for $ 40 . They would probably charge that for every 3-5 years worth of the series . I think it 's great that you can see these old comics along with the old ads . I 'm a kid of the eighties so seeing ads for some of the old computer games is really cool . Yes , a few pages have some smudges on them , but whose comics do n't - it just adds to the new age feel of cracking open your old comics that have been boxed/bagged for years.Pros :1 -RRB- years of comics for pennies an issue2 -RRB- simple category menus
 Every issue of my fave , Captain America . I ca n't really complain can I ? It 's pretty awesome to have all of these in one place even if it 's not anywhere near the experience of reading the real thing . However , if you do n't have zillion bucks to shell out for all the originals , this is the next best thing . I love that they are scanned cover to cover -LRB- ads included ! -RRB- and you also get the full Tales of Suspense including Iron Man . I 've read complaints about the DVDs on PCs but I 've had absolutely no problems on my Mac . If you have Acrobat Reader , you 're good to go . So when can we get the Mighty Thor ?
 Great dvd-rom comics from 1960 to 2006 thats to his death . If you like Captain America than get now whal you can its really hard to find new much less used it can be bought for $ 189 wich is much less than that 1,000 price tag it has now . if you ever want to read all the cap you want with the good & the bad this dvd-rom is for you .
 tales of suspense 39-99 where already included in the iron man , so putting in issues 59-99 was n't very necessary . Anyway , this comes with cap 100-454 , v2 1-13 , v3 1-50 , v4 1-32 , and v5 1-12 pretty cool set go ahead and buy it if your a cap fan . The only thing I wish this came with is CAC 1-78 from back in the 40s
 HelloMy name is Bruno Levy and I co-authored this cd-rom with life long friend Emile Servan-Schreiber . -LRB- I apologize for self rating this cd with 5 stars but it looks like the amazon software force me to give a rating . -RRB- Our idea in designing and producing this cd-rom was to give an introductory -LRB- and interactive -RRB- overview about what is currently known on the brain and the mind . One of the big revolution of the 90s is that the knowledge of how the mind works -LRB- the goal of cognitive psychology -RRB- starts to be in close correspondance with the knowledge of how the brain work s -LRB- the goal of neuroscience -RRB- . That 's why we interviewed some of the best specialists in both domain and asked them to explain in the simplest language what they have discovered and understood about the brain and the mind in their research.In addition , we have included a serie of first person interactive experiments . All these experiments have been designed and discovered by cognitive psychologists in the last 25 years . A lot of them are extremely entertaining but not very well known by the general public . When we designed our cd-rom , we thought it would be interesting to have people discover ** on themselves ** the mechanism of their own mind at work . Its a great way to understand that cognitive psychology is really a science able to made predictions -LRB- A word of caution
 The editorial and author 's reviews already give you a good idea of the content . I just wish to express my appreciation for the opportunity to have exposure to 11 of the top-notch scientists of the brain and cognition , including one in French , through such an informative tool . First click through all the titles of the 20 icons on the `` map of knowledge '' and listen to the charming voice explaining what is contained there . You can systematically select what you are interested in . You can also use the index to search for a topic . Much effort has been put into creating so many video clips for the texts of the interviews . There are many graphic illustrations . I like the `` round-table '' of scientists 's views on diverse theme topics , such as `` Can there be free will ? '' . If passive listening gets boring , you can switch to reading the texts instead . There are just too many interesting topics . Having to use 2 CDs is a bit inconvenient . I hope there will be a single DVD , updated and expanded version with more links to current resources in a couple of years to catch up with the explosion of brain knowledge .
 Very informative and Educational and a nice way of presentation . The navigation could have been improved a bit .
 I bought this product and I am very happy with it.The description above does n't really tell you what the product is , so let me tell you about it . It is a software product that plugs into PowerPoint 97 , 2000 etc. -LRB- Windows version -RRB- and lets you add your choice of really good looking arrows and buttons and other useful shapes into your presentation . This lets you point to key statements , or explain the flow of a process , etc.But the best part -LRB- to me -RRB- is that you can add your own text to these shapes , and many of them can animate if you want them to . It is very easy to use , and the results are very professional looking.I first heard about it in a review in PC Magazine earlier this year . They gave it 5 stars and called it a `` must-have '' product for PowerPoint presenters . I thought , with an endorsement like that , it 's worth trying out . And I was n't disapointed.I have since learned that the developer , CrystalGraphics , also has a whole line of other PowerPoint-enhancing products . They 're worth checking out as well !
 The idea is ingenious and the execution is perfection!Use your touch screen to type with this suberb app . Nothing extra to carry or for those times when you -LRB- lunch -RRB- do n't have your `` Forest Gump in braces '' folding keyboard.Ideal for typing e-mails or notes or quickly writing down your latest stroke of genius . This app is easy to use and has multiple skins -LRB- keyboards -RRB- . Highly recommended . You can type much faster with this touch screen keyboard that you can with the built-in stylus keypad.The keyboard uses your full screen , is stylish and one of the best ideas ever for your PDA .
 Actually my son likes , it is very easy to play and understand very well that installs easily and quickly .
 Although I would like to see an update to this software , I must say it is a must have for novice to intermediate stamp collector .
 StampManage 2012 has helped me considerably . I had the 2009 version which was very limited , and the 2012 has got me back on track . It is a recommended `` buy '' . MaryC
 Have used this program for 3 years , version StampManage USA2007 . It has proved to be excellent at cataloging stamps . The eBay function -LRB- current & completed auctions -RRB- is especially great when searching for stamps . Check the `` lowest price '' on eBay completed auctions and you will know what price range to bid . Stamp values in the program are sometimes on , sometimes off , but values fluctuate . You can easily change these . Here 's a bonus
 I installed this o windows 7 and seems to work just fine . Since this i my first stamp collecting software I find it easy to use and have had no problems .
 As a new stamp collector , this is by far THE best of the best EVER stamp collecting book in the world . I am tickled pink by this item ! Thanks StampManage USA for this fabulous product !
 This is really a great product ! I am a new guy to stamps but love the help !!!
 The software came as I expected , when I expected and how I expected it . I am totally satisfied and would buy again from this seller .
 In an earlier review I lamented how Techtool had seemed degraded in its performance since its upgrade to vers . 4.0 and Mac OS X compatibility . I have since learned that Symantec , maker of Norton Utilities , has indeed decided to no longer upgrade their general utility program . -LRB- According to news reports , they will continue to upgrade their virus and Internet Security software . -RRB- So what does this mean for Mac users ? For one , DiskWarrior is a must have . As for Techtool , there 's almost no choice - you have to have a general utility that 's more powerful than Apple 's rather weak First Aid . Here 's hoping that Micromat comes up with a good update to Techtool and gets it back to the days of when it was arguably the best utility for the Mac .
 If you own a Mac , you 're foolish to not invest in 2 fixit apps , TTP and DiskWarrior -LRB- DW 's unfortunately not yet available for Intel Macs , but should be , soon -RRB- . TTP does everything you need to do , and does it reliably . It also has an `` eDrive '' feature , a bootable 2nd volume on your drive containing what you need to fix things -LRB- necessary because a volume ca n't fix itself -RRB- , which is immediately available when you need it . -LRB- DW `` only '' rebuilds the directory , but that is arguably the most important single thing which sometimes needs fixing . The reason you should have both utilities is that sometimes one of them can fix the directory when the other ca n't , since they use different approaches . Actually , a Mac owner already owns a fixit utility packaged with the OS , DiskUtility . While the weakest of the three , it , too , is sometimes useful for repair . -RRB- I ca n't agree with the criticism I 've read in the other reviews . If the version of TTP is appropriate to the version of the Mac OS , TTP works as advertised . If the user has inadvertantly used the wrong version , then it 's like putting diesel fuel into a gasoline engine . The blame for that mistake can hardly be laid on Micromat 's doorstep . I 've used TechTool on many different Macs since its beginnings , and it has never caused me a single problem , but it has averted or corrected a number of them .
 Tech Tool Pro is an excellent disk utility program for Mac users that provides essential tools to keep your hard drives working in optimum condition . It also allows you to maintain and optimize your drives to keep them running smooth . Additionally , it can alert you of drive failures and problems before they strike thus making data loss less likely with advanced warnings . When compared with other Mac disk utility programs on the market , I would say that Tech Tool Pro is definitely preferred over anything produced by Norton . Granted , I have never used Norton on a Mac but I have used it on Windows PC machines and let 's just say that my experience with the Windows version was more than enough to steer me clear of trying their Mac version . Tech Tool Pro seems to me to be more stable and reliable than Norton , and I would assume that applies to the Mac version as well.I first started using this program with OS X Panther and applied the necessary patches released by Micromat when I migrated my system to OS X Tiger . Most of the features worked in Tech Tool Pro but one feature that ceased to work correctly was the `` eDrive '' . This is an emergency bootable partition that Tech Tool will create and boot from to allow you to run repair operations to your start up volume . After applying all of the patches to Tech Tool Pro to make it compatible with Tiger I started having problems with the functionality of the eDrive . I had to spend a lot of time working on this and spent some frustrating moments trying to resolve the problem . For some reason Tech Tool Pro could not properly create the eDrive under Tiger and when I tried to create it it would freeze my system and would not boot up.I eventually had to resolve the problem by manually creating the eDrive on a firewire hard drive and now all is working normally . Micromat tech support was very helpful and responsive , although they could not resolve the problem to create the eDrive partition from within the program . They did provide me detailed step by step instructions on how to work around this and set up the eDrive manually which is working perfectly now . All in all , this is a good program but it obviously has some issues with Tiger that relates to the eDrive functionality . Hopefully , this type of problem will be eventually resolved but at least there is a simple work around should you encounter the same problem . It appears that not everyone has this problem and my problem may have been related to something getting corrupted in the move from Panther to Tiger ; who knows . Despite this one minor glitch , I can heartily recommend this program as one that every Mac user should have at his disposal along with Disk Warrior . I was very impressed with Micromat and their level of support and professionalism . This is a product worth having .
 Tech Tool Pro is a great utility to have on hand for those days when diaster strikes . It 's like a mini insurance policy for your system .
 have used once for general maint & defrag - did the job just fine ... have not had to use the recover features ...
 I 've been using TechTools utilities -LRB- including Drive 10 -RRB- for years . I have always found TechTools to be a great utility product for the Mac . TechTools Pro 4 -LRB- 4.0.6 -RRB- meets that standard . Easy to use , a beautify interface , and fast . It was fab for routine maintenance including opt-ing drives . The eDrive -LRB- which is a relatively new feature -RRB- was a bit confusing , but once I ogt a handle on its function and purpose , it was a breeze . Since I have a small hard drive -LRB- only 40 G -RRB- , I elected to install the eDrive on a separate USB Iomega mini-drive . It worked great and I feel comfortable with the fact that I have a separate start up drive when the ultimate harm -LRB- a crashed drive -RRB- strikes.To conclude , I would recommend this product .
 I am a reluctant `` need to maintain this Mac '' user . I am a webmaster for my church using iWeb . I looked at Disc Warrior and did n't understand the features offered . I tried the trial download and still did n't understand disc warrior.After generating a `` disc error '' disc utility could n't fix I frantically searched for a solution and found the tech tool version that came with my Appe Care Warranty.Never could fix problem with that version . I bought the Pro version , at that time 4.6 and got it fixed in 5 minutes!The new interface is much better when doing volume optimization . There is a graphic that lets you clearly see where you are in this lengthy process . It does take a long time to complete , but the performance of your machine will amaze you.I used to take 45 Min . to an hr . to completely back up 141 + GB to a backup disc . After the optimization it takes 7 minutes!You DO need to read their documentation . Get familiar with what they tell you before you start willy-nilly trying things.This program is not meant for the highly networked Terabyte business . Again they tell you clearly what they can and can not do on what hardware , running which operating system versions . Excellent job Micromat .
 At least this does n't scatter files all over my hard drive . I bought it on a recommendation from an all digital music studio owner . I complained that I did n't like Norton Utilities because you could never clean all the files off your dirve and it did disk save stuff that I could n't turn off . Now after using TechTool I 'm impressed that it only did what I wanted it to do which was to defrag my disk . It has a lot of other tools in it 's kit but they did n't self install and clutter up my drive . It allowed me to use only the features I wanted without loading up my dirve with stuff I did n't want . I too will be recommending this product .
 I have been using Macs for 6 years and I received TechTool Pro as a birthday present . It is much better then Norton Utilities for Mac , mainly because TechTool Pro allows you to make what Micromat calls an eDrive , which is a nice touch that does n't destroy your current partition and allows you to boot into the version of OS X that you have installed with a copy of TechTool Pro to allow you to optimize your hard disk without having to use the bootable CD-ROM . I have Mac OS X Panther 10.3.9 on my iMac and I found out that my hard disk was fragmented so I ran TechTool Pro and it now runs faster .
 This product provides Mac OS X users withmost of the tests necessary to find outwhere the problems are . The eDrive partmakes it very easy to check source volumesand to Optimize your hard drive .
 This tool already paid for itself . My HD would not boot due to some bitmap errors . Fixed them with TechTool . Saved me time and mondy .
 I 'm a big proponent of routine maintenance and this is the only tool I use to keep my iBook in check . Easy to use .
 I recently went in to my neighbhoord Mac place -LRB- not an Apple store -RRB- where the fix-it guy said that they did n't sell software like TechTools anymore because OS X was too hard to make repairs on your own . I had used TechTools with previous Mac OX versions and found it helpful , so I did n't believe the guy . I purchased TechTools through Amazon . Even so , I had to go 50 miles to the nearest Apple Genius Bar because I was definitely having significant issues with an iBook G4 that I could n't quite figure out . The tech got it running , for free I might add . Then I ran the tests and things in TechTool Pro 4 to get the machine back in shape . It has run smoothly for awhile.MicroMat also has a pretty good forum where employees answer questions relatively quickly.I do think that running TechTools on occassion probably would have helped me avoid the previous problem . I think , for the price , buying and using TechTools is like added insurance .
 I loved tech tool but having to re-verify every time I use it is a MAjOR pain .
 Some software 's are so complicated - but this does n't appear to be . It seems to be rather quite simple ... That is , if I 'm taking advantages of all it can do . I bought it because of the reviews on this site and CNET . I guess it `` dose '' good for the `` system '' becsue it seems to run better afterwords -LRB- CERTAINLY not worse -RRB- - however if my computing functions are all that complicated in the first place to need such `` refining '' remains to be seen . So I recommend it `` just because '' it 's good to have something that dose what it says it dose ... But always remember - do n't fool yourself - run the `` advanced '' scan at night - it will tip the scales at FOUR HOURS or even more ...
 received shipping notice right away . did not receive my software for like a month . emailed amazon and they sent another one right away .
 1 . CSS layout visualizationDreamweaver 8 now gives you visual aides at design time to outline CSS layout borders or color CSS layouts to reveal complex nesting schemes and improve selection . Click on the CSS layout for valuable Tooltips , such as ID and padding and margin and border settings .2 . Code collapseDreamweaver 8 allows you to focus only on the code in use . Hide and expand blocks of code by selection or by tag to stay organized .3 . Compare filesDreamweaver 8 can quickly compare files to identify what has changed , whether it is two local files , a file on the local and remote , or two files on the remote server .4 . Alpha channel supportFlash Professional 8 now has support for a true alpha channel at run-time . This revolutionary new capability provides the unique ability to overlay video composited with a transparent -LRB- even semi-transparent -RRB- alpha channel over other Flash content . Create dynamic presentations such as splashing water , smoke and fire effects , as well as presenters shot in front of a blue screen .5 . FlashType - high-quality font rendering engineFlash Professional 8 has a revolutionary new font rendering engine that provides clear , highest-quality font rendering , FlashType makes small fonts look amazingly clear and greatly improves readability . Choose from several options for font rendering , each optimized for different use cases . Optimize font rendering with the new custom anti-aliasing feature in Flash Professional .6 . FiltersWith Flash Professional 8 , you can create more compelling designs with built-in filter effects like drop shadow , blur , glow , bevel , gradient bevel , and color adjust . Filters are visual effects applied to MovieClips and text fields and are natively supported and rendered in real time by Flash Player .7 . Higher-quality video codecFlash Player 8 has a brand new , far more advanced video codec , On2 VP6 . This codec provides superior video quality that is competitive with today 's best video codecs at a much smaller file size .8 . The most significant upgrade everAll prior versions of Studio , Dreamweaver , Flash , and Fireworks are now eligible for the the same single upgrade price of $ 388.99 -LRB- save $ 10.01 on Amazon.com as of 09/13/05 -RRB- ! Thats right , you can now upgrade to Macromedia Studio 8 if you own any one of the following products
 I was the harshest critic of Flash 2004 -LRB- do n't believe me ? Go read my review -RRB- , and for good reason . It was a one-star bomb.Macromedia came to its senses and outdid itself with Studio 8 . -LRB- If you are a Flash-only owner , upgrade to Studio . For only about a hundred dollars more , you get a fantastic suite of software thrown in ... what a deal ! -RRB- This version of Flash is a return to the reliability of MX . No more PC crashes , the `` normal '' Actionscript mode has been reinstated , and there are all kinds of nifty surprises -LRB- like drop shadows -RRB- . I was bowled over by the effortlessness of the video/FLV capabilities . Video used to be a complicated thing ; in the new Flash , you can actually get it working without cracking open a tutorial or a book ! That 's the mark of intuitive software . Kudos!Bottom line
 Macromedia , now dreamweaver , is the best way to design webpages . Upgrade to the latest versions . You must own earlier version to use this product .
 For any true loyal flash programmer/designer this is the update to get . Major improvement from MX , and MX04 . Dreamweaver 8 starting to look like homesite which is the better . Do n't let hate comments confused your choice , this is a well worth upgrade .
 My order arrived quickly and in excellent packaging . The CD Rom itself in very well done . The visual text is clear and easy to read in both Hebrew and English . The chanting of the Tehillim is especially beautiful and clear . My only comment is that there should be an English translation to Rashi 's commentary in addition to the Hebrew . This CD Rom is highly recommended .
 Excellent . Used for a class in Elements 4.0 . Easy to follow computer based training .
 I own 3 aquarium screensavers , and this is one of the best ! If I did n't know the fish were on a computer screen , I 'd think they were the real thing ! Beautiful backgrounds , graceful fantail goldfish swim realistically through the tank , and it does n't get any better than this ! Highly recommended .
 It is superb , the goldfish looks so real . If you are looking for a screensaver , this is the one to buy . Very worth your money unlike other aguariums out there ... I think this has the same makers of that 3D screensaver SereneScreen Marine Aquarium .
 I purchased this program to entertain my cats . They seem to always sit in front of me at the desk and on my keyboard anyway , so I figured I 'd give them something to do . It was hilarious !! I will occasionally set this program as my screen saver just to watch the kitties stalk the fish . I 've had no problems with this program and am very happy with the purchase .
 I was tired of my tropical fish screensaver . I love goldfish of any variety and this screensaver delivered . The fishies and scenery change often . I love to watch the screensaver now . This is a great program , I heartily recommend it .
 I purchased this for my 6-year-old for the summer between Kindergarten and First Grade . We installed it easily and my daughter took right off with it . She could do it mostly on her own with very little direction from me . The activities seem to be perfect for her age/skill-level . After she completes an activity , she earns a printable medal . That feature is HIGHLY motivating for her . Madeline 's voice has an accent that my daughter struggles to understand once in a while , but it 's not a big deal and actually I think it 's good for her to hear accents . This is a great learning computer game . I think it would mostly appeal to girls .
 I am very pleased with the software . I am still learning to use it , but right away I was able to scan and translate the documents I needed to work on . The manual is a little confusing , but I still managed to make it work .
 i ca n't describe how good it is in every sense.I tried video wave , pinacle , adobe elements , win dvd creatorbut this software is ahead of every one of thesedont forget to buy plus version
 Development in Cold Fusion is easy . It took me 4 days to develop the same site in Cold Fusion that it took me 8 months to develop in Cold Fusion .
 Portfolio by Extensis will save you a giant headache , especially if you actually plan on doing anything with all the digital media that you keep filling up 80 gig firewires and CD-r discs with . You may think that the application that came free with that other program you have is just dandy and that you 'd be silly in the head to pay for one
 BizBlast 's StoreFront Wizard allows small-business owners to quickly and easily build a store on the Web . The Wizard creates a catalog with an unlimited number of products , sorted by categories , as well as Welcome , Contact , and FAQ pages . Secure transmission of information ensures customer privacy and protects against fraud . Merchants can process credit card payments online or offline . Stores can be integrated into a merchant 's existing Web site to provide a consistent look and feel .
 I have to say that BeOS is one of the best -LRB- if not THE best -RRB- Operating Systems that I have ever had the pleasure . It 's just so solid and reliable . Needless to say that I 've gotten rid of my Windows and Linux paritions .
 Very soon , Microsoft is going to release `` Windows 8 '' and I believe that this is going to be a disaster for Microsoft and will lead to another renaissance of `` alternative computer OS 's , '' as happened back in the late '90s , when the BeOS came out.This is the last release of the BeOS . Later `` fan-created '' alterations and add-ons came along , but as far as a released version is concerned , this is IT.Sadly , this final version is slightly hobbled by the forced removal of hardware OpenGL support , due to Microsoft 's illegal activities , at the time , which resulted in Be having to withhold the OpenGL kit from the final release . MS was on the OpenGL review board and used its veto power on the board to withhold authorization for Be to use OpenGL ... one of the final nails in the coffin for Be.With Win8 's horrific user interface issues , and the attempt to force all user to `` buy apps '' from Microsoft -LRB- along the lines of the apple store or Android market -RRB- , conventional computer users -LRB- who prefer a PC to an iPad -RRB- will be left in the cold ... unless they go with an alternative OS.Linux comes in several flavors and is a decent alternative , but it 's never become something `` accessible '' to the non-power user . This , in other words , is exactly how things were with Linux back in the 1990s , and is still the case today.Quite a few years back , as I was becoming a bit more computer savvy , I decided to start experimenting with alternative -LRB- non-Windows -RRB- operating systems . I tried several flavors of Linux , BSD , etc , and I also tried this ... the Be OS.The BeOS was different . It was SIMPLE . It was STRAIGHTFORWARD . It was CLEAN , with a very small `` footprint '' and consumed very little system resources , but managed the system resources VERY well , allowing applications to run without any issues.Now , BeOS is `` obsolete , '' at this point , mainly because there is no significant hardware support effort -LRB- and all of that is by end-users -RRB- to allow this OS to run on modern hardware . But , the core concepts of this OS remain very , very sound , and anyone creating a new `` alternative OS '' should take a very close look at how Be did things.Let me be very clear ... the BeOS is still -LRB- fundamentally -RRB- my favorite computer OS architecture . The concepts behind it were perfectly sound , and the implementation was terrific.Unfortunately , Be was shot down by some illegal activities on the part of Microsoft -LRB- who never paid the price for doing what they did -RRB- . Be had managed to get their foot in the door with several of the big OEM computer manufacturers , allowing them to be shipped as an `` alternative , on request '' OS , or as a dual-boot solution . Microsoft reacted very badly to this , and stated to the vendors that while they COULD do that , they 'd `` cease receiving price considerations on Microsoft software '' if they did so . So , Dell , HP , and the like , all bailed on their plans to offer this as an alternative . And that , in the end , is what killed the BeOS.What 's the advantage of the BeOS ? Well , it 's got better multithreading handling than anything I 've ever seen . Have you ever seen one program , on your system , `` take over '' and cause every other application to stutter , stammer , and halt ? That does n't happen ... AT ALL ... in the BeOS . If you overtax the system , everything slows down , proportionally to the load , but nothing `` pauses '' at all . And the BeOS was the first consumer OS to have , in effect , no limit on the number of processor cores -LRB- yes , there 's a theoretical limit , but it 's in the thousands of CPU cores -RRB- . By contrast , even today , Windows can only handle up to 16 cores , and they 're not treated equally in the OS . Most applications can only see one core , after all.The BeOS was different at an architectural level , and was so far superior over what was available at the time , and -LRB- in theory -RRB- is still superior to what is available today , that it caused Intel 's VP of development to comment that `` I did n't know our hardware could do that ! `` Today , I still have BeOS -LRB- r5 -RRB- running on an older machine . I use it very rarely today , because there is no driver support for the BeOS for newer hardware , and the hardware from the period when BeOS was available is many orders of magnitude less powerful than today 's hardware . But it 's still a great machine , and does things that even today 's high-end Windows machines will `` stutter '' on slightly , even being many orders of magnitude faster overall.If you want to play around with the BeOS , and have hardware you can run it on , you should try it . You should also pick up a few books out there , including Scott Hacker 's excellent `` BeOS Bible . '' The OS comes with a nice introductory book , but the `` Bible '' is almost a requirement for getting the most out of this OS.This book is a great reference for getting to know the BeOS . There are also some programming-level references out there which will come in handy as well . The sheer modularity of the BeOS 's design should have led to an easy to use , easy to maintain , easy to upgrade OS . In fact , it did ... but the `` updates '' stopped when Be went out of business , and the small but dedicated ongoing `` private efforts '' to do this have led to a minimal amount of advancement -LRB- see `` Haiku '' for example , or `` OpenBeOS '' -RRB- . To really implement this , as it OUGHT to be implemented , a major player needs to take it on.Most likely , today , if you decide to start looking into this OS , you 'll be doing so in order to use it as a learning tool , on how an OS CAN be built ... hopefully as a guide to someone finally creating a really good , modern implementation of the fantastic concepts which Be originally gave to us.The thing is , with the UI disaster looming with the impending release of Windows 8 ... I can imagine the interest level for alternative -LRB- non-Microsoft -RRB- PC operating systems going through the roof again . The same thing that led to Linux exploding , years ago , and to BeOS 's creation , is about to happen again.Those who want to lead in this effort would be very well served to look into the BeOS .
 I bought a copy of this back in 2001 . It is no longer actively developed , but it is great software if you can find an older machine to run it on . The free version of BeOS 5 , called Personal Edition , can be downloaded from -LSB- ... -RSB- if you 'd like to see if you have a machine that can run it before buying . The major problem most people run into is there is a kernel bug which prevents it from running on a computer with more than 1GB of ram . In 2000 , this was n't a problem , but obviously it is now . If you 're interested in an updated version of BeOS 5 that runs on more modern hardware , download Haiku for free at -LSB- ... -RSB- . It 's only alpha right now , but it 's a great operating system to experiment with .
 I never thought that my computer could do that , BeOS is far away the best OS . I did n't know that I could compile , play Quake 2 and listen to a mp3 in my k6-2 400 ... Its a new world of stability and speed . All this , plus the GoBE Productive -LRB- Its a quite cool office tool -RRB- and BeOS Bible by Mr Scott Hacker ... if you read this book , You 'll see what I mean when I say `` BeOS is far away the best OS '' Well done Be Inc !
 Very soon , Microsoft is going to release `` Windows 8 '' and I believe that this is going to be a disaster for Microsoft and will lead to another renaissance of `` alternative computer OS 's , '' as happened back in the late '90s , when the BeOS came out.This is not the last release of the BeOS , but it IS the last release which included a full OpenGL implementation -LRB- Microsoft 's illegal activities , at the time , resulted in Be having to withhold the OpenGL kit from the final release ... MS was on the OpenGL review board and used its veto power on the board to withhold authorization for Be to use OpenGL ... one of the final nails in the coffin for Be . -RRB- With Win8 's horrific user interface issues , and the attempt to force all user to `` buy apps '' from Microsoft -LRB- along the lines of the apple store or Android market -RRB- , conventional computer users -LRB- who prefer a PC to an iPad -RRB- will be left in the cold ... unless they go with an alternative OS.Linux comes in several flavors and is a decent alternative , but it 's never become something `` accessible '' to the non-power user . This , in other words , is exactly how things were with Linux back in the 1990s , and is still the case today.Quite a few years back , as I was becoming a bit more computer savvy , I decided to start experimenting with alternative -LRB- non-Windows -RRB- operating systems . I tried several flavors of Linux , BSD , etc , and I also tried this ... the Be OS.The BeOS was different . It was SIMPLE . It was STRAIGHTFORWARD . It was CLEAN , with a very small `` footprint '' and consumed very little system resources , but managed the system resources VERY well , allowing applications to run without any issues.Now , BeOS is `` obsolete , '' at this point , mainly because there is no significant hardware support effort -LRB- and all of that is by end-users -RRB- to allow this OS to run on modern hardware . But , the core concepts of this OS remain very , very sound , and anyone creating a new `` alternative OS '' should take a very close look at how Be did things.Let me be very clear ... the BeOS is still -LRB- fundamentally -RRB- my favorite computer OS architecture . The concepts behind it were perfectly sound , and the implementation was terrific.Unfortunately , Be was shot down by some illegal activities on the part of Microsoft -LRB- who never paid the price for doing what they did -RRB- . Be had managed to get their foot in the door with several of the big OEM computer manufacturers , allowing them to be shipped as an `` alternative , on request '' OS , or as a dual-boot solution . Microsoft reacted very badly to this , and stated to the vendors that while they COULD do that , they 'd `` cease receiving price considerations on Microsoft software '' if they did so . So , Dell , HP , and the like , all bailed on their plans to offer this as an alternative . And that , in the end , is what killed the BeOS.What 's the advantage of the BeOS ? Well , it 's got better multithreading handling than anything I 've ever seen . Have you ever seen one program , on your system , `` take over '' and cause every other application to stutter , stammer , and halt ? That does n't happen ... AT ALL ... in the BeOS . If you overtax the system , everything slows down , proportionally to the load , but nothing `` pauses '' at all . And the BeOS was the first consumer OS to have , in effect , no limit on the number of processor cores -LRB- yes , there 's a theoretical limit , but it 's in the thousands of CPU cores -RRB- . By contrast , even today , Windows can only handle up to 16 cores , and they 're not treated equally in the OS . Most applications can only see one core , after all.The BeOS was different at an architectural level , and was so far superior over what was available at the time , and -LRB- in theory -RRB- is still superior to what is available today , that it caused Intel 's VP of development to comment that `` I did n't know our hardware could do that ! `` Today , I still have BeOS -LRB- r5 -RRB- running on an older machine . I use it very rarely today , because there is no driver support for the BeOS for newer hardware , and the hardware from the period when BeOS was available is many orders of magnitude less powerful than today 's hardware . But it 's still a great machine , and does things that even today 's high-end Windows machines will `` stutter '' on slightly , even being many orders of magnitude faster overall.If you want to play around with the BeOS , and have hardware you can run it on , you should try it . You should also pick up a few books out there , including Scott Hacker 's excellent `` BeOS Bible . '' The OS comes with a nice introductory book , but the `` Bible '' is almost a requirement for getting the most out of this OS.This book is a great reference for getting to know the BeOS . There are also some programming-level references out there which will come in handy as well . The sheer modularity of the BeOS 's design should have led to an easy to use , easy to maintain , easy to upgrade OS . In fact , it did ... but the `` updates '' stopped when Be went out of business , and the small but dedicated ongoing `` private efforts '' to do this have led to a minimal amount of advancement -LRB- see `` Haiku '' for example , or `` OpenBeOS '' -RRB- . To really implement this , as it OUGHT to be implemented , a major player needs to take it on.Most likely , today , if you decide to start looking into this OS , you 'll be doing so in order to use it as a learning tool , on how an OS CAN be built ... hopefully as a guide to someone finally creating a really good , modern implementation of the fantastic concepts which Be originally gave to us.The thing is , with the UI disaster looming with the impending release of Windows 8 ... I can imagine the interest level for alternative -LRB- non-Microsoft -RRB- PC operating systems going through the roof again . The same thing that led to Linux exploding , years ago , and to BeOS 's creation , is about to happen again.Those who want to lead in this effort would be very well served to look into the BeOS .
 This is the greatest software for 2 1/2 - 4 year olds but , it 's hard to find . Kids can navigate their way through this beautifully designed game for hours - teaching them all the way . It has three levels which nicely challenges 2 - 4 year olds , building their confidence along the way . It 's cute and adorable - a huge thumbs up !!
 Pro/e Wildfire 2.0 is the most powerful 3D CAD tool to date . Unfortuneately , some users do not take the time to understand its capabilities and learn about the program , rather , they get frustrated and rant about how bad it is . The truth is that Pro/E is the premier choice for companies that are willing to pay a little more for the better product , such as Caterpillar . Solidworks and Unigraphics are the choice of companies who care more about the budget than the product itself . If you 're in the engineering field long enough , you 'll find this to be true!Wildfire 2.0 has a user interface that is easy to understand , but difficult to master . This is directly related to the design intent of the model ... knowing what references to dimension your features from and knowing how the features relate to each other . If you 've used 2001 , there is a help tool called `` menu mapper '' that will guide you to the action you wish to perform , whether it 's hole creation , or adding a GTOL in the drawing . Menu mapper is a link that appears in pro/e 's explorer window every time you start pro/e . In my 10 years as a mechanical designer , I 've had experience with Solidworks , Unigraphics , AutoCAD , and Pro/e . If you 're serious about engineering and you want the most powerful 3D tool out there then Pro/e is the only option . Get it , learn it , and then make the program work for you !
 This software is very educational for girls 5 or older , it plays beautiful songs and Madeline makes learning very easy going . I had it for my older daughters who are now 13 and 12 and they love it too .
 From the CD box : Everything you need to quickly create , edit , and print professional quality forms with print and click ease.Drag and drop , with over 400 professionally designed templates , and you can change your text styles , color , and page sizes . Includes NEBS forms , math calculations , multi-form and spell checker . Windows software .
 My son started playing this at 16 months . You can hit any key on the keyboard to make something happen or progress to point-and-click . Thanks to the Mickey and Minnie games my son learned his letters and shapes by 20 months . He also amazed us by learning how to point-and-click at 18 months . He 's now 29 months and still enjoys playing some of these games but has progressed to Putt-Putt Saves The Zoo.I have to say that this is one of the best purchases we made for him and it 's helped him stay ahead of his playmates when it comes to counting , the alphabet , and his computer skills . Within the coming months we 'll probably give the Disney preschool software pack a try .
 I bough this CD-ROM 3-pack mainly for the Pooh and Mickey discs -LRB- the Rolie Polie Olie disk is not part of thiw review as I was unable to unstall it at the time of the review ... an error with the disk , perhaps ? -RRB- . My daughter , who is 27 months old , LOVES both Pooh and Mickey and I thought this would be an excellent way to introduce her to the computer while using interactive methods to teach ABCs , 123s , and much more.First , the Mickey CD specifics : * learn letters with Mickey by playing hide-and-seek with six different letters at a time -LRB- Mickey says each letter -RRB- * learn numbers -LRB- 1-10 -RRB- with Pluto by instructing him to bark at the gophers who pop out of holes holding numbers -LRB- Mickey says each number -RRB- * learn shapes with Minnie by helping her find things that are of a certain shape . Shapes included are circle , square , triangle , diamond , and heart . * explore music concepts with Donald by dragging the mouse over different items in his backyard to make noises * there are coloring pages that you can print out which focus on the concepts addressed throughout the CD , and morePooh CD specifics : * learn opposites with Pooh as you drag the mouse over different thigns in his house * learn shapes , colors , letters , and numbers with all of Pooh 's friends as you pop balloons containing these things * help build your memory with Pooh , Tigger , Piglet , and Roo as you try to remember what each character likes -LRB- they give you clues and you must guess accordingly -RRB- * explore music concepts with Christopher Robin and Pooh ans 4 of his friends by dragging your mouse over different instruments to make music as well as dragging your mouse over the characters to sing songs * explore different languages -LRB- French and Spanish -RRB- with Owl and Roo by helping Pooh choose items from behind a stage and hearing the word in both English and another language . * there are coloring pages and other printing options based upon the concepts addressed throughout the CDRolie Polie Olie CD -LRB- some details as shown on box -RRB- : * help Olie clean his room and search for Spot * make music with Oilie in his kitchen * go scuba diving in Olie 's tub * make `` Tellys '' out of household items * mix and match colors in Olie 's roomI think this is a wonderful CD-rom set -LRB- without reference to the Olie CD , of course -RRB- ! My daughter LOVES playing the different games on each CD-ROM and frequently asks for `` Mickey '' and `` Pooh '' games . she really likes to pop the balloons on the Pooh CD , and likes the shapes with Minnie on the Mickey CD . The best feature is that this game is truly made for young children who do n't have the hand-eye coordination to fully operate a computer and mouse . The mouse activates functions on teh CD-ROM not by clicking , but by rolling over things -LRB- during play -RRB- and keeping the mouse on an item to change between tasks . There are special larger cursors throughout the game as well , so it 's easier for littler ones to see what they are moving . And if they ca n't yet operate a mouse -LRB- my daughter just knows how to click the mouse , but has n't figured out how to make it move yet -RRB- , tehy can press keys on the keyboard and it will activate different parts in each `` game '' . I wish I could have reviewed the Olie game , but I will definitely edit my review once I am able to install the Olie game -LRB- still have n't figured out why it is n't installing correctly - get an install error each time -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product , in particular if your toddler is already fond of the particular characters in teh game . My daughter was very familiar with -LRB- and in love with -RRB- Pooh and Mickey prior to purchasing this game , so it 's possible that she enjoys it so much because many of her favorite cartoon characters are the `` stars '' of the game . But as a parent , I think this software is definitely an invaluable learning tool - the familiar characters are an added bonus .
 I was already familiar with this product so I knew what I was getting . I like Corelproducts better than the more popular stuff .
 I was really surprised by this purchase . I just thought that I would receive the installation CD but instead I got the book and several other items in the original box . Really appreciated it .
 I had purchased Microsoft Word after many years of using WordPerfect.Some of the simplest tasks , such as creating labels , were much more complicated on Word , so when I found a WordPerfect8 at a good price , I jumped . I am a happy camper again .
 I got corel 8 for my sister . she is very happy with it . she had been looking for it for a long time . i told i would try to find it for her . thank you .
 My order for the Corel Word Perfect 8 came promptly and was as advertised . This is still a great word processing software program and I will continue to use it in conjunction wit my Windows progam .
 It is hard to find this classic program anymore . Too bad , because it is the perfect program for almost any home or office . Although overshadowed by Word/Excel , I have used WordPerfect for many years and I think it is the better program in terms of ease of use and versatility . This program is comprehensive and includes all the utilities anyone could ask for in a package that is easy to use . Too bad it 's disappearing from the market . It 's a wonderful program . I think the earlier versions are better than the later -LRB- I liked WP7 best because of its great graphics , and 7 and 8 are better than 10 , as they keep trying to get more complex and lose the simplicity that appeals to many people like me who do n't need every conceivable tool in the world -RRB- .
 I love WordPerfect 8 . I have used WordPerfect 8 since 1996 and never wanted to replace it with any word processor program . I have used older versions of WordPerfect before the 8th edition came , but I 've never been this satisfied as I am with the 8th edition . I have not tried the new versions , and why ? I have zero complaints with WordPerfect 8 and could n't see how my experience with it can be improved.I refuse to work with Microsoft Word . When I am forced to use the dreadful program , I feel limited . What I visualize is never realized in Microsoft Word because it forces me to follow its way . Every time I use the program , I get a headache.Through WordPerfect 8 , everything I wanted and how I visualize are achieved with ease . My creation , WordPerfect 8 delivers.I have done nearly everything through WordPerfect 8 , and it never ever failed me.Why are the people so against WordPerfect 8 ? I ca n't understand the life of me because there is n't a better word processor than WordPerfect 8 . WordPerfect 8 is the greatest word processor I 've ever used in my life , and I ca n't imagine myself typing a paper without it . It is the most painless word processor that delivers every single time I use it .
 This is the best WordPerfect -LRB- yes I have the newer ones -RRB- . I still prefer this one .
 An older Windows product but loaded up just fine in WINDOWS 7 . Older version has been updated but other reviewers prefer this version .
 WordPerfect 8 is the best word processor I have ever used . I still use it and gravitate back to it whenever I get the notion to try something different . I use other word processors to fit in with some clients needs , but always end up back on my favorite WordPerfect 8 for all other work.I have n't done it , but I 've seen that it can be installed and used on Vista and Windows 7 . It requires some tweaking , but it can be done . So , if you had it before and and miss it go ahead and pick up a `` legal '' copy . Do an internet search and you will find out how to install it and make work in the newer operating systems . Of course , if you 're like me and have n't upgraded to the newest operating system yet , it will install without much of any hassle.The newer stuff does n't have anything on this old standard . It still beats them all , hands down . Now , if Corel would just re-release it so the masses could find out what real word processors are about .
 This version of WordPerfect Office is by far the best and easiest to use . It also has several things that are not readily available in MS Office Suite . And for the price , it beats MS 10 times from Sunday !
 I love WordPerfect , so happy to find this at Amazon ! If I COULD write a word processing program , this is what I WOULD have written . It made perfect sense to me from Day 1 . Love you WordPerfect !
 I had a Corel WordPerfect Suite 8 for years and we had problems with the computer and had to delete everything we had on it so the WordPerfect 8 was deleted also . This Corel WordPerfect Suite 8 is a little different but I like it fine .
 The price was great and the program is deafently a must to have . I find that this has been very helpful with typing letters and documents . This work with window 7 .
 I had lost this program I was so glad to find it again . It arrived on time new in pack - great experience . Thanks
 I was a regular customer of Symantec -LRB- Norton -RRB- and their applications such as virus , firewall , systemworks etc. for about 5 years . Then I noticed that the programs ate up a lot of computer resources , and when uninstalling prior versions they never fully uninstalled -LRB- i heard people had major problems because of this , luckily i just had a slower computer , yay ! -RRB- : - -LRB- Why did I get rid of symantec once and for all ? Well besides the slow part , I noticed that there were a lot of viruses that not only it did n't catch , but also viruses that literally disabled Norton before norton had a chance to clean them up !!! How stupid was that ? -LRB- I 'm guessing this happened because norton is the most popular program and thus most viruses target it -RRB- . Also , any customer service was horrible and technical support was costly and delayed -LRB- my computer would be so infected I 'd have to get a new one -RRB- . I got fed up with Symantec and switched to Trend-Micro Pc-Cillin on my new computer . The program was light -LRB- little resources used -RRB- , and it did n't get disabled , ever . Unfortunately after three years of use I had to give it up . Why ? Well , as nice as Trend-Micro was , it had a problem with finding viruses -LRB- virus encyclopedia is small compared to Norton and Kaspersky -RRB- , and also could never fully delete a virus or trojan , only temporarily `` stun '' it , but on reboot , I 'd get the virus again.So I got fed up there too . And I was n't going to try McAfee or zonealarm cause I knew they were weak anyway , so why waste time and money?I went to Russia on vacation and heard from some friends that there was an extremely powerful Russian made anti-virus program called Kaspersky . I smirked , thinking how could the Russian 's have come up with a good AV program ? But they insisted , telling me that the program was designed by a former Russian hacker/virus maker and computer genius who turned to making millions with his talent rather than sitting behind bars.So I gave it a shot . WOW !!! Talk about performance , quality , and protection . I was wrong hands down , and will never ever switch to another program . I got the personal security suite , and man I feel secure . After some very simple configurations I 'm running through the internet in stealth mode on high firewall security -LRB- which is the best , easy to set up , and eats up little resources -RRB- . Never had a trojan , can fully control any access by any program or any outsider -LRB- actually thanks to Kaspersky , I was able to prevent a network administrator from getting into my computer while on wi-fi , phew -RRB- . The anti-virus scan is very in-depth and very powerful . I swear that Kaspersky cleaned up viruses that the other two programs could n't for whatever reason , it got all the files cleaned instead of some of them , it also found viruses that the other programs never even found at all !!! It has great spam protection for outlook , and I mean good , it even categorizes the spam . It also scans incoming POP3 attachments , which is great as well . I can go on forever about the Pro 's of this security suite . I should mention that customer service is great -LRB- i hear this from most people -RRB- , they are very kind and considerate and respond very quickly . Also , repeat customers get 30 % off on their upgrades or re-subscriptions . This program is definetely worth your money if you need a secure computer , home , busines . Oh , and there are no Cons , only Pro 's for this program .
 I am a slightly above average computer user.I recently downloaded the trial version of Kaspersly Personal Security Suite . The download , installation took only a few minutes without incident by following their direction . Easy.The program came configured good the way it is for most users . I had no trouble tweeking it a bit for my use . Just follow the menues and use help screens as needed . I did feel odd without a printed manual but I am kind of old fashioned , a thing of the past . Tweeking was self explanatory . I only had trouble in one area , networking.I have a home network with two computers on it via a router . The second computer had access to my computer without my configuring it . I later learned that the program comes configured as default to all home networking . It says so in the help screen . The is an option to block anything you want using the Hacker Firewall . I tried to do it but since I am a novice , I need help regarding local/remoter hosts , portsl , etc. . This is an advanced feature which most people will never use . Other Security programs I have seen come default to block home networking which can be even harder for most people to allow certain objects.In any event since I wanted my system just perfect , I used customer tech support via email and most email was answered in a few minutes , except on the weekend which is slower . The responses were well written , very helpful/educated , and each had a reference number on them . If you wanted further information , you can simply reply -LRB- as the ref number is listed -RRB- and your inquiry goes back to the same technician who is familiar with your case . No re explaing needed . They did solve my problemAnother feature called `` Stealth '' which can be added . If you check this feature your computer becomes `` invisible '' to anything out there ? Even my own home network could no longer access my computer because it did not see me.My first scan found 7 dangerous objects/worms which passed through un-noticed by NIS . Even though this program seems `` sensitive '' it doesnt affect the running of my computer and is not slowing me down . I would say the deep scan takes average time , but my boot up is faster.Very happy . One year will tell . I plan on purchasing the one year version soon .
 I just bought my computer in ' 04 , but my computer was pretty as useful to me as a paperweight . I was using Norton , and it was running so slow . I decided to give Kaspersky a shot before I bought another new computer . I am so glad I did ! Kaspersky found 5 viruses on my computer ! 5 ! Once they were cleaned off , my computer has run as good as new ever since . I have n't had any virus or spyware problems at all . I urge anyone with Norton -LRB- or any anti-virus software for that matter -RRB- to buy Kaspersky immediately . It is the smartest investment you can make . You do n't want to wake up one day and see all of your documents wiped off of your computer!Bradley L.
 I do n't usually do reviews for products , but this is an exception . I love this software . Many people take it for granted that the software they use for protecting their computer is always up-to-date , but with Kaspersky I know it is . Every day I have updates to the latest viruses , and protection against hackers . And spyware and adware is treated the same as viruses - it gets rid of them and I like that . It definitely helps keep my computer clean . Also , the updates have n't slowed my computer down yet.A friend uses Kaspersky and told me I should try them out . I 'm glad I did .
 I consider myself pretty computer savvy . I was intrigued to buy Kaspersky after reading great reviews and having bad experiences with Norton and McAfee . Although it appears to be doing what it is supposed to do , I 'm struggling with the settings to make it update itself invisibly . I have a Dell Precision M70 -LRB- top of the line -RRB- and I would n't expect many comflicts . It interupts me every time at startup and my daughter , who is very computer savvy , has also expressed frustration with this . I 'm sticking with it to see how it works over the coming months . My suggestion to others is to have a look at Trend Micro 's PC-cillan . I installed it on my wife 's computer and several computers at work , including my own . So far I like it better ; my only complaint/comment would be that people remember , if they are having problems connecting anything over a network , to temporarily turn off the firewall .
 I just bought my computer in ' 04 , but my computer was pretty as useful to me as a paperweight . I was using Norton , and it was running so slow . I decided to give Kaspersky a shot before I bought another new computer . I am so glad I did ! Kaspersky found 5 viruses on my computer ! 5 ! Once they were cleaned off , my computer has run as good as new ever since . I have n't had any virus or spyware problems at all . I urge anyone with Norton -LRB- or any anti-virus software for that matter -RRB- to buy Kaspersky immediately . It is the smartest investment you can make . You do n't want to wake up one day and see all of your documents wiped off of your computer!Bradley L.
 Product was delivered ahead of projected date . Installed easily after removing Norton Internet Security , which was slowing my computer down unacceptably . Read all the reviews on NAV , MacAfee , etc , and this seemed to have the best reviews . Product is easy to use , and installed easily on my XP laptop , but I lost my networking capability when I installed it on another Win2K machine I use as a backup . Took a day to finally figure out it was Webroot Spysweeper that interrupted the networking . Disabled that , uninstalled and reinstalled KAS , and all runs fine now , w / Webroot activated again . Make sure you not only completely uninstall NAV , etc. and disable any other software that might interfere before installing KAS , and go to their website and download the product update applicable to your software . Would have ranked it a 5 star if the software disk had been the updated version , and the install went better . So far , a much faster boot-up and smoother operation of system resource-intense software using KAS . I like it !
 what Will said was true . if you own any Windows NT based operating systems such as Windows XP , 2000 , NT 4.0 , or Vista . you are out of luck , this app does not work with any windows NT based os . works with MS-DOS based like windows 3.1 to ME . if you happen to have a mac computer with os ten on it , look in system preferences in startup disks , with some of the older macs with os ten you may be able to reboot into mac os 9 to use this . if you do n't have that , than do n't buy this . what this proves here is that this software is obsolete and amazon is giving misleading info .
 After reading all of the bad reviews of the software version I decided to order the pre-programmed micro SD card instead . What a great deal -LRB- I paid only $ 103.00 -RRB- ! For that I got all of the maps pre-loaded on a 2GB SanDisk Micro SD card with no headaches or problems . It works like a charm . The only drawback is that you can not move the maps and waypoints to your MapPoint software . For me it is well worth it .
 My Garmin Etrex Vista was great for geocaching but the base map that was provided was next to useless . This card put the whole USA and it 's roads into my GPS and improved its function 100 % . I have a MacIntosh computer that is n't exactly friendly with Garmin GPS 's so this solved the problem by allowing me to by-pass my computer and install the system very easily . Easy to use , accurate and worth the money to get the most out of your compatible GPS Garmin units .
 This is a mini SD card with an SD card adapter . I 've had no problems finding any road from firebreaks to interstates . Works great to turn theGarmin Colorado 400t Handheld GPS Unit with US Topographic Preloaded Mapsinto an automobile navigation unit as well .
 Map works perfectly in my Garmin 705 and in the Oregon.Maps are accurate.Usual Packaged GPS map problem - does n't always give the most direct route -LRB- noticeable especially when you know the best route -RRB- , but always gets you where you want to go .
 If you 've used the previous versions/year 's updates -LRB- V8 and NT -RRB- then you 'll know how to use this on your GPS - It 's easy to install and works great on the Oregon . The Automotive -LRB- Zoom -RRB- Mode is especially nice as it emulates the screens of Garmins like the Nuvi . With the Oregon , you can switch between profiles -LRB- ie . Automotive and Geocaching -RRB- to get you close to a Cache and then off-road to the destination.The only drawback that I see , is that it is based on a 2Gb card when the unit will reportedly handle without issue a 4Gb card . So , you do get a little limited for photo storage or if you 're on a long trip/hike and take a LOT of photos -LRB- with the Oregon 550T -RRB- you might be better served by switching out the Map card for a larger MicroSD.Anyway it works and if you have multiple GPS units , you can move it from one to the other without unlock codes and so on ... So that is nice , now that the GREEDY BUZZARDS at NavTeQ only allow one unlock code per map set .
 This micro SD card by Garmin really expands the capabilities of my Vista Hcx . I 've used it on trips to Canada as well as the Northeast and Southwest United States , and it 's been almost infallible . The street maps were up to date , even with recent street name changes . The alerts for turns could come a little sooner -- if the speed limit is 45 or higher , sometimes the alert sounds when you should already be in the turning lane . Overall , though , a really good and useful product .
 I own several Garmin GPS receivers and use them for different purposes . I have a Colorado 400T which I use for geocaching and hiking , a nuvi 500 which I use when biking and walking in different cities -LRB- a favorite way for me to explore urban areas -RRB- and a nuvi 750 for automotive navigation . Each GPS came with it 's own map limitations
 Using this product probably could not be more simple , all you really have to do is plug it in . After doing so I was finding Geocaches faster than before and was confident to travel places unknown afore . Not only does this card unlock new details on top of the basemap but many more features I had no idea my Garmin Colorado could do . Bought it from Amazon because they are trusted and only a few bucks off the best price I found on the net . If you have a Colorado I highly recommend this product . I did n't give 5 stars because the maps certainly are not flawless but come close I suppose . My one negative ; and this is being very selective shall we say , is because a couple days ago coming back from a hike I called up the nearest gas station and the map was 0.15 mile off .
 Is this the same as the City Navigater N. America NT 2011 Data Card from Kenwood?Trying to update DNX 6160
 It works really well with the Garmin GPS that we bought in Europe . Now we can use the GPS anywhere in the states and in Europe , which is a very worthy investment by this price !
 Received in time , inserted and worked better than I thought with a Garmin Zumo 550 .
 The package came with very simple more than expected . Just micro SD card with a peace of instruction paper . It worked no problem with GARMINnuvi1365 purchased COSTCO in Japan . I will use it in Hawaii in this summer and save GPS rental cost : -RRB-
 I was skeptical at first because the price was so much cheaper than the price from from Garmin . Once I received the card and installed it , I was amazed how well it worked . That was definitely a good purchase !
 I had ordered the Oregon 450 , but without the streets and maps program , it was just too difficult for me . Since I inserted the chip ~ it 's a big change . The only thing is the time it takes to load the maps from where you are . It is use to you being at one spot and if you turn it on somewhere else ~ it takes a time to think where it 's at . No big problem though . This product is a great positive !
 This is a replacement for a two year old map chip . My wife and I use if for Geocaching , and have found quite a few caches with it . The maps even show roads in cemeteries in the middle of nowhere . The maps are usually pretty accurate , but the navigation feature sometimes get confused when the roads have changed or are n't on the chip .
 Maps are great . I use them in my Garmin handheld GPS mostly for geocaching . Lots of fun .
 This is exactly what I needed to enhance my GPS experience . It gave me the street data I needed with the directions capabilities that made it completely useful . It was easy to load up and use .
 It was easy to physically install the microSD card -- for our Edge 605 it was necessary to first open the adapter it came in and remove the microcard , and then insert the micro card into the Edge . There seemed to have been some kind of glitch initially , and it caused our Garmin re-boot and lose saved information . Fortunately we had already uploaded our previous bike rides to Garmin Connect.The map does show a lot of detail , though it does not show the Mississippi River Bike Trail -LRB- though we could have sworn that it did initially !? -RRB- . I thought that it had also identified businesses on the river side of the levee the first time we used it , but have not seen the names again . By placing the pointer over an icon , you can find out the name of a business and coordinates . You need to experiment with Settings as far as how much detail you want to be shown . It can get cluttered . It takes me a while to figure out all of the ways to change settings , and that may be why I am not seeing some businesses that I thought I saw before.Overall it is good . We have only tried it in our area , but look forward to using it on a road trip .
 I had gotten the topo map as a download but wanted the streets on my Oregon for Geocaching . I decided on the SD card . I really was n't sure if I would lose the topo data with the streets ... but I did not . I put in the card , turned on my GPS and it worked . Streets on top of the topo data . Now I only use my TomTom for long trips in the car . I use my Oregon for everything else . I never even pull out the other GPS for Geocaching . Could not be easier to install and use . My only fault with it is minor . There does not appear to be a simple way to upgrade the data ... but I do n't need hyper-accurate maps . If you are a geocacher ... you ca n't beat having the actual roads on your Oregon .
 I purchased the Garmin City Navigator North America NT `` chip '' to be used in my Garmin GPSmap 76 CSx . It is fantastic . I originally purchased the hand-held device to be used in navigating my sailboat over the Great Lakes . Then purchased the City Navigator to extend the use of the device on land during the winter months . My winter job takes me all over the state of Wisconsin and the `` land chip '' gets me there . I am ready to tackle any trip - on land or sea .
 Great for geocaching and for driving around USA and Canada . Just make sure you get the latest version or get a deal on it !
 I am using this SD Card on my Nuvi 710 that I bought in the UK . It works without any problems . Did take a minute or 2 to read the card and switch over , I did have to go change my time zone.Great product
 I bought this for my husband the Christmas after I bought him a handheld GPS with the topographical maps -LRB- so he could use it when hunting and hiking -RRB- . He commented several times that it would be nice to have the city streets as well . It is perfect for what he wanted .
 Works great ! I had no idea that the software would be so sophisticated . I use it all the time to navigate the streets in Atlanta .
 I needed a affordable one time map update for my Garmin and ordered it from Softwarelife . I like the Amazon A-Z Guarantee . It arrived early and works great !
 Product was the latest version and worked like a charm ! was as easy to get working as putting it in the device and turn it on and go !!! couldnt get easier if you tried
 I bought this as a follow up gift to the handheld Garmin GPS I got my husband for Christmas several years ago . Before I got the City Navigator he only had the topographical maps -LRB- the original intent of this gift was for him to use while hiking and hunting -RRB- . But he started to use it in the car more and more and mentioned several times that he wanted City Streets as well . We do not have the traditional dash mounted GPS , but in a pinch this is great !
 For once an easy to use software for a gps , just put it in and it works .
 UPDATE 01-22-13
 i bought this microsd card to add to my garmin 76 cs to have more detail with my handheld , so i would n't need a auto gps ! . with this card i navigate thru towns and find stores , banks etc.when on foot or driving . i 've saved a lot using my 76cs with various sd cards while traveling .
 Even though they are not the latest maps , they are great for the price ! I plugged it in and was ready to go . Had some issues with the order where the first shipment never made it but the seller was more than helpful and promptly shipped out another card .
 It 's exactly what we needed , and it does everything it says it would . We have an older model that can not be updated through the computer , so besides buying a new gps system , this really helped us out .
 Received the micro SD Card promptly and it was in perfect condition . The price was much better than ordering through Garmin so I saved a lot of money , about 50 dollars . Now I can navigate the US with no problem . Mostly useful in Cities .
 Great addition to my Garmin 60CSx . Works great and is current , even knew where my 4 year old development was . TomTom and Magellan did n't have a clue . Take my Garmin with me every time I leave the house to go anywhere , you never know when you might need to find a new address or location .
 There are enough activities in this game to keep a child occupied and engrossed for a couple of hours at a sitting on a rainy day.It really is a well designed teaching tool . A child just thinks it 's a video game , but each separate activity reinforces skills in math , logic , reasoning , sorting , counting and etc.My only complaint is that when you are in most of the different activities , the way to begin the task is to click the picture on the wall . Unfortunately , this is not mentioned , so we had to figure it out . While it 's a petty complaint , it 's about the only one I had .
 I purchased Mille 's Math House for my four year old daughter.She is able to navigate to and from all of the activities with no supervision . She enjoys all of the games but I would have to say she probably like making the crazy looking bugs the most!Awesome product at such a reasonable price !
 This game pack is a great value . Perfect for preschool age children . These are the same games that many preschools have in their classrooms . My 3 yr old absolutely loves playing these games . Very educational .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY SON WHEN HE WAS TWO AND HE KNEW HOW TO COUNT FROM 1-20 , BUT NOW BUT HTIS PRODUCT TAUGHT HIM HOW TO COUNT TO 40 . ITS A GREAT PRODUCT THAT HELP WELL WITH COMPUTER SKILLS.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT .
 I 've been using this software for about 10 years as a teacher . I was so glad to see it is still being updated to work on newer systems , and just got it for my 3 1/2 - year-old grandson for Christmas , who LOVED it-caught on to the learning activities right away . This , along with Bailey 's Book House and Sammy 's Science House are the best first software you can get for kids . Each has increasingly difficult levels on some of the activities to keep kids learning from it for a long time .
 My son , who has multiple disabilities , LOVED this program for years . Then , we upgraded computer systems and it wo n't run on Windows 7 . Anyone know if the developer is going to come out with an upgrade for Windows 7 , or as an App for iOS , even ???? My son still asks for it . : - -LRB-
 My kids had this game in DOS when they were little . We love making cookies with the horse and if you make a mistake , the frog gets to eat it . My kids are bigger , but my nephews are a perfect age . When I saw this in cd format , I just HAD to get it . I definately recommend it .
 We bought Thinkin ' Things Collection 1 and Millie 's Math House as a package . Both items have been really helpful tools for my 3 year old pre-school daughter . This is pretty good edu-tainment for her . I would recommend this item for pre-schoolers .
 As I said in my review of Bailey 's Book House , my 5-year-old twins love both of these games and play them every day . I highly recommend the game and the seller .
 Microsoft has many enemies . That 's what happens when you are # 1 and many below you wish they could be at the top.Vista is a solid product . It was not as solid the day it was released , but what is ? It 's now only been a few months and the updates that apply the moment you install or upgrade to Vista provide you with a smooth experience.Is the interface different ? Oh yea . Is it bad ? Is it slow ? No . It 's fine . Vista runs only SLIGHTLY slower on an older PC with a Pentium III chip or older but why would n't you expect that ? You ca n't get more features AND more power and expect a faster machine when your hardware is getting along in the years.In addition , if you simply do n't understand the nature of Vista , then you have n't yet read Greg Perry 's `` Sams Teach Yourself Microsoft Windows Vista All in One '' -LRB- AmazonSams Teach Yourself Microsoft Windows Vista All in One -LRB- Sams Teach Yourself -RRB- -RRB- and frankly , this is hands-down the best way for a newcomer - even if you are or are not comfortable with XP - to master EVERYthing you REALLY need to know about Vista.Software is not always obvious . That does not mean it 's bad or difficult to use or requires a huge learning curve . Once you get Vista , beg or borrow or buy `` Sams Teach Yourself Microsoft Windows Vista All in One '' and you will be ready to become a MASTER at the product . I went through what YOU are going through and I know most Vista books and sites DO NOT give you what you need to make this product work well FOR YOU . This book does and I 've read all the top-selling Vista books.Now I do n't care if you get `` Sams Teach Yourself Microsoft Windows Vista All in One '' or not , although you should , but you need to stop listening to the hype of those who have axes to grind with Microsoft . If you want to move FORWARD with your computer you need to have the juice needed which means a moderately recent PC and you need Vista.The number one reason for getting Ultimate and not a lower Vista product is the BitLocker encryption technology and the ability to make a ghosted image of your disk drive that Vista can restore . If you 've used Symantec 's DriveImage or Ghost products then you know these alone can run you more than $ 50 . It 's thrown in with Vista Ultimate and you 'll REALLY use these tools a lot .
 First of all , let me say that I have only really been working in the IT Field now for about 6 years , but DO know what I 'm talking about -LRB- Famous Last Words , right ? -RRB- . I have been using Windows Vista since last October and even THEN , I have n't experienced as much grief with this product as all of these people . It really leads me to believe that they really just do n't know what they 're doing . When I purchased Vista Ultimate on it 's actual Release day in January , I purchased the Vista Family pack as to get the two additional Upgrade licenses of Vista Home Premium and I was able to install Vista , both editions , onto 3 completely different PCs with virtually no problem issues at all ; no driver compatibility issues , no major performance issues -LRB- 2 of the PCs that got Home Premium are about 3-4 years old , so of course they are going to run a bit slower than my main PC with Vista , a P4 , 3.4 Ghz -RRB- . I am using a Linksys WRT55AG Wireless Router -LRB- Absolutely NO Issues at all -RRB- that was discovered right away and I have yet to have ANY issues with it . I also have an NVidia GPU and other than not having the ability for Desktop Spanning , all is well on that front as well . Even both of my WD External Drives Drivers were installed with no problems . My Printer was also installed right away without any issues . I have an HP PSC750 , and it 's about 7 years old.Like I said in the Title , I just do n't get it . So many people want to find ANY reason to hate Microsoft ... Well , why did you buy this in the first place if you were just going to bash it ? Why not just stick with all of the cracked copies out there and save your money?I purchased Vista because I believe it to be a far superior product over XP . Yeah it 's flashy and looks like another very famous OS , but it 's not that OS . It 's not XP . It 's new and better and over time , people will see that it 's not just another Windows Me .
 I was a bit concerned about the manner in which this chip would help with our car trip through Bavaria ... but it proved to be worth every cent.Before we left home in NC , I entered all of our destinations into Favorites , and once we arrived at the Munich airport , it did a great job of guiding us around all the major and minor roads in Germany ... for those who are familiar with what it 's like to drive in Germany , they would know that many roads fork , there are endless roundabouts , and if one does not speak German , the names of the streets contain more syllables than anyone non-German can pronounce . Our English speaking Garmin guide -LRB- we call him The English Twit -RRB- kept us on track , and when we missed a turn here or there , always came up with an excellent Plan B which got us to our hotels , palaces , castles , etc.We had printed out directions from Map Quest , but without the Dach chip , we definitely would have been driving around lost for who knows how long.So , despite the previously posted strongly negative review about this SD card , we would definitely repeat the old saying , `` Do n't leave home without it . ''
 I spend two weeks in the summer of 2010 with this in my Garmin 255W . I flew into Frankfurt picked up my rental car and drove to Weimar , Erfurt , Zeitz , Leipzig , Bamberg , Nuremburg , Wurzburg , etc. . I really had no issues .
 We drove around Austria for 5 days . This GPS is a great help . I specially like the feature of entering town or city by zip code . It giudes us to the city or little towns no problems at all . Please be careful when driving in town . The streets in European towns can be so narrow so it is hard for GPS to distinguish from one to another . I think this one needs a more completed list for hotels too .
 I bought this software to use with my Garmin Nuvi 360 for my trip to Bavaria and the Czech Republic . I programmed it with all my destinations before leaving home . On arrival in Munich , it took me directly from the airport to Passau without a hitch . BUT , when we wanted to go to Cesky Krumlov in southern Czech Rep -LRB- CZ -RRB- , the route it took us on was horrid . Instead of taking major roads , it took us through Austrian farm country into the rural hills of south CZ . We crossed the border in the middle of nowhere on a road that was barely one lane . That was pretty scary , particularly when I had to move aside for a logging truck . The next day , though , we drove to Prague , which is a terrible city to drive in . It guided us right to our destination and effectively got us out of town when it was time . We had the same experience in Munich at rush hour . After Prague , we went to a small town in Bavaria and it again gave us a bizarre route . We went through about 10-15 farm towns and made about 30 turns . I had it programmed for `` shortest route '' and I think it ignored roads and took the shortest `` as the crow flies '' . My advice -- get this for the cities and get a map for outside the cities . You 'll be happy in both cases .
 I have bought at least 8 of these CD for my grandchildren . They have fun playing them and are learning at the same time
 This is the fourth CD we have bought in the Reader Rabbit series . My son just loves to play with these CDs . He is very intent to conquer `` the game '' when he first gets a new CD ... but with the Reader Rabbit series ... he keeps coming back for more . What I like about these CDs is the child can play them at one level of understanding at first , but then go back and find new and interesting things as their learning progresses . And how could I ever forget ... the golden nugget beneath it all ... these CDs really teach valuable skills that help my son in school !
 It helped my grandaughter tremendously , and her grades improved a lot by the end of the school year , and boosted her confidence .
 My 4 year old sat down for the first time with this software at 3PM this past Saturday afternoon , and aside for a quick break for dinner -LRB- which was wolfed down because she wanted to get back to her '' ` puter '' -RRB- , she played non-stop until past 8PM . Learning her numbers , addition , phonics , grammar , following instructions -LRB- Tigger 's Treasure Hunt is great ! -RRB- ... you name it . I ca n't think of a single problem with this software . There are even 3 levels of difficulty within most of the games.Was not as impressed with the Mickey Mouse disk , but only one real quibble , really . On the spash screen where you can choose what game to play , the Pooh Bear disk says what each game is when you hover your mouse over it ... so you know what it is even if you 're pre-reading . The Mickey Mouse game does not . The rest was just fine ... and fine-tuning her listening/observation skills with the bell-hop game -LRB- hotel guests call the front desk asking for a bell-hop with blue pants , bowtie and no hat , and you have to choose the right bell-hop from what looks like the Goof Troop -RRB- is a WELL thought out game.Am DEFinitely recommending it to anyone with a 3-5 year old .
 This is an excellent pre school introduction to science . All three of my children loved it as preschoolers . I recommended it to my preschool teacher , who went to a teacher training where they raved about it . I love the sorting game , where the categories are flexible and fluid , where one item can belong in several bins . The movies are great for working with before and after , although there is only one solution , you can play it backwards ! My children always loved that . It is a kind game , without violence or commercialization . One of the few games I 'll let my preschooler play .
 I have not spent time yet with my grandson , now 4 years old , when he 's played with his science educational toy ... he is wholly into science and learning , so my guess is that he is enjoying the toy he received for the 4th birthday ...
 I bought this for a student who needed to improve his English.I had used the Spanish version when teaching Spanish.I like the gauge to measure accuracy of pronunciation
 This was one of the best programs for science that I used when I was homeschooling . My kids loved it so much that I had to put a timer on how long they could play . The lessons taught were right on level for each grade , and so much fun they did n't even realize it was schoolwork .
 I absolutely loved this game as a child . I even learned things that helped me in school many years later . If you have an older machine to play it on , the fun and learning is timeless and well worth it .
 I replaced a resource hog Vista and my computer is running so much better . I will run XP until I can afford a newer computer . Microsoft should recall Vista .
 I used this product in conjunction with the eTrex Vista unit , on a recent vacation to the UK . Traveling by train , I used the product mainly to navigate on foot in the various cities I visited . I found the pre-programmed waypoints of tourist sites , train stations , and even London tube stops , to be extremely accurate . As for the accuracy of the waypoints I uploaded by street address , it varied bit , but was still good enough to easily get me where I needed to go . My only real disappointment was with the granularity of the mapping data , as it is selected for upload . For the purposes of this feature , the country is divided into large sections , and I had cases where to get one city , I had to upload a large section containing several megabytes of data I would n't use . This of course tied up precious memory that kept me from uploading the data for other cities . Still , I found this to be a workable limitation since I could use the PC based maps to preprogram routes and waypoints for all the places I knew I would want to visit , regardless of their map section.All things considered , this product greatly enhanced my vacation . Saving me the frustration of burying my head in maps , and hunting for the elusive European street sign , this product virtually eliminated one of the biggest headaches of what is meant to be a relaxing time .
 The Metroguide software for France is more useful than the US version . The maps seem more up to date , and , due to the difficulty of finding anything in France , much more useful . I managed to find our company 's new building in a new town by punching in the address , and I was able to use my emap to find it in 10 minutes from the train station . It also seems to have up to date restaurant and attraction info for Paris and other areas .
 I bought this for use at work and so far it 's been very helpful to me .
 I used this product in conjunction with the eTrex Vista unit , on a recent vacation to the UK . Traveling by train , I used the product mainly to navigate on foot in the various cities I visited . I found the pre-programmed waypoints of tourist sites , train stations , and even London tube stops , to be extremely accurate . As for the accuracy of the waypoints I uploaded by street address , it varied bit , but was still good enough to easily get me where I needed to go . My only real disappointment was with the granularity of the mapping data , as it is selected for upload . For the purposes of this feature , the country is divided into large sections , and I had cases where to get one city , I had to upload a large section containing several megabytes of data I would n't use . This of course tied up precious memory that kept me from uploading the data for other cities . Still , I found this to be a workable limitation since I could use the PC based maps to preprogram routes and waypoints for all the places I knew I would want to visit , regardless of their map section.All things considered , this product greatly enhanced my vacation . Saving me the frustration of burying my head in maps , and hunting for the elusive European street sign , this product virtually eliminated one of the biggest headaches of what is meant to be a relaxing time .
 The Metroguide software for France is more useful than the US version . The maps seem more up to date , and , due to the difficulty of finding anything in France , much more useful . I managed to find our company 's new building in a new town by punching in the address , and I was able to use my emap to find it in 10 minutes from the train station . It also seems to have up to date restaurant and attraction info for Paris and other areas .
 I used this product in conjunction with the eTrex Vista unit , on a recent vacation to the UK . Traveling by train , I used the product mainly to navigate on foot in the various cities I visited . I found the pre-programmed waypoints of tourist sites , train stations , and even London tube stops , to be extremely accurate . As for the accuracy of the waypoints I uploaded by street address , it varied bit , but was still good enough to easily get me where I needed to go . My only real disappointment was with the granularity of the mapping data , as it is selected for upload . For the purposes of this feature , the country is divided into large sections , and I had cases where to get one city , I had to upload a large section containing several megabytes of data I would n't use . This of course tied up precious memory that kept me from uploading the data for other cities . Still , I found this to be a workable limitation since I could use the PC based maps to preprogram routes and waypoints for all the places I knew I would want to visit , regardless of their map section.All things considered , this product greatly enhanced my vacation . Saving me the frustration of burying my head in maps , and hunting for the elusive European street sign , this product virtually eliminated one of the biggest headaches of what is meant to be a relaxing time .
 The Metroguide software for France is more useful than the US version . The maps seem more up to date , and , due to the difficulty of finding anything in France , much more useful . I managed to find our company 's new building in a new town by punching in the address , and I was able to use my emap to find it in 10 minutes from the train station . It also seems to have up to date restaurant and attraction info for Paris and other areas .
 I have been using this program for a long time and I find nothing wrong with the XP office suite . I have the full version . It 's faster than it 's previous versions . It loads in half the time that the previous versions do . Those having problems with it let me make a suggestion . Buy a copy of Norton 's SystemWorks 2002 . It will fix any problems with your computer . The problems some of you are having are probably Windows related -LRB- broken shotcuts , invalid links etc. -RRB- I love Windows ME and XP Office 2002 - they work great together.billy
 I like the integrated firewall . I do n't have Office on this machine , and had no problems using Outlook Express . I am not so sure I like the indexing service but , heck , you do n't have to use it . I have been running TheSims on it and it works just great for that game . I have also used the web browser extensively . I hardly ever log in to AOL , but it is compatible with XP . Weatherbug works . If you buy a machine with Me on it , try to get the XP upgrade for -LRB- price -RRB- . Updating XP has run slick as a whistle . I think it is a smooth transition from the old Dos-based opsys to the new kernel . Since I have n't used it with Windows I ca n't speak to problems integrating it there . I likethe Weatherbug on my desktop , and it is also compatible with XP.So my experience has been very good .
 This is one of the best computer programs for bible study I have used . It was easy to install and is very user friendly . The price was also good . I recommend this CD to anyone who would like to study the Bible using their computer .
 I have been looking for an electronic Bible for a while now . When I came across this product , I was pleased . Zondervan is a company my church and home family have trusted for years.While I love the product , I would have to say that the browsing program , Pradis , takes a little getting used to . Still though , the product works well , and after you learn how to use it you are home free.I would recommend this product to anyone seeking an electronic Bible who has at least basic computer skills and the will to learn a new program .
 This is an excellent choice for a computer-based Bible study program at a very reasonable price . It features the NIV translation that many people -LRB- including me -RRB- regard as the best of the contemporary versions . The study notes are concise but very helpful . Also , you can add just about as many other versions and references as you wish -LRB- at additional cost , of course .
 This is the best for anyone from just wanting to get aquainted with the Bible and historical corollaries , to people who are more scholars and doing basic research into their favorite topics . I got mine used for $ 25 and got a real deal .
 This is a GREAT Bible for the computer . I love the features and use it frequently . I HIGHLY recommend this program for anyone who wants a Bible for their desktop computer .
 If you read the NIV Bible and use the study Bible you simply must add this Bible to your computer.Demons and Prophets
 This is a really cool user friendly desktop Bible . I read it now , instead of surfing aimiably looking at usless stories on the web .
 Goood for studying Bible & NIV is very suitable for ones who are using English as Second language .
 I would definitely purchase items from them again . Extremely fast shipping & great customer service . FIVE STARS !
 This map of the West Coast states , adds over 300,000 points of interest to your Magellan Roadmate driving experience . All the street names and addresses , wineries , parks , hotels , restaurants , golf courses and all kinds of interesting places are included.As you know the Magellan Roadmate 300 comes only with the North America basemap preloaded which means you can navigate major highways between major cities ; that 's it ... So you need this card in order to utilize your Magellan RoadMate 300 to its maximum ability , when you 're driving the Pacific time zone . So many states are included , it is an incredible value !!!! Who needs a $ 19 road atlas , or a $ 9.95 folding map when you have a talking navigation system that has the whole west coast memorized WITH ALL the points of interest that exist !!!!! I love it . And priced under 30 bucks , This will definitely put the road atlas publishers out of business !!!!
 this game rocks . dont let people tell you diffrent . okay sure the 3-d sucks but think about it is that the only reason your buying it , for the 3-d , if you are then for get it this game is lousy when it comes to 3-d . but it has 3 choice of levels in three diffrent games just like the movie . its a blast . my mom likes the level were you surf on lava its hard to get there but i got there . i play like once a week trust me !!!!!!! its not waisting your money !!!!
 Hey slothmo , This is a place for actual reviews not your rants about pc versus dedicated game boxes . I saw that the product got one star , and if I had n't taken the time to read your ramblings I might not have purchased the game . Do n't give something one star and have the nerve to not actually have used the title.I 'll send a real review after I 've had a chance to play it on my SCREAMING FAST PC!W -
 My daughter absolutely loves this game and it is one of her favorites ! It 's filled with fun and creative activities and lasts a lot longer than most Barbie games do . The graphics are not very advanced , but that does not matter because they are very beautiful and , in my opinion , truly make the game look like a fairy tale adventure . My daughter prefers these classic graphics over those of `` Secret Agent Barbie '' and `` Barbie in the 12 Dancing Princesses '' . She had no difficulty moving Erika around . We did receive a couple of errors . One was during the activity where the stained-glass windows are created , but we restarted the game and it took us right where my daughter left off . We did not receive this error after that . Please note that we might have gotten this error because we run the game on Windows Vista . The second error that occured and others have mentioned was during the activity where Erika has to find three singers for the concert . As long as you give the flowers to the right singers you will not get this error . Other than those two errors , the game works perfectly fine on Windows Vista . I highly recommend this game . I do not think your child will be at all dissapointed !
 My six year old LOVES this game ! She has played it over and over and keeps getting better at it . I am so impressed with the graphics and I like the challenges that make her think . ie . making pathways with logs , using colors to decode ... stuff like that . I highly recommend this .
 My daughter loves this game . She got it for christmas last year when she was 5 1/2 . She still loves this game . And what I loved was that it took her a few days to finish , unlike some other games that she finished in one sitting , which is really frustrating to her , cause after playing the Princess and the Pauper , she kind of expects all the games to be great and have lots of things to do . The graphics are pretty cool , and there are lots of things to do , from making cakes , to making pretty stained glass windows , to decorating rooms , planting flowers and watering them and watching them grow , playing with and grooming the cats , helping the neighborhood people with tasks , and so much more , I can go on and on . I have no complaints about this game . My daughter has a nice collection of computer games , and this one is by far the best one yet ! You definitely will not be wasting your money on this game !
 My daughter really enjoyed this game , and did not run across the bug others have mentioned below.However - please note that she is a `` highly gifted '' 8 year old and a computer game wizard - and even so , she got stuck a couple of times and needed help . So I can see that for younger kids , this game might not be appropriate . But it is great for girls in that `` too old for toys , too young for boys '' stage , who are still young enough to love Barbie but do n't need to add another doll to their collections.She played it for weeks -LRB- maybe a couple months -RRB- before she got to the end , but enjoyed it solidly every time she played . Once she got to the end , she went through it a few more times but has now put it aside.For us it was a nearly-perfect game , as she got a lot of hours of play out of it.My main problem with it is that the chores Erika has to do are so stereotypically female - sewing stuff , baking lots of cakes , and so forth . She has to be a kind of `` Stepford Barbie '' in order to be coronated . But whatever - my daughter enjoyed it , and that 's what really matters .
 Our Daughter loves this game . Its Very Challenging and entertaining for her .
 My five year has been glued to this game for days now -LRB- aftr christmas -RRB- forget the interactive cat and spring for this . Believe me the cat IS NOT WORTH IT and this is.Yes it moves a bit slowly -- so maybe someone under the age of four would be bored ... But there are so many levels of things to do-and done so wonderfully , imaginatively -- we all get in front of the computer and play!where else can a child of four be enticed to weave i ask you ??!?!? I really is coool -- and very girly .
 Beloved game for any 8 years old kids . Younger or older will love it too . I definitely would recommend it to anyone who asks about it .
 This is a game where you are Erika and you have to complete many deeds in order to become the queen in three days . So , you have to complete all these tasks which requires you to go all over the town.You get to bake cakes , take care of a kitten , grow flowers , and much , much more.This is probably a great game for a kid -LRB- probably a girl -RRB- who is at the age where she knows how to basicaly can understand words -LRB- read to her -RRB- and knows how to use a mouse.This is a really fun game but , as you get older you might still like it at the age of nine you do n't have to like the Princess and the Pauper to play this game . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This was the very first computer game we ever bought for our then 5 year old daughter . I played the game with her at first but she figured it out pretty quick . We had lots of fun playing it together.It teaches problem solving and kindness towards others . You have to use your brain to learn your way around the kingdom and remember where everyone is since all the characters have to be visited numerous times throuhout the game to accomplish different tasks.I 've read that some people were n't happy that it presses girls into a certain role , baking cakes etc. . Well Erika has to chop wood and things like that , that 's usually a job for a `` man '' . And let 's face it , Barbie is a girly girl , what 's wrong with baking cakes and sowing etc.Between finding keys to unlock royal tasks , baking , growing flowers , decorating , chopping wood , picking fruit , aligning logs to make a path across the swamp , rescuing kittens , feeding and playing with the kittens and finding talented singers for the choir this is an excellent game for young Barbie fans . There are many more tasks than that , to many to name and of course I have to leave some of it for you to find out.We did n't encounter the bug as other people have mentioned and my daughter is playing the game for the second time now and all by herself without my help . I wonder if maybe some of the CD 's are deffective , or maybe those peoples computer settings are different then the ones who did n't have that problem.This was the perfect game to introduce our daughter to computer gaming and worth every penny . It has set the foundation for her to make it easier when she plays other games and has made her computer skills better .
 OK , first thing I want to say , I did not play this game from beginning to end when this review was written , but I watched my sister , Russian Blue Witch , play it and I played it from beginning to middle . It 's a good game , I like the bright colors in the so-called banners -LRB- the banners look more like flags -RRB- . I LOVE making cakes , but I do n't like doing stained glass windows very much . Oh , I suppose I should tell you the basic plot . Well , you need to help Erika the pauper to become queen by doing some things you have to do before you can become queen . Anneleise helps with the decorating . -LRB- I like decorating ! -RRB- You can find kittens by singing and take care of the kittens . -LRB- I like taking care of kittens ! -RRB- And just for fun , you can take care of Serafina and Wolfie . But something I do n't like is when you play with Wolfie , he meows . He barks , for goodness sake ! I like the game , but I get bored of it when I play it for a long time . ~ Chocolate Dog ~
 We love this game ! It 's fun and once the kids get the hang of it they can navigate around the kindgom quite easily , doing the various tasks and doing fun things like cake decorating , caring for the kittens , and making stained glass windows . One thing I really like about this game is that the voices and background music are soft and pretty - none of the usual hyper techno-sounds that accompany so many computer games .
 Well Santa hit the jack pot with this one . My 6 year old loves this game . She has been begging to use the computer since Santa brought it . She even got a barbie computer and this wins hands down . She can play the game by herself and if she has trouble reading anything she can click on the speaker icon and the computer will read it for her . Brilliant , on other games all I hear is Mommy , I need help . So this is perfect . It is even entertaining for me to watch her play . She figures out puzzles , listen to clues to her next task . It is a great game .
 I LOVE Princess and the Pauper ! I love to have fun decorati n'the castle and makin ' cakes and stained-glass windows.Overall this game is wonderful and educational!Beautiful , too ! My favorite part of the game is the coronation and the little song . Unlike other people , I have n't hit that bug at all . I think it 's something about '' no lip-synch data '' and '' giving people flowers '' . After all , who would give a bad singer flowers ?!?!? -LRB- well maybe a few ... -RRB- PS
 My daughter played this game for hours and loved it . Some have said that there is a ` bug ' that prevents you from finding the singers for the coronation . But it CAN be done .
 If you are seeing the error message `` LipMgr.play - > EzDlgNone has loaded no lip synch data '' on the singer recruiting task , here 's how to get past it : This bug will not occur if you only give a flower to the correct singers -LRB- the ones who sing note patterns that match Erika 's -RRB- . Watch the little display in the lower right of the screen and sing any of the three patterns shown at the top . When the correct singers respond , their note pattern will appear below Erika 's . Give them a flower . But if the singer is bad , only gray circles will appear . If you give a bad singer a flower , you will often hit the bug . So just make sure your daughter does n't try to recruit the bad singers , and all should be well.Except for this bug , the game is a lot of fun . My 5 year old loves it , and was able to play the entire game with almost no help .
 My 4 year old daughter loves this game . She 's 2 years below the recommended age , but with adult supervision and coaching is able to play the game.This game builds on itself . You begin with easy tasks and progress to more difficult tasks that require a more mature thought process . I am able to discuss the problem solving steps with my child during this game and she is able to then deduct what she should do next.Her favorite tasks are baking cakes , making stained glass windows , flags , and taking care of the kittens in this game . You are only required to do each of these tasks once . However , it is possible to go back and do these tasks multiple times -LRB- which my daughter does repeatedly -RRB- . This game is nice because it makes the learning process fun . My daughter loves the storyline and is anxious to get to the coronation of Erika . -LRB- I have to admit that I played the game through one evening after my daughter was asleep just to see what happened at the end . -RRB- Anytime you exit the game , your point of progess in the game is saved . This means that you can stop at anytime and resume hours or days later where you left off . I love this feature as the game is lengthy . I believe there are 18 or so tasks to solve.This game is just good , clean fun .
 My daughters are ages 4 and 6 . They both LOVE this game ! There are so many places to go and things to do . They play this game several times a week and still have n't completed it yet - so it has n't lost it 's charm yet . I bought the game as soon as it came out because they love the Princess and the Pauper movie and it has provided hours and hours of enjoyment ! I imagine they will still be having as much fun with it months from now too because of all the creative activities in the game . They get to decorate cakes , design stained glass windows that are then put in the windows of the shops , they can wander all around the town and the woods . They have to find Erika 's kitten lost in the woods by singing songs , and much more ... I have as much fun watching and listening to them play as they have playing the game !
 My daughters absolutely love this game-I thought it might be difficult for my 3 1/2 year old , but my 5 year old helped her along the way . As far as `` bugs '' that another reviewer said they had gotten-that is caused either by lack of memory in the computer or you need a new video card for the computer-we have 2 computers , mine and my husbands computer is fully loaded with everything we need and it is very fast . Our daughters computer on the other hand has quite a bit of memory and a good video card but when the girls use the game on their computer Erica walks much slower and hesitates when you need to hear her tell you something-but when it is played on our computer-Erica walks very fast and has no problem speaking when asked a question . Another tip about the game is make sure that you turn OFF your screen saver or that you have it set to come on at least 20 minutes or more -LRB- both of ours have a Flat Screen LCD Monitor -RRB- - I mention this because if the child walks away and the screen saver comes on and then the child goes back to play the game , the game window will be much smaller than before and there is no way to maximize the window again or even to exit out of the game without going into the task manager and ending the program that way . All in all the game is fabulous and very creative , it keeps the girls attention focused on the game , unlike alot of the other games that are out there . Best thing to do before purchasing the game CHECK YOUR COMPUTERS SYSTEM AND MAKE SURE THAT YOU HAVE ALL THE REQUIREMENTS NECESSARY TO PLAY THE GAME-READ ALL THE GAMES SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ON THE PACKAGE DESCRIPTION-if you get it without doing so-the game will not play properly and either you will get stuck with an unusable game or you will end up having to shell out more $ $ $ $ $ $ to upgrade your computer just for the game . Not to mention the fact that you will also have a very unhappy little girl on you hands.I love the game and so do my girls-if you have all the requirements-I recommend you get it for your little princess .
 This game is great ! It has so many things to do and redo ! My daughter is 4 and adores this game and she can do everything on it . I had no problems with this game at all . This is my first review I have ever wrote , I usually do n't , but this game was so good , I made it a point to write in .
 My 8 year old girl has several Disney princess games and they 're stupid , so I was skeptical about this . Way better then Disney . It 's an excellent game , my daughter plays all the time . In fact the whole family likes to play it . From my 3 year old son to my `` tough guy '' husband . We like decorating cakes and making stain glass windows in a thousand different ways . The graphics , color , and sound are great . I highly recommend it . We have not experienced a bug like another reviwer did . I have not experienced that on any of my games .
 A great reference tool that 's much more informative and instructional than the documentation in Apple 's DVDSP manual . When I want to learn how to do something in DVDSP 2.0 this book is the first reference tool I pick up , and I 've rarely had to look elsewhere . Apple ought to have Erica write their tech manual on version 3.0 ! Bob StearnsNext Chapter Graphics
 DVD Studio Pro Solutions has been just great while getting up to speed on DVD Authoring this year . Of the many very good books I 've got , DVD Studio Pro Solutions was the most accessible of the books I 've got -LRB- i.e. I could find out what I needed to know , when I needed to know it ! -RRB-
 I used this product in conjunction with the eTrex Vista unit , on a recent vacation to the UK . Traveling by train , I used the product mainly to navigate on foot in the various cities I visited . I found the pre-programmed waypoints of tourist sites , train stations , and even London tube stops , to be extremely accurate . As for the accuracy of the waypoints I uploaded by street address , it varied bit , but was still good enough to easily get me where I needed to go . My only real disappointment was with the granularity of the mapping data , as it is selected for upload . For the purposes of this feature , the country is divided into large sections , and I had cases where to get one city , I had to upload a large section containing several megabytes of data I would n't use . This of course tied up precious memory that kept me from uploading the data for other cities . Still , I found this to be a workable limitation since I could use the PC based maps to preprogram routes and waypoints for all the places I knew I would want to visit , regardless of their map section.All things considered , this product greatly enhanced my vacation . Saving me the frustration of burying my head in maps , and hunting for the elusive European street sign , this product virtually eliminated one of the biggest headaches of what is meant to be a relaxing time .
 The Metroguide software for France is more useful than the US version . The maps seem more up to date , and , due to the difficulty of finding anything in France , much more useful . I managed to find our company 's new building in a new town by punching in the address , and I was able to use my emap to find it in 10 minutes from the train station . It also seems to have up to date restaurant and attraction info for Paris and other areas .
 My 4 yo can operate much of this game . I 'd rate it more for a 6 yo though ... not any older . It 's fun to dress up the horses . Not really a learning game , just for fun .
 This is an okay game . Boring . All you do is ride around in a circle , and `` decorate '' your horse . All that means is the sadle and bridle . And who said anything about grooming ? If you want to save your money and your pashince , do n't get this game .
 This is a Christmas gift for my daughter and I know that she will LOVE IT !! I ca n't wait to see her reaction on Christmas Morning !
 My daughter loves this game . She picked it out and bought it with her own money . It is her first computer game and she could spend all afternoon on the computer , if daddy and mommy let her :-RRB- She is 6 years old and it is easy enough for her to use with out our help , but it also keeps her thinking . Plus this way we do n't have to answer the old `` Mommy will you buy me a pony ? '' question , as the computer game has many to choose from .
 THIS LOOKS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOL I CA N'T WAIT 2 GET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!! MY MOM JUST ORDERED IT FOR MY SIS AND I !!!!!!!!!! I CAN NOT WAIT TO PLAY !!!!!!!!! IT LOOKS BETTER THAN OTHER BARBIE GAMES BECAUSE IT HAS PARTS WERE YOU HAVE TO EARN STUFF FOR MODELING !!!! I 'M OVER THE STAGES OF BARBIES BUT THIS LOOKS GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I RECOMMEND THIS !!!!!!!!!!!
 this game is fun and exciting for a girl like me.i 'm already into it.i feel sorry about myself becuase they do n't ship it in india but you get one for yourself.so get going .
 I have not perchesed this game yet , but I think it will be very very very vvveeerrryyy fun . I have a really strong worry that it will be hard to set up . I did not have this worry until I read the other posted reviews that said it would not work or was hard to set up . But other than that it seames to be a really fun game .
 this game is very creative and fun for all girls
 This game is the coolest it gave me no trouble at all . Buy this you wo n't be disapointed and its only a click away .
 My daughter , who is 8 , loves this game . She spends great amount of time putting together the fashions . The game comes with many different `` shows '' -- you can put on a show with a theme like Bridal , Retro , Asian , Back to School , Pajama Party , etc.You choose the outfits , the shoes , the models , the design of the runway and the music . Then the computer animates the whole thing and you use a `` camera '' to take pictures for your album so you can remember what you chose.The only bad things about this program
 Direct X 9 may be asking for routines that are not present in driver software for the older cards -LRB- 16 and 32 MB -RRB- . Try going to either nvidias or ATIs sites to download updated drivers for your cards . This is actually common practice for game fans , but is probably quite a suprise for a more casual audience .
 We bought this for her when she was 5 years old and she still plays with it . It can be completed over and over since each fashion show has you design a few outfits -LRB- with hundreds of options -RRB- , choose model , hair and shoe styles , design the stage , have the models run through their paces and choose their moves , then you take pictures of the fashion shoot . It never gets boring.My 11 year old nephew played it , I played it and my Father , a 52 year old Col. in the Army played it . Great fun , all the neighborhood kids want to come over and play it too !
 This game is fun because you get to pick out shoes , clothes and hairstyles . You also choose which Barbie you want to put it on . Sometimes you can match it . There is also a game called Beauty Boutique ; it is a little better because you get to design faces , too , and clothes.I have had the game a year , and I do n't play it much now . I think I would play it more if it played on my computer -LRB- Mac -RRB- , instead of Daddy 's computer -LRB- PC -RRB- .
 This is the 2nd time I 've purchased this program for my daughters . They never get tired of it . They are 4 , 7 , and 10 years old . All of them love it . You create your own fashions for a runway show . You coreograph the moves the models do . You design the stage . There 's nothing that compares to this software .
 I am basing my review on observing my 8 year old granddaughter 's reaction to it . She -LRB- and actually her twin brother -RRB- really enjoyed choosing the outfits and coordinating them . Only wished there were more ! .
 This game is so much fun ! First , you pick out and design clothes . Then you choose models , and pick the shoes and hairstyles . Next , you choose the stage , backrounds , music , and moves for the models . This game is very fun . I can do it for hours .
 That 's the question I ask myself everytime I play the game ! You have to make your own fashions , dress up your model friends , and make your own fashion show!HIGLY RECCOMMEND FOR GIRLS OF THE AGES 8-11 ! unless , your daughter or someone you know likes babrbie , get it ! * does get a little boring but it is fun *
 I bought this for my 4 year old daughter -LRB- now 5 -RRB- and she absolutely LOVES this game . In fact , its the only game that she consistently plays . No puzzles or learning game , but develops her creativity , hand-eye-mouse coordination and decision making skills . She is so proud at the end of a design and watching her face light up during the `` show '' at the end that she has worked so hard to create is an absolute joy !
 I bought this as Christmas present for my daughter . The game works fine . Its a Dell system with an ATI Radeon 128MB video card , Direct X 9 . I think the key here is the video card , I would suggest running this on nothing less the 128mb card No problems as of yet
 I think this game is very helpful and creative ! I love to design clothes and this game made me interested even more . Now i can experience fashion , use my ideas in the game and see how it looks like.I would really recommend this game to all girls . They will not be sorry !
 I think this game is one of the best games that I have ever owned.It 's great for all ages , Im ten and I love it because it is one of those games that lets your Imaginetion soar.It 's defintely worth the money!Ilove it!And I hope you do too .
 My 10 year old received this for Christmas this year and absolutely loves it ! Its very simple to work and tons of fun . I even enjoy designing the clothes myself . You also get to pick the models , the stage , the stage decorations , the lighting , the music , and you even choose the poses for the models . Your daughter will have hours and hours of fun with this one !
 Santa brought this . My 9 year old played it for 6 hours yesterday and has called the computer for when she wakes up today . It has run flawlessly . I 've got a year old Dell which was at the time the cheapest one that they sold - a Dimension 2400 . We upgraded the RAM when Sims 2 came out . Other than that we have made no modifications to the computer . I think that the specs for this game are fairly similar to the specs for Sims 2 . If you can run Sims 2 , this will probably work . And it is very good when it works .
 I wanted to be a fashion designer and this was obviously the game for me . You can make clothes pick shoes , hairstyles and everything ! I would recommend makeup choices and jewelry choices , but until they make the same exact barbie game that does I 'm sticking with this game because I recommend this game to all girls 5 & up !
 I think that most of this game is fun , but a few parts of it are boring.There is a part where you pick what moves the models will do in the show . But you have to watch them walk clear around the stage and it takes a while . I either pick a small stage or just skip this . To skip it , you push the button that makes the model start walking then it turns into an X . If you push the X the model goes back to the start of the stage and you do n't have to do it.The other bad part is that you have to color the backs of the clothes ! If you do n't want to , just color the front then start the next outfit . When you go back to the first outfit the back will be colored exactly like the front!The rest of the game is fun . I like to design the clothes . The first time you play it you do about 9 different shows that a lady named Cookie tells you what the theme is . When you 're done you get an award and you can keep doing shows without starting over ! The computer does say the theme but you do n't have to do the theme after you finish the nine games and get the award . At the show they 'll just say `` This is the best fashion show ever ! '' or something like that.I also like to choose who wears what clothes and pick their hairstyles and shoes . You can even send your clothes to barbie.com ! I have n't done it yet , but I 've seen clothes that people designed on barbie.com . I think I know how to do it , but I might be wrong . When you are choosing their hairstyles and shoes there is a button in the corner that says `` barbie.com . '' That might be how you send the clothes.I also like to see the shows , but after you have a lot you have to delete them to do more . You have to delete your clothes when you do this.There are a few boring parts , but most of it is a fun game . I do not like Barbie anymore but I like this game . I do like the new Barbies better . But it 's annoying that all the blond dolls are girly and have blue eyes and wear pink.Even if you do not like Barbie , you might like this game .
 I Bought this game for my two daughters aged 5 & 6 and I do not know who has more fun playing it , them or me!The graphics are great . The fabric choices are fun and varied . The different assignments are interesting and challenging and the fashion shows at the end of each cahllenge are fun to put together and watch and put music too and take pictures of.I would highly recommend this for all ages . Even the older girls in the neghborhood love playing it with us !
 My daughters -LRB- ages 10 , 7 and 4 -RRB- love to create and design new fashions . This purchase is the best we 've made in quite some time . No disappointments !
 I bought this for my daughter and we sat down and played for at least three hours . I think I enjoyed it as much as she did . It was also very interesting to see that she had such a flair for style and could even make better designs than I could . We love this game .
 This game is great . You get to design outfits by choosing material and colors . The game has separates and you decide what you want to put with what . As you go level to level , you increase your choices on clothes styles , colors , patterns , hair choices , and shoe choices . Once you design the clothes , you choose people to model them , then get to design the runway . You get to choose background , lighting , poses for the models and music . I have an 8 year old who loves this game . My 4 year old can play it too - her things might not match but she has a great time doing it . I would recommend this game to anyone who likes to be creative , especially a child that likes to play with dolls or does dress up . It 's the next step .
 This is a very fun game especially for little girls that LOVE to dress-up . My daughter was so excited to get this game and was n't a bit disappointed . She will probably spend hours playing this game .
 this is a game i play for hours and i love it . here are some pros and cons.pros : . choose from 5 models including barbie . . make any fashions you want according to the theme . -LRB- over 50 fabrics , stickers , cloths , shoes , and hair styles = gives you about 300 choices -RRB- . make the stage the way you want add lights music animation and statues . . find the right moves to do . . take up to five pictures for each theme to look at later or print . . here are some of the themeasiafuturehippieretroweddingslumber partyback to schoolbeach and more.you get 3 levels and the higher the theme the more fashions you make . . after 3 levels you can make your own theme and use all the fashions you got for each theme !!!! . you get 3 studios that are totally diffrent !!! cons.no makeup -LRB- big deal -RRB- you will love trust me please !!!! it will never stop being fun . its great if you dont believe me then you just missed out on a great game .
 My two granddaughters -LRB- age 6 & 8 -RRB- love this new CD and can play for hours if I would let them . I really like the fact that they can both play `` together '' if they want . The sessions do n't take forever so they can switch off being the designer and the `` helper '' without having to wait so long between sessions . I would highly recommend this .
 I bought this game as a birthday present for my 10 year old niece . She was staying with us for a few days , so she & I played the game together . It only took us 3 days to finish the entire game ! No , we were n't playing 24/7 !! :-RRB- Both Jessica & I had fun with the game , but for the money it should have lasted longer . Overall , it was an enjoyable game . Just keep in mind that it wo n't take long to finish . My 8 year old niece also has this game , and she loves to play it over & over . I , as the adult , am probably the only one who has an issue with the `` shortness '' of the game .
 When I first recieved this game , I was excited . But after playing it for an hour or so , I was HOOKED . Being the creative , artistic person I am I enjoyed creating and designing the fashion for the fashion show . I would always concentrate on making it fun and stylish , but sticking to the theme , like school days , pajama night night , and the other themes . Picking the stage and the background was fun , and picking the poses when the models walk down the runway was a little confusing , but cool to put together . I especially liked picking the model and seeing which outfits I like on which model the best . The more outfits you have to make as the game nears its end , the better ! I loved this game and recommend it ! It was so fun and on bored rainy days , this helped me not be so bored anymore !
 My daughters , 11 & 9 , love this game . Even though they are not a fan of Barbie , they both really enjoy the ability to create ` new fashions ' and then show them off at the ` fashion show . ' I highly recommend this game for any girl from 7-14 . It is probably the best game I have ever obtained for my pre-teen daughters .
 I purchased this for my daughter and she ca n't stop using it . It allows her creative side to show . She absolutely loves it .
 My 5 year old daughter had been a little computer phobic , not even slightly interested in playing learning games ! Her grandmother bought this game for her as well as another Barbie `` beauty '' game . She LOVES them !! And since she is more familiar with the computer , she now loves to play her learning games as well . My daughter has no problems navigating this game on her own and when she sits down to play , she is engrossed for hours ! A MUST HAVE in our house ...
 kids loved it . fast delivery . need to order another one for them to take home .
 My cousin got this game for Christmas and showed me it . Now I 'm begging my mom for it . I ` ts really fun you make clothes , design the runway , choose music , ane even choose the model -LRB- s -RRB- that you want to model in you chothes ! I highly recemend this for girls . They will love it .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old daughter , and she loved it . With very little instruction from me , she was able to get started . And she has played ever since . She loves designing the fashions , choosing the background music and lighting for the fashion shows , and putting on her own shows . My 9 year old daughter , who is NOT into Barbie at all , plays and loves this game , too .
 I bought this for my 5 yr old who is a barbie fan for Christmas . She can play with it for hours if I let her ! I am still trying to convince her to let me design an outfit . : -RRB-
 this game is sooo much fun !!! after I do my homework and walk my two dogs with my mom , I go on the computer and play this game . it is so much fun ! It starts out where they give you 10 + patterns to start on the catagory they assign you and each catagory you get more new patterns along with outfits , colors , hair -LRB- for your models -RRB- , acessoreies , and new stages which barbie , kayla , leiha , or christie model your outfits that you designed ! There also is new music to unlock every catagory which you play for you 're show and during your show given a camera with 6 shots in it per show you can capture close-ups or full-legnth of your beautiful outfits designed by you .
 My 8 yr old daughter loves this game . As I watched her play , I wanted to play too , which is not the case with most of her PC games . There are quite a few `` fabrics '' , clothing styles , shoes , hairstyles , and accessories -LRB- decals for the clothes -RRB- to choose from . You can also change the stage , stage lighting , music , and walkway moves for the models . The only way I would improve this game would be to add jewelry choices . Definitely worth the money .
 I got this for my 6 year old niece and she loves it ! Perfect for that little girl who loves being a girl !
 My daughter who is 8 loves this computer game.It offers various stages and lots of fun .
 I recently bought this for my daughters ages 7 and 10 and they both love it . They 've even let me play and I have to admit that it is pretty cool . The girls and I are very happy with it , my only problem is that they both want to play it all the time .
 This is a great game . I bought it for my 5 years old daughter , and she loves it . It let you pick cloth style , select fabric color and patten -LRB- kinda like coloring -RRB- , pick model , hair style , shoes . Then you get to pick the stage , set up how model walks on the stage , music , etc. . It 's a cool kid 's game . Makes me want to fight with my little one to play : p
 I have had this game for many years , and even thought I am fifteen years old now , I still love to play this game ! I only wish we could make our own patterns for the clothes - some of the clothing is too basic for me , and I think it would add to the fun of the game if , after you finish all the assignments , you could create your own clothes to color in.This game is fun for kids of all ages . I think that adults might even like this game , if they were into fashion enough.The music in the game can get somewhat annoying , but it 's also catchy . There 's not a lot of detail in the clothes during the runway show , but I do n't think you can expect too much detail from this game , anyway . Mainly , the game is about making clothes to impress `` Cookie '' , your boss . It 's so much fun , and once you finish every objective you can make whatever you want for your very own runway shows.I recommend this game for girls who like fashion and Barbie . Girls of all ages !
 My kids love this game . I have to keep a timer so they are not on the computer all day . The game allows the player to create outfits with different patterns , colors , and different types of clothes.It is an endless choice . The kids can pick what model they want to use to display their creations . It is great for the imagination .
 I like this game it is fun ! I like creating the outfits and all . I was disappointed when the dress on the cover was n't in the game .
 Excellent cd game for kids . Girls or boys . Even Moms , dads , grammas too . Hours of imaginative thinking . Create your own adorable fashion clothes for Barbies models . Such fun I have with my granddaughters and grandson .
 I 'm a 25 year old guy and even I like this game . My 5 year old daughter is ecstatic . She has been playing it non-stop and with 10 levels worth of stuff I 'm sure she will enjoy it way more and much longer than the lame Barbie Skate game or the Barbie Horse that she has beaten 57 times.This game is n't just clothes , it lets you create the whole show . You do everything from picking models and choosing their hair and shoes to setting up the theme , decorations , lighting and music of the runway . Then you decide what poses you want the models to do and take pictures during the show.It 's fun , relatively easy to learn -LRB- for my 5 year old -RRB- , and has tons of replay value . The only negative thing I can think of is that the music is kind of lame . Other than that it 's the best game I 've ever gotten for my daughter .
 My 8 year old and 11 year old both love this game . It serves as a great incentive to clean their room - '' you can play Barbie Fashion Show after you clean your room '' - IT WORKS . My kids love to show us their latest fashions , and can print them out to show their friends too !
 My two daughters 6 and 8 love this game . They play it constantly ! It is so much fun and easy to use . I usually have to tell them to get off the computer . My 14 year old niece was sick over Thanksgiving . She asked me if she could use my computer . I had barbie fashion show in the cd drive . She started playing it and played it for about 3 hours . I would recommend this game to any girl who loves fashion . The only problem we had was when we tried to put it on an older computer that was running Windows 98 . It works great with windows XP .
 This is a great game . My daughters got it for Christmas last year and still play it all the time . It 's very easy to install and understand . They and their friends spend hours playing it !!! There are endless designs and fashion shows to come up with . Players can even select various backgrounds and music for the shows . They can also take photos as the models walk the runway and save them to an album . I plan on buying my niece one for Christmas this year .
 My 10 year old granddaughter loves designing outfits , and this program is just the right tool for her . She had the older version of Barbie Cool Looks Fashion Designer and used it for quite a while . This new program is so much more sophisticated and interesting . She just loves the whole new experience with this designing program .
 I think this game is very self explanatory , but not educational . Its motion picter is great it really fells like your at the fashion show and taking pictures . I think this game was very well put together . I like how you get to chose your own fashion and the computer does n't chose it for you.Review by my daughter .
 We purchased this game for our daughters , 6 & 8 . They both absolutely love it . It allows them to use their imaginations to set up not only the fashions but the models , the music and the stage for the show , etc. . They love watching the show at the end because they created it all by themselves . The reason I came online and wrote this review is because I am now purchasing this for my 6 year old niece .
 This is the best computer game for little girls by far !!! I bought it for my 6-year-old daughter for Christmas & she has spent hours playing it already -- much longer than anything else she received.She loves being able to select the outfits , hairstyles , stage set-up , etc. in accordance with each `` fashion assignment '' . As you progress , you are rewarded with additional models and more `` stuff '' to choose from . We had no problem with the program running as some of the other reviewers complained about.I have been buying Barbie software for 13 years -LRB- Detective , Super Sport , Pet Rescue , Riding Club , Sleeping Beauty , Princess Bride , Ice Show , Hair Styler , etc. etc. -RRB- & this is the best one yet . We have the old `` Barbie Fashion Designer '' but this is far superior . Buy it for your little girl today !!
 My 5 year chose this game because she played it at a friend 's house . She needed a lot of adult help to make it through the first round , but after she understood the sequencing she can do it all by herself . You are Barbie a fashion designer & you get a job to design at first 3 pieces , you have to choose the style , & color & can add stickers to your clothes . Then you choose your model & her hair & shoes . Then you design a runway & your model 's walk & choose music . The you have your fashion show - & you take pictures at the show .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter . She can play it by herself , but usually either my husband or I try designing an outfit or two . True it is not technically educational , when I see my daughter manipulating colors , patterns and movements of the dolls to put her show together , I think it is quite impressive . The graphics are great , lots of choices of patterns , hairstyles , etc. . This game is a blast !!
 This is one of my 8-year old daughters favorite game . I love sitting down and creating fashions for the models and watching the fashion show . I love how you have different options for the stage & music . This has brought hours of fun in our home !
 I purchased this game for my 7 year old . Her 14 year old cousin came over and the two of them played for hours ! I had to try it as well . It is a lot of fun . Especially if you have a girl who likes to style . We have played this over and over and have yet to get bored . A definite good purchase !
 I used this product in conjunction with the eTrex Vista unit , on a recent vacation to the UK . Traveling by train , I used the product mainly to navigate on foot in the various cities I visited . I found the pre-programmed waypoints of tourist sites , train stations , and even London tube stops , to be extremely accurate . As for the accuracy of the waypoints I uploaded by street address , it varied bit , but was still good enough to easily get me where I needed to go . My only real disappointment was with the granularity of the mapping data , as it is selected for upload . For the purposes of this feature , the country is divided into large sections , and I had cases where to get one city , I had to upload a large section containing several megabytes of data I would n't use . This of course tied up precious memory that kept me from uploading the data for other cities . Still , I found this to be a workable limitation since I could use the PC based maps to preprogram routes and waypoints for all the places I knew I would want to visit , regardless of their map section.All things considered , this product greatly enhanced my vacation . Saving me the frustration of burying my head in maps , and hunting for the elusive European street sign , this product virtually eliminated one of the biggest headaches of what is meant to be a relaxing time .
 The Metroguide software for France is more useful than the US version . The maps seem more up to date , and , due to the difficulty of finding anything in France , much more useful . I managed to find our company 's new building in a new town by punching in the address , and I was able to use my emap to find it in 10 minutes from the train station . It also seems to have up to date restaurant and attraction info for Paris and other areas .
 I 've been using EditDV 2.0 for over a year . I 've had the CineStream 1.0 -LRB- EditDV 3.0 -RRB- upgrade for over a month and so far , I 'm very impressed ! My four favorite things that have been added in version 3 -LRB- CineStream -RRB- are Compositions , Large Picture Import , Improved Pan & Scan Options and Smart Update . -LRB- see also , my review on EditDV 2.0 , Amazon.com -RRB- Compositions are essentially multiple video projects within a single project . This helps to keep all of your video and files for a single project in one location , but experiment with different versions of your program . I 've also used this feature to compose complex montages for the opening of a DVD or Wedding Video , etc. . Each composition appears in your Video Bin as a single video clip . So to create a segue from your opening sequence into your main movie , simply create the montage , then create the main program and slap the two together later . This helps me when I 'm in one of those not-so-creative moods . I can skip past working on the creative parts of the program and just do some simple cuts-only editing later on in the show . Tomorrow when I come back and feel more creative I can work on the beginning sequence , as a separate composition , and when I 'm finished I can simply slap the two together -LRB- in a third composition , that I name `` Final Program '' -RRB- . I do n't think there is a limit to the number of compositions you can create and mix and match . A true experimenter 's paradise!Large Picture Import -LRB- LPI -RRB- is something Adobe Premiere has had for a long time , but it is new to CineStream -LRB- EditDV 3.0 -RRB- . LPI allows you to bypass the import dialog box completely , when importing JPG and other supported formats . The import dialog converts your image to 720x480 image and creates a movie -LRB- . mov -RRB- file on your hard drive . While this has it 's place , I find myself , more often than not , needing to zoom in on a picture or scan across the faces of a large family photo -LRB- like you see on the evening news -RRB- . With LPI I can do this . LPI lets me import a photo or graphic that I 've scanned in at , say , 2000x1000 . Now I have a higher quality image to work with . Of course one can only fit 720x480 on a standard TV screen at any given time , so I can use the Pan and Scan and Cropping tools to Zoom in on a selected portion of the image , say a baby , and then zoom out to the mother holding the baby in her arms . This requires more rendering time -LRB- and so does Adobe Premiere -RRB- , but the results are VERY professional and you will amaze your audience with your graceful images in motion . -LRB- Of course you can still use the old import dialog box as well -RRB- . Also the Pan and Scan and Crop filters have been updated to include many predefined screen formats including Cinema `` scope '' -LRB- 2.35:1 -RRB- , 16x9 -LRB- 1.85:1 -RRB- , standard TV -LRB- 4:3 -RRB- and many other popular sizes . This is nice because with the lowering cost of DVD-R drives -LRB- $ 1,000 -RRB- and DVD-R media -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- , I 'm starting to put most of my projects on DVD , if for no other reason than for mastering . DVD-R drives do not support CSS encryption , yet , so DVD is perfect for mastering and making VHS copies right in your home or small studio ! With the right DVD creation software I can even create Anamorphic video presentations using the Cropping and Pan/Scan filters found in CineStream -LRB- EditDV 3.0 -RRB- . That way my DVD will play correctly on standard TVs now , and will instantly convert to the correct size on newer Widescreen TVs . Your customers -LRB- or just your family and friends -RRB- will love you for it later -LRB- when they finally catch the vision of HDTV and/or Widescreen TV -RRB- . For best results with anamorphic video , use an anamorphic lens made for your camera.And finally the new Smart Update feature . If you 've never worked with EditDV 2.0 , then you may not quite understand my gratitude for this new feature . In 2.0 when you rendered your program , you create a program track and `` froze '' the program up to that point . If you made changes to any section that was already rendered , you had to cut that section of the program track out of the `` frozen '' area . Doing this would tell your program that you had made some changes in this section and the next time you rendered you would want that section updated . This was not only time consuming , but could also get confusing and messy . It was a small price to pay for such a powerful little editor in most other respects . However , the new Smart update feature KNOWS when you 've made a change to ANY part of your program . CineStream -LRB- EditDV 3.0 -RRB- will actually indicate a yellow line on the section of program `` frozen '' track that has been updated . Next time you render , CineStream will find all the yellow lines , cut out the old and render the new in it 's place ! Wow ! Okay , so I might sound like I 'm overstating a very small feature found in most editors . But the addition of this feature alone , is such a time-saver and improvement over the already excellent editing package that I would have purchased the upgrade if it was the only new feature -LRB- but I also wanted LPI -RRB- . So , without reading the new manual , that 's what I can tell you is awesome about the new CineStream -LRB- EditDV 3.0 -RRB- . There is one minor error I get when exiting the program , but as long as I 've saved my work BEFORE exiting , I 'm okay . I 'm not sure what the error is all about , but I 'm sure Media100 is aware of it and will have a patch available soon .
 Not having seen the movie , I ca n't comment on screen-to-PC authenticity , but KnowWonder 's Brother Bear game is an entertaining romp through a variety of gorgeous , interactive environments -LRB- Aspen forest , Valley of Fire , Salmon Run and more -RRB- on Kenai 's quest to become human again . The game is narrated by Rutt and Tuke , aka the SCTV McKenzie Brothers of moose -LRB- voiced by hosers Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis , eh ? -RRB- , who explain the rough idea of Brother Bear
 This is a nice fun game for children . You get to explore Kenai 's world in 3-D . There is narrating to help you along understand the story . You get to have the adventures in brother bear , you play as Kenai and Koda as bears , but you can transform into a wolf , eagle , or a crow . also the conrols are easy to leanr , and the game is very colorful . Overall a very nice and colorful game for youngsters.I hope you enjoy this game . it will leave you smiling . : -RRB- have a nice day ! : -RRB-
 This is a beautiful game . Graphics are super . The whole family can enjoy the Brother Bear game . Makes a terrific holiday gift .
 Brother Bear is a very entertaining and funny movie to watch . If you 're looking for a little humor , entertainment , or somehting to watch , then Brother Bear is the movie for you . Brother Bear is a cartoon based on religion and a very adventurous movie . Brother Bear is a movie based on the main character Kenai who is still searching for who he is and learning more than what he expects to retrieve . Kenai learns his lesson by his brother Sitka dying , because of an incident with a mother bear . After Sitka 's death Kenai seeks for revenge and during his journey he is taught a lesson . While being taught this lesson he is transformed into a bear and figures out what 's important in life is to learn how to love the one 's around you . But , at the end of the movie Kenai has to make a decision whether to be himself or to stay the way he is.Brother Bear is a movie related to religion by the tribal worships of the spirts and how an individual from the tribe becomes intiated into the tribe . For instance , Kenai was intiated into the tribe when Tanana put markings on his face and gave him a chain with a bear and told him he is `` Brother of Love . '' Also , the movie relates to religion by the end of the movie the tribe put on costumes that resembles different spiritual animals that the tribe worships and does a traditional dance around the camp fire . Even though the movie was based on one surrounding area where the tribe settled which would be called a local ; for example , Kenai was looking for the high tops of the mountains where the light shines and where the spirits surrounds the high tops of the mountain , so he can transform back into himself , because he was transformed into a bear to be taught a lesson .
 The Halion Player is a must have for beginners it has some great sounds if you are just getting started or have been recording for a long time , and will not break your wallet . I highly recommend it . Get started on making some music right now .
 Microsoft Business Accounting 2006 is a viable software for small businesses . It is very simple to use and most of all it looks like Microsoft Office 2003 . If you already are using that program than this product will look very familiar to you . It also works with Microsoft Office . It integrates very well . I highly recommend Microsoft Business Accounting 2006 to small businesses . You do n't need a more expensive and complicated program to do the job .
 Microsoft just might have a winner here . It needs a bit more polish to really kick Quickbooks . But the price on Amazon is well worth the effort . After you kick in the rebate , the price was well under $ 75 . That is way better than Quickbooks best deal . This is NOT a Great Plains or MAS90 accounting package ! It is an entry level , simple home office or small office package with all the features you need . -LRB- like Quickbooks -RRB-
 Was n't certain if I should switch - it 's a lot of work to transition everything over to a new system.But , the price breaks that have been out this season enticed me to buy to try it out at the beginning of this year . Well , I 've done the work -LRB- less than I thought -RRB- and the payoff is incredible . The quality of the reports I get with MS is far superior than what I could get from QuickBooks.Wish they had done this years ago . Now all of my systems work very well together , I am finally state of the art with a company that provides great support -LRB- Intuit was completely inept at service - they do n't get how to run a software support center . -RRB- MS knows how to do great product and great support . I 'm done with second rate software now that I see what this stuff can do ... makes me more in control of my business and even gives me ideas on how I can look at the business in different ways .
 Really like this product I have since upgraded to 2007 because this will not work with windows vista ! Microsoft did the upgrade with no extra charge .
 I ordered the trial from Microsoft and today I am purchasing this software . Great for people used to Office products and it includes some great tutorials . A + Product .
 Why was this not available after all the years of headache 's with Quickbooks !
 I am still finding new things I can do with this softwareIt is the best for small business I would advise every small business to have this
 My consulting business is based on time billing , and now I can bill time , invoice by email , and track conversations ALL from Outlook . If I schedule an appointment , or track my time in Outlook , I can mark the time as billable , create an entry , and the info flows directly into my accounting software.My ability to invoice by email had expired with QuickBooks , so I had switched to using PDFRedirect to print pdf files instead and emailed them . I was not eager to spend hundreds of dollars on an upgrade , when what I had was working fine until one of their updates turned off a feature I needed . Now it 's not a problem , and the new solution actually works better because I can run the whole time billing side of my consulting business from Outlook.I had recently tried SugarCRM , but the open source version does n't handle billing . Small Business Accounting 2006 has the best features of CRM , with Opportunity tracking , what 's in the pipeline , etc. . PLUS the best features of QuickBooks for considerably less.Unknowns
 I 've just started working with SBA and am impressed with some of the features . As a long time QuickBooks user , I have always wanted to have a contact management software program to integrate with QuickBooks . I just did n't want to spend the 60 to 100 dollars and have an add-in that will not work when QuickBooks introduces a new version.Along comes SBA , and it fully integrates with Outlook with Business Contact Manager . Since I already use Outlook , no problem . In addition , this program has different price level capability , which is nice . It also allows a discount to be applied without having to create a Discount account in the chart of accounts . Sharing is easier than QuickBooks . You wo n't receive the message that SBA must be in single user mode to run some task -LRB- making it necessary for all other users to exit QuickBooks -RRB- . An SDK -LRB- Software Development Kit -RRB- is available for downloading at no charge , making it easy to program using VB.net . Invoices can be created in Word , almost all reports can be exported to Excel , and most built-in reports are fine for daily use.You can import QuickBooks data , but you 'll need version QuickBooks 2004 or 2005 to import transactions . ADP payroll can be integrated into SBA for $ 169 per year . Direct deposit or write you employee paychecks . Credit cards can be used with no telephone line necessary for approval -LRB- you can use a card swipe machine , if desired , or just enter the info with the keyboard -RRB- . All in all , a very refreshing accounting program for small business -LRB- about 5 user maximum -RRB- .
 I was lucky enough to be on the public BETA program and so have been running my company on the product for more than 6 months . I use some of the built in reports , but I especially like the fact that I can build my own . With Quickbooks , I could n't get my data out very easily so I appreciate that SBA comes with Analysis tools that allows me to get my information out of SBA in a format I like .
 There are dozens of accounting software packages targeted at `` small business '' users . The long time market share holder is obviously QuickBooks . As a result of this Microsoft Small Business Accounting 2006 is equally obviously going to be `` compared '' to QuickBooks . The answer is to carefully read the features provided before you pluck down money . A little careful reading and possibly a demo install will tell you whether this package is for you.This is Microsoft 's effort to provide businesses that currently use Excel and Access with an alternative . They do not say anywhere that it is going to be a QuickBooks or Peachtree replacement - simply that it will offer you a set of carefully detailed accounting features that will help you better manage your business . The 5 star rating is based on how well the package performs the operations it claims to offer.If you have unanswered questions post them on the SBA newsgroup where a bunch of good people devote their time to helping those getting started . Here are a few things that I find most helpful .1 . You can design and print your own forms of all types rather than buying preprinted forms . This can save you a ton of money .2 . You can buy software packages to print checks as add-ons . One source is www.checkmaster.com among others .3 . If you are a programmer or have access to a programmer you can download the Small Business Accounting SDK and Microsoft Visual Basic . NET Express edition -LRB- both free -RRB- to write add-ons to your SBA installation .4 . In this regard the software is very open to modification and enhancement by the user.Once again - check the feature set before you buy . Keep in mind that this is a Microsoft product which means that it will be maintained and upgraded over time .
 I have switched over to Microsoft after using quickbooks and quicken for years . The interface is smoother and looks for organized . The only problem is the data move from quickbooks to sba was not easy , and the parameters are different so I have to reenter the info for my inventory items .
 I had been using PeachTree 2003 Complete which is a better program if you are an accountant . I used it for several years and found it a challange , though I was getting by with it.I received a trial offer from MS and installed it . I had Office 2003 . Now my business contacts are common to SBA and Outlook.My invoice forms are editable with MS Word and I can generate an html e-mail invoice from them . I 've even been able to include a PayPal pay now button in the e-mail invoice.I can generate an Excel worksheet from a report with one click.Overall , I like it better . I run a 2ghz P4 with 756MB memory and the product is a little sluggish , but stable -LRB- SP3 -RRB- . It uses the personal SQL server -LRB- MSDE -RRB- and has a backup utility producing a zipped file.I installed the MS trial and then used the key from my purchased copy to remove the trial status .
 Yes this is a Microsoft V1 SP1 product -LRB- do n't forget to download the update -RRB- . It is very useable today and is better than Quickbooks for us . Quickbooks did the bean counting but it did not give us the reports we needed to run our business . We are very happy we switched and we are much more productive as we can focus on acting on the marketing data in the reports . We were a beta tester of this product . We did appear in the launch video and I have been featured in a nationwide radio campaign promoting the product . While competitors may cry `` Payola '' all we 've ever recieved is free copies of the software and one $ 50 gift card . This is a great product and I know the dev team is working on making it better . If we had to switch over from Quickbooks again , we 'd do it in a heart beat even if we had to pay double .
 We were a switcher from Quickbooks to SBA during the beta program , because we were really struggling to capture customer intelligence and use it easily for marketing purposes . We were proficient with Office , and found we were using Quickbooks strictly for banking and nothing else , but needed Office to do everything else . When SBA came along , we were given a familiar interface , instant integration with Word and Excel , and were given a tool that would integrate our customer data with Outlook Business Tools to make our monthly email newsletter tasks fairly simple.Yes , the first version does have limitations with banking imports - it is not as evolved as Quickbooks in its ability to remember repetitive transactions and automatically assign those transactions . As long as your bank gives you the ability to download transactions into an MS Money file , you can successfully do an import of that file into SBA - though it is a 2-step process instead of a direct import.For a first release of a Microsoft product - I was pretty impressed . I know that not all first versions are ready for prime time , but I know that we have vastly improved our accounting productivity and our ability to track and retain our premier customers with this first release . And our ability to produce polished business accounting reports in Office is greatly enhanced , which is important for small businesses who need to grow and communicate with investors , landlords , realtors , etc. I am excited for the next release , and excited to recommend this product to other small businesses who just do n't have all day for accounting tasks because they 'd rather be doing whatever it is they started a business to do !
 I give microsoft -LRB- 1 -RRB- THUMB DOWN because they should have come out with this great accounting software package a few years ago . As a small busines owner with increasing sales I needed a robust software package for my business that could give me up to the minute reports on how my business is going , plus a very simple dashboard for reviewing , and EASY Data entry of the sales and quotes to keep track , As a small business owner we have many tasks and things to do and remember , And must keep our overhead low so we can compete and make money . After investigating a few years ago when Microsoft did not have one . I came to the conclusion of using quickbooks premier and invested my time and money to learn this system while still operating a manual bookkeeping system , I completed a 4 weeks adult education course on quickbooks and spent days loading it and setting up a test using premier before merging with our on going accounting system . Fornuately for me and my staff Microsoft came out with the SBA 2006 last year in Beta and I used it . And like it , and made money and saved time in my over all business using sba 2006 accounting.As an added benefit microsoft gives the purchaser UNLIMITED SUPPORT by a LIVE PERSON for -LRB- 1 -RRB- YEs ONE YEAR . Unbeleiveable to speak to a live support expert for this Accounting software . I have used it for questions to make me more profitable to utilize all the features.I ca n't beleive how '' Cheap the Cost to buy it is '' for this robust software , It has reports for us and I can see how sales are and all the accounting features of a costly one . It is smooth and uses all the microsoft software to build templates and export to excel for pivot tables and other tools that are easy to use , if you want to build templates . I use the standard ones that come with the software . I like how easy it to view all our chart of accounts , expenses , to do list , like making deposits , paying bills , and seeing how much money I made , and other items I add . Another great feature is the Business contact manager it comes with that is an add in for Outlook . It keeps track of all my contact information including oppurtunities for sales in the opportunity section , and it will migrate the content to SBA2006 from quote to sale to invoice with a few clicks . I suggest that if you purchase Sba 2006 buy 2 , give one to a family or friend that is interested in starting up or has an existing business.It is a great tool for any size business . We enjoy it and give it the Software -LRB- 5 -RRB- thumbs up.Rick JarvisownerUnited States Export Store . com
 Overall I really like this software and would recommend it . It was easy to install and begin using . You must get Service Pack 2 in order to run manual payroll -LRB- if you do n't want to connect up with ADP -RRB- . The backup function is easy to use and very helpful as it prompts you periodically . There appears to be a lot of functionality that I have not yet tapped into . The reports in the software are adequate , but there needs to be many more around payroll and employees . I 've not found a report for printing earnings statements or paystubs .
 I used QuickBooks and Quicken in the past and decided to try Microsoft Small Business Accounting and found it much easier to use . The flow is very intuitive with customization of invoicing and purchase orders being very easy with standard Microsoft Office products . I do recommend that the user read the manual first , it does help significantly . The most beneficial aspect of the software was the ability to do journal entries to correct items entered in the graphical interface . If all else fails simply do an accounting entry in the journal to correct things . Hats off to Microsoft on this one , it works well , is easy to use , and integrates with Microsoft Office .
 I had used Quickbook pro for several years . It is a good program but not user friendly . Miscrosoft makes life easy in accounting . It is very easy to import the statements and allocate the expenses to the apropriate accounts . It also has a capbilities to import work created in Quickbook pro . It cost less than the quickbook pro .
 Many small businesses probably use Microsoft Office for letters , invoicing and quotes . I found that working in Microsoft Office Small Business Accounting is easy to pick up -LRB- the screens are familiar to the Office user -RRB- and I could get started very quickly . It is good for running the business - doing quotes , invoices and banking and it does all the accounting under the covers . I really like the fact that it can automatically create quotes and invoices in Word using the businesses stationery . I have started using Outlook Business Contact Manager and now I can actually do more with my Outlook Calendar where I keep my appointments . I really like the way it lets me convert the time on my outlook calendar into invoices for payment . I imagine that many small businesses who sell their time and other services will find this to be a very attractive product . I am hoping that the next release will let me customize the screens .
 I do n't know what the original reviewer `` Don Elton Fish '' was looking at , but the import from QuickBooks worked flawlessly for me . Not only the master records , but also the detailed transactions going back 3 years.One major reason I switched from Quickbooks is because their payroll is expensive and support is AWFUL . Microsoft uses ADP as their payroll partner which is much less expensive for the same features and has reasonable support .
 I am really impressed with the ease of use and how it integrates with Word and Excel . I am a long time Quickbooks user , and choked at their latest attempt to gouge me with additional fees , so I decided to try Microsoft 's product . Very glad I did .
 To Mr. Fish ... there 's an update to the program that allows for Quickbooks transaction transfers.That issue is no longer there .
 As a grandparent , I value the time spent with the grandkids ! Together , we can explore the world of animals and use real ` thinking ' skills to manuever through this game . It 's entertaining & educational at the same time . Great product ! We also have `` I Can Be a Dinosaur Finder '' .
 When I got a new computer at the end of 2001 , the 2002 edition was installed on my computer by Gateway . Although I never used Streets and Trips -LRB- and barely used Encarta -RRB- , I used Word and Picture It ! quite heavily.Well , my hard drive died a few weeks ago , and I had to get a new computer . I bought Microsoft Works Suite 2006 to go with it.I was a bit apprehensive because Picture It ! was replaced with Microsoft Digital Image Standard 2006 Editor . It took me a while to get fluent in Picture It ! , and the idea of learning a new photo system was daunting . -LRB- I write mostly for the web , and use pictures to accompany my reviews and articles -- as well as for eBooks . -RRB- I have n't done any extensive work with it yet , but it appears easy to use IF you have experience with Picture It ! If you 've never used any image program before , it may be a bit confusing . -LRB- I feel that Picture It ! was more self-explanatory . -RRB- However , for all that the Works Suite gives you , I feel it 's a good buy . Word 2002 has advantages over the older version -LRB- for example , you can easily insert images -RRB- , and Encarta may be helpful for kids doing homework -LRB- or curious adults wanting to learn more about something -RRB- . Updating Encarta is easy as clicking a mouse
 I use MS Office at work , and at home , but for my daughter 's computer this was perfect.Most people do n't need the full version of office , and this package has so much for so little money.The full version of Word is reason enough to spend this amount of money . Note
 I bought this as an improvement over Microsoft -LRB- MS -RRB- Works Suite 2002 . It works much much better and much more efficiently with a much improved and nearly seamless user interface . I am very glad that I found this great and useful bargain which includes MS Word , MS Money , MS Streets and Trips -LRB- travel planning -RRB- , MS Encarta Encyclopedia , MS Digital Image -LRB- photo editing and organizing -RRB- , as well as Microsoft Works itself with a calendar , to do interface , etc. . I highly recommend it as a very useful organizational tool with many useful separate individual elements to boot .
 I had the same problem with Works Suite 2002 that I had with 2006 . The product key that came with the discs would not install Microsoft Word ; the message `` invalid product key '' came up . After a computer problem , I reformatted the drive and did a reinstall from the original Works 2002 discs . The invalid key message showed up when I tried to install Word 2002 . After arguing with Microsoft people for three weeks I bought the new Works Suite 2006 . After running all the discs to a clean hard drive , everything worked except , again , the invalid key message came up and would n't activate Word . Highly irritating . I got it going by to Microsoft Works , Programs , clicked Word Document , got an `` activate product '' and got Word installed and running . This seems to be a dumb glitch in the software .
 Does what it is supposed to do . Works suite + Word . Ordered for a customer and they are happy with it
 Microsoft Works Suite 2006 offers a full version of Word 2002 , which is basically what I use at work . The spreadsheet and database are easy to use , and more than adequate for home use . Encarta , Money and Digital Image were also included , a definite bonus .
 I had Works 2002 . 2006 is a thousand time better . I offers so much more for the user . I have n't begun to see how far I can go with this Suite . I love it .
 This version of Works 2006 is the retail version , just as you see in the picture . BE SURE YOU ASK THE VENDOR if what he 's selling is just like this picture ; for sadly , many vendors here sell the OEM version instead , which will NOT work on your machine . Instead , get this RETAIL version , which is just like the picture.The OEM version , instead comes in a small CD-sized box , or is in a jewel case , and does NOT look like this Amazon picture . It was packaged with PCs sold , was installed on a PC already , and it WILL NOT INSTALL on another PC . So you need the retail version , which again looks JUST LIKE the picture -LRB- i.e. , red on the right-hand , lower side in the picture , for Encarta -RRB- . I just bought this retail version from a vendor in Amazon , and just installed it to my Vista machine . Just now tested it with Windows 8 Upgrade Advisor , and the Advisor said it will work in Win8 -LRB- 32-bit -RRB- . It will also be compatible with Works Converter 6-9 , which is a file converter program you can download for free from Microsoft . This matters , as it means you can keep using Works 2006 and still read later versions of Word files.But Win 8 Advisor also says that Word 2002 will not work in Win8 . I get contrary feedback in PC World forum , users claiming that Word 2002 runs just fine on their Win8 machines . If you go to MS Answers forum , you are universally told that Word 2002 will not work in Win8 . I 'd believe the PC World folks , because they were disputing with me about this topic , claiming they were actually USING Word 2002 -LRB- and even Word97 -RRB- on their Win8 machines . So maybe you should take the claim by Win8 advisor against Word 2002 , with a grain of salt.Now to what Works 2006 has . The main reasons to get it -- especially at this price -- are three
 Understand . I have a full MS New Office Suite that I got from work . But choose to use this product for the many items included which ca n't be beat . If you just want to use Word and nothing else then get it alone . This is fine . But the other products are worth the discount and rebate also . Cost is the lowest I found . If you have a reward ceriticate using Amazon Credit card . That $ 25 more off the price . So in the end it cost me $ 30 for it . Shop smart and use any break you could get . Right ?
 Works work , what cam I say . I have been using microsoft products for years . Quality easy to use products are the reason they are a software giant .
 Good product for what it is , but I hardly ever use it these days -- opting for Microsoft office ...
 The product works very good , Microsoft should make their operating systems work as well as this product .
 After installing 2004 version on many computers as the older ones wore out over the past several years I had apparently lost one of the discs and could not find a newer version . I use multiple spreadsheets and data bases but the old versions work fine for me . I 'm lost without &#34; Works Suite &#34;
 As always , Amazon was excellent ! My search was quick and hassle free and the product arrived on time and was every thing I expected .
 IF you are a self-publishing author , this software is a must . Great product , arrived in excellent condition and in a timely manner .
 I have been a Word Perfect user for years , but found I could not open files that were received from professional organizations and Attorneys . That was the reason for purchasing Microsoft Works . This has been a great asset for our business . Thank you
 It seems no longer possible to buy MS Word as a stand-alone program so to get it one buys Microsoft Works Suite . This way one gets Word one version back from the most current version - plus Encarta , Streets and Trips , etc. . When purchasing be sure to distinguish between the CD version and the DVD version . The latter comes on a single disk ; the former on about six . Also , note this is not the same as Microsoft Works - a suite of programs often preloaded on a new computer . It has its own `` peculiar '' word processor , spreadsheet , etc. . For more than Word , look for the Student and Teacher Edition of MS Office Suite .
 My 4 and 6 year old love this game !!! Unfortunately our copy has been scratched so they are asking for another one this holiday season . My almost 7 year old still prefers this game to any other PC game . I like the fact that there is n't a `` fighting '' component that it is all about helping people and has real life based role models -LRB- i.e. , police , fire , emergency personnel -RRB- . I wish they 'd keep the cartoon on TV . I can recommend this and any of the non-talking rescue hero toys without reservation .
 Bought this for a three year old months ago . It continues to be his favorite game . He loves the music and sings along with the song . One of those games where you ca n't do much wrong . Save the pets , put out the fires ... be a Rescue Hero . I recommend this game for all parents of budding Rescue Heroes . You wo n't be dissapointed but , be careful , s/he 'll soon be asking for the Billy Blazes or Wendy Waters Action Figures or other Rescue Hero toys .
 Great game ! I bought it for my 4 year old and 2 days later he was explaining to his grandma `` about tropical storms '' and he was correct . Non-violent educational and FUN ! My son already has most of the `` heros '' and this is another way he can interact with them !
 My 4 and half year old daughter wants to play this every day!Its very easy to navigate and understand for a 4-5 year old . She loves to print out the stickers and badges too . If your child loves rescue heroes , then this would certainly please them !
 Bought this game for our 4 year old grandson . He loves it ! It has action , educational information , positive feedback . Highly recommend it .
 My 4 1/2 y/o loves Rescue Heroes toys and videos , so this seemed like a perfect selection . He thoroughly enjoys it and played it exclusively for almost a month . His interest waned a bit after that , but it still comes out on a regular basis . My 9 y/o daughter also likes playing it !
 Hurricane Havoc is a fun and educational game . It will definitely appeal to Rescue Hero fans . My children have loads of fun helping each Rescue Hero complete his or her assignment and they have also learned a few things about Tropical Storms in the process . Our family would definitely recommend this game
 I have a 3 1/2 yr old son who loves this game . EXPERIENCE NECESSARY ... the mouse is the only game control . This is also a benefit ... hand eye coordination .
 My son has been playing this game for almost a year now and he loves it !! Very educational , he can tell me all about tropical storms . It has lots of different missions and fun things to entertain .
 This is a great game for kids if they already have some knowledge on how to work a mouse . Its got 6 great activities which are just challenging enough :-RRB- A definate must have for a rescue hereos fan : -RRB-
 My grand children love the Rescue Heroes , and are sad they are not able to watch them often . These CD 's were a much appreciated gift , and have been watched and enjoyed many times since Christmas.I was very happy to find these CD 's on Amazon.Janet Bulow
 Very easy to use - I have always been a friend of VersaChecks - I wish it would allow one to edit check numbers when need ; but other than that it is a great useful product . I have not written a check in years , since I have been using VersaChecks . Banks appear to be very comfortable with the printed checks .
 When I migrated to Windows Vista , my old Versa Check product -LRB- on floppies -RRB- was one of several applications that Vista did n't like . -LRB- Besides , I do n't have a floppy drive on my new PC . -RRB- Although I do n't need or want all of the Versa Check 2007 features , it was the only product I found that would achieve the same results I used to get in a kinder , gentler time . And it works great . My only complaint is the online Help file , which has no Index or Search capability . Answers can be hard to find . As for `` local help , '' Vista does n't recognize it -- one of many similar situations .
 I wanted something to help myself and my husband , and this is great .
 i have been programing in vb for about 3 years now and i bought this book and found it very useful . I was taught alot although i did skip a lesson here and there . This book looked at all aspects of programing and basicly everything you will need for your projects . I then passed this book onto my friend who has no programing experince at all . In a few weeks he was programing almost as good as me . So i like to recomend this to all levels of the programing scene .
 I did a minimum amount of research before buying this game , so there were really no unpleasent surprises . It works just as the promotional information says it does.I was aware that the game was out for a while before I got it . The newest version , `` Warp II '' , is already out , but it does n't offer as many ships , so I decided on the older version.I am an on-line gamer , too , and a big Star Trek fan , but I bought this mostly for the `` make your own starship '' aspect and not the `` gaming '' aspect . As far as I am concerned , the starship creation part rocks and the gaming portion is a bonus way to see how your ship performs . If you buy , though , do n't forget to get the patch on-line . This version of the game allows you to import a digital picture of anyone you want and create a character out of them to crew your ships . That is very cool , and the only thing I really would want out of the new `` Warp II '' version is the ability to edit those pictures so that your subject appears to be in a Starfleet uniform -- if it works well . Not enough to make me want to run out and get it , so in the meantime I will enjoy `` Creator Deluxe '' and wait for `` Warp II '' to go to the bargain bin.The only reason I did not give this game 5 stars is because I thought the producers could have put a little more into the graphics and animation . Maybe even a little more than `` a little more '' , but all in all , I really liked it .
 I like this cd as it gives me what my industry requires , that is providing clients with the ship or ship 's needed for their blog our site . Some hours back I 'd found yet another site that needs an render of the Prometheus ! Now with this I can submit to art , star ship related sites and do an youtube video as well .
 THis is one of the greatest games around , with alot of expandability . I even write missions for it .
 This may not be a fast pased game . But it is worth the money . I 'd say this is a game for any one who can tell conversationly what an inertial dampening system is . This game is a good way to explore teck of Trek . Along wit the diversity of systems is the ability to pock the bridge crew with alot of charecters in the shows or those who are not From Kirk to Samantha Wildman . The missions are a bit slow pased but interact with what systems that you choose . Examle
 I enjoy the Aqua Real 3D ! Its enjoyable to have fish but its a lot of work to keep it up . Having this 3D virtual reality fish is fun and brings the enjoyment w/out the work . Its very relaxing to watch the fish and to listen to the water . Even my cat watches the fish ...
 My husband wanted an aquarium screensaver for Christmas . Dumb gift , I thought , so I wanted to get him the best one . Online shopping made it easy to see my options and get him the best one for the best price . He is very happy with it .
 Very Nice , my son loves to watch it since we dont have a real aquarium
 While this product is dated and does not contain all of the modern bells and whistles of more sophisticated packages , I still find it of value . In terms of cost , ease of use and simplicity , I would much rather use it to teach introductory C++ than Microsoft Visual C++ . I have used both packages to teach C++ at the college level and it is so much easier to use the Borland package . It uses fewer resources and the cost is nominal to non-existent . The faster loads and compiles also save a surprising amount of time . That is never more prominent than when you are lecturing to a class and demonstrating how a code change affects the output . This requires that you wait for the compile and link sequence to complete and the Borland package is much faster.The coverage is also more than adequate for all aspects of C and C++ that one normally covers in the introductory courses . When teaching C++ , I avoid the introduction of GUI development as long as possible , preferring to concentrate on how to program rather than how to lay objects on a form . Since there is no visual component to this package , there is the added advantage that the student can not be distracted by it . In my experience in teaching Visual Basic , students seem to be so enthralled by the visual aspects that they consider the more important coding to be secondary . That is of course false , but it is a very hard point to get across.I have used this package to teach C/C + + and also use it to write most of the programs I use in my mathematical research . You can get students up and running in a matter of minutes and keeping them using it is very low maintenance.Published in Mathematics and Computer Education , reprinted with permission .
 Compared to Visual C++ , I 'd take this anyday . I ca n't comment on the book that 's included , as I never looked at it , but the software is the best you 'll find at a price that wo n't kill your wallet . It does n't have quite as many features as other programs , but these features are usually minor things , like the ability to see all DLLs which your program requires , or to package your program with an installer , and there is freeware/shareware that is available to do both of these.The weakest feature of the software is a poorly-done help file system . On the other hand , it comes with something like 50-75 fully working example programs -LRB- almost all are windows programs -RRB- , which are great ways to see the tricks of the trade.I use this compiler exclusively . I 've published several programs as freeware on the web , and I 've found this more than meets my needs in every way.For those that are interested in the book , it ships with `` Sams ' Teach Yourself C in 24 hours '' , so you can look at the reviews of that book for comments . IMO , it 's worth the buy just for the compiler , and the book is an afterthought .
 ... this one is top notch . I 'd really like to see more of this type product .
 This product is okay but not the C++ Builder I expected with a true visual C++ development environment . As far as I can see you must know code to use this product . My desire was to find a visual component pallet that writes the code for me by dragging visual symbols onto the unit and then compiles the unit into an executable program . My older program C++ Builder 3 does this and I was looking for an upgrade . Maybe , I just need to work with product longer .
 software allows 3 levels of difficulty in the games/activities after an assessment `` test '' . . basic arithmetic , reading skills and pattern analysis . . its a good DVD
 Just love it , A really great learning and enjoyable program . Using it for my preschool granddaughter who is enjoying the challenges.Marg H.
 Excellent for getting started on the computer and learning !! My son loved it and so we bought one for a friend .
 My daughter loved this program . Very entertaining and she learned at the same time . I have used &#34; jumpstart &#34; software for all my kids over the years and they have never let me down . The kids really keep interested in playing and learn at the same time !
 My Preschooler and my kindergartner likes it a lot , no problem installing it on Windows vista and windows 2000 . Great learning game.Jumpstart Kindergarten
 This software has some fun games , but it did n't keep my kindergarten student engaged for more than one session of learning . He played on all of the games and was ready to move on to something else . I felt that with most kindergarten children however , that it would hold their attention and could be used over and over . It 's educational value is not as good as it could be -LRB- instead of using art/painting and music , they could substitute for other academic areas -RRB- , but it 's engaging and fun . It has other activities -LRB- reading/math -RRB- that are very educational .
 My son is three and he can play this game by himself once I get it started he loves it . I really like that he is learning and having fun at the same time .
 I bought this game for my Kindergartener because I wanted her to have extra practice with her school work . K level seemed to easy for her , wish I would have got the first grade level . She likes it and usually plays it during her computer time . If your looking for fun games I reccomend the Take It To Your Seat centers . There are subjects for each grade level .
 I purchased Jump Start Preschool several years ago for my grandchildren to play when they come to visit and recently added Jump Start Kindergarten to the collection . They love them both . The two year olds play them with my help and by the time they are three can insert the cd , click on the icon , start the game and go from one activity to another independently . Several of them visit often and head for the computer as soon as they come in the door . These cd 's are great not only for their entertainment and educational value but they also help children to be comfortable with the mouse and keyboard .
 When I tried to install on our Windows-7 PC I got an error message saying it was not compatible with 64-bit Windows.Doing some research it seams that this is truly `` classic '' software designed for old 16-bit systems . Windows is only backward-compatible one generation ... so 16-bit software will work on 32-bit windows -LRB- usually -RRB- and 32-bit software will work on 64-bit windows -LRB- usually -RRB- , but 16-bit will NOT work on 64-bit . The good news is that if you have Windows-7 Professional , Enterprise , or Ultimate you can install `` XP-Mode '' which will let you run windows-xp as a virtual machine . You can then install this in XP and run the program that way . The really nice thing is that you can make a shortcut from the program inside the virtural-XP and place it on your Windows-7 desktop and it will appear to run like any other normal program . Setting this up took about a half-hour -LRB- after 15 min or so to download the installer -RRB- . Here is the link to download XP-Mode
 I bought this item about a month ago and my kids love the games that they can play by themselves . If you want a more educational experience for your child you may have to sit with them and do some of the learning games . My kids are not in Kindergarten yet , but this is good preparation for them in learning sight words , word families , and alphabetic recognition and sounds . As a teacher I would recommend K Jump Start . It not only gets them used to using a computer , but they are learning in a fun way too and their teacher will thank you .
 I babysit my friend 's 5 year old boy and he actually asks me to play this now . He loves his video games and the first time I tried getting him to play it he looked at it when instantly wanted to play the Wii again . I asked him to at least try and sat down with him and he loved it ! I loved that it had an assessment test that automatically set all the levels for him.Only complaint is it can be a bit glitchy at times but I 'll just restart it and it works fine .
 My daughter is four . She ripped through Jumpstart Preschool . She is working on this program now . I used this set of programs for my older children . I love them because they are visually interesting , and because they are progressive , so they keep the kids ' interest .
 Having a hard time getting it to work on my computer , but I may not have the right computer software for it to work .
 It was a good program , but even though she is only 4 , it was all too easy for her . She likes familiar things .
 Dance praise , especially the new Remix version is wonderful fun for the whole family . Even our little two year old loves to step to the music . This expansion pack adds hip-hop -LRB- rap style music for us older folks -RRB- but my boys love it . The lyrics are clean and uplift God versus the traditional hip-hop that is on TV , so it gives us something to do together that `` bridges '' the generation gap and is positive . Levels go from very , very easy to very , very hard and in competition or cooperation mode each person can select their level so I can play with his kids .
 This package caught my eye , much in the way the original iMacs , with their distinctive coloring captured my attention.And in this manner , once I got into the application package itself , I was as pleased as I was with how the iMac was as much a integration of form and function.The MacPac is described as `` A Collection of Useful Applications for OS X '' . I 'd agree . There are five programs contained within
 As of the date of this review -LRB- Dec. 13 , 2006 -RRB- there were only two consumer video editting programs that support the conversion of HDV format video to HD DVD format video , at least the kind you can burn to a dvd-r or dvd + r blank . The two makers are Ulead and Pinnacle . All the other high falutin ' editors , e.g. , Final Cut , Avid Liquid , Avid Express Pro , Premiere Pro 2 , etc. , do n't support this feature . Everyone seems to be riding different trains , it appears . Anyway , since this path now exists in Pinnacle Studio v 10.7 and an HD DVD Authoring pack -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- extra , this is the only reason I purchased this product . I think it works fantastically for the price , and although I have seen a number of bugs pop up -LRB- like rtfx crashing for certain video effects -RRB- , or the inability to burn iso sometimes -LRB- I have to use Nero 7 -RRB- , what do you expect out of Pinnacle ? These guys did not graduate from the top of their engineering class . Given the complexity of software , even Microsoft and Apple 's wunderkinds are also known for a few boners . I 'll give Pinnacle credit for excellent encoding quality , a very easy user interface , and nice finished results . You only have to drop in a dvd-r into your Toshiba HD-A1 to see how fabulous HDV can look , when converted to HD-DVD format . You do n't even need an expensive HD-DVD blank . Thank you Pinnacle for producing software for the masses , right here , right now , so we can all edit and view our HDV tapes . And not spend over $ 1000 for -LRB- other -RRB- bloated editors . You also get an mpeg-4 encoder , for web output . Cheap is good . If you need a green blanket , that too , comes for free . It 's for green screen/video superposition effects -LRB- which I have yet to try -RRB- .
 I have used Pinnacle Studio since version 8.0 . I have upgraded along the way and am very impressed with the latest edition . Studio has improved with each release and I am very pleased with the basic content as well as the available upgrades . The user interface is very intuitive and the sw is very stable.Furthermore , my experience with customer support was fantastic . I moved the software to a dedicated editing work station and needed new keys to unlock effects . I called and spoke to a person within 10 minutes who was knowledgeable and empowered to help me . I strongly believe that this is an excellent product as long as you have a capable computer and a desire to create effective presentations .
 April 5 , 2007 , W. MarasI recently purchased Pinnacle 's `` DVD Maker Plus '' -LRB- about $ 45.00 -RRB- , to convert some old family VHS tapes into DVD format . These tapes were previously converted from old 60 's film to VHS . It came with a Analog to Digital converter device . This USB device allows you to connect your audio Right and Left channels and video using RCA connector , or S-Video inputs . This product worked great for the first project I was working on . I was able to video enhance the old video to better than the original . BUT - Also in the box was a 30 day Free Trial Evaluation of Pinnacle 's `` Studio Plus , version 10.5 -LRB- With all the bells and whistles . -RRB- . A very nice tutorial was included on this disc.My next project was to convert a ten year old family reunion VHS video into DVD . I wanted this to be very special . I used the trial version of Studio 10.5 . This product performed every task I commanded it to do . - I converted and enhanced the VHS video into the program , - I edited the DVD for content . I added family pictures wherever I wanted to . - I added an additional soundtrack -LRB- several -RRB- , added titles and captions , special video effects , and sound effects -LRB- Some from the program , some from my own library . -RRB- I added video Chapters to the project -LRB- Just like any regular DVD -RRB- Once I got the layout the way I wanted it , I burned it to DVD . As with any project `` Save '' - BACK UP YOUR WORK as you proceed.YES , once in a while the program did lock up . I could not tell you if it was because of the program or because I was trying to do something the program could not understand - I never lost my previous work - just reloaded and everything was there . I could not have been happier . I am going to bring tears and smiles to many relatives . I think I will upgrade to the full version - It worked great.I guess I do n't understand why some people gave this program such a poor rating . I 've got a new Dell , maybe that had something to do with it ??? I have a technical background , but I am not a graphic artist , and have never used this type of program before ! Anyone should be able to use this program . I guess you got to be smarter than the software !
 Before purchasing Pinnacle I was using Windows Movie Maker , Which I thought worked well till I used it a bunch , and then realized it was slow and took a long time to edit movies . Pinnacle has way more options for editing , and is very easy to use . I would recomend this to anyone who is still using Windows Movie Maker . Once you use Pinnacle , You will never go back . -- D Byers
 EW does a fantastic job with most all of their products . I use EW for almost all my music in some form or fashion . To answer the previous review , yes there are limitations on range . The idea of EW is to provide authentic and real sounds . All sounds are sampled and not synthesized . If you want to go outside the range an instrument plays this is not the program for you . Maybe you should just stick to the sounds in Xpand . I graduated as a music performance major in viola and so I find it a bit silly to write music for a viola that is outside its range -LRB- below middle C -RRB- and complain that the program does not have the correct range . If your piece is outside what an instrument can perform , EW ca n't help you . Again , EW Symphonic Orchestra is a program that focuses on authentic sounds.As a professional composer/sound designer this is a great product that I would recommend to anyone who can pony up the money .
 I have an old mac that does not burn discs for backup . the MacBurn is perfect for this and works well .
 it does everything it says it will do . The box I bought never mentioned it would burn or copy movie DVDs -LRB- I believe that is still illegal thanks to Hollywood -RRB- , and clearly states that it would `` Burn data DVDs , multi-session data VDs , audio CDs , erase CD-RW & create disc images . `` I am happy with this software , and am happier to see a more affordable alternative to Toast ... Toast may be a great program , but I never used more than half of its features . Just my opinion ...
 I purchased this product , even though it is an old version , because I use it in my video business . I have been a Pinnacle customer since version 8 . All of the Pinnacle video products are easy to use but lack more professional functionality of its parent company Avid . However , my main use of this product is to capture streaming video from my professional Sony camcorder during my video sessions.I bought this product instead of the newer versions because it is more efficient in space utilization and it is straight forward as to what I want the most out of its use . The newer product version incorporate all sorts of new drivers , effects and rendering capabilities that I did not need.I use to own a copy of this version as well version 11.1 -LRB- which was made to work with Vista -RRB- but for some reason the original discs just mysteriously walked away . Faced with a new computer and no capture mechanism , I purchased this product and version.Those of you that are just now getting into the realm of video editing yourselves , I highly recommend Pinnacle video products . You can jump right into their newest version and go to town . Other products , in the same price range like Sony Vegas , Sonic , Corel , etc. are not user friendly for a newbee.Hope this helps ...
 The other reviewers have not reviewed the product but the licensing policies with are similar for most music software manufacturers . East West is not the only company that uses iLoks , Elicencers , or other dongle based protection , so I do n't really see the point in vilifying them for this . But I do agree that if was true that the dongle license was non-transferrable -LRB- at the original price -RRB- that was a bit unreasonable . One reviewer mentions the Silver Edition which is a teaser and only comes with 1-2 DVD 's whereas Gold comes with at least 5 I believe . Regardless , these are VERY high quality products by some of the best producers in the business and now VERY reasonably priced for what you get .
 I recently received the assignment from my boss to evaluate the various digital photography/image editing programs in the ~ $ $ $ price range . Included were : - Adobe Photoshop Elements 2.0 - Microsoft Digital Image Pro 9.0 - Ulead PhotoImpact 8.0 - Jasc Paintshop Pro 9.0 My review centered around three criteria
 I 've used both Photoimpact 6 and 7 and 8 just gets better . I 've had none of the installation problems listed above . My CPU is an AMD 1.2 gig unit and I have 650 + megs of memmory . I have the program installed on its own 40 gig hard drive . I use the program for digital photography only so I ca n't say how it does on Web pages , but for what I use it for , I do n't think that I have even started to make a dent into what can be done with it . I find removing unwanted details from a poto easy with the right tools and enhancing a photo is easier still.One thing , especially if you are dealing with 3.0 megapix or higher resolution or if you deal with uncompressed photos , get as much memory , hard drive space , and the fastest CPU you can afford . At near minimal requirements , working with these large files will define the word slow .
 I love the product ... I really do . But , forget any assemblance of customer service , and I mean ANY !!! I sent in for their `` rebate '' 11-8-02 and I waited the 8-10 weeks . Ah , ... the fun begins . I emailed their site twice , called the rebate center they had listed on their site , who told me they were the wrong rebate center & I had to call Uleads NON-TOLL FREE number in California , not Phoenix . The FIRST call I timed at being on hold for 24 minutes ... never speaking with anyone . Played the old `` Press Number '' game . Then the SECOND time I called , I only had to wait for 16 minutes , only to be told '' hold please , I 'll transfer you to that department '' ... then I get a recording to leave my name , number etc. ... One week has gone by , and no call . I 've emailed 2 more times -LRB- have yet to get a response by the way , so today , I call again , for the THIRD TIME , put on hold for 17 minutes , to be `` transfered '' to the same extension as before , asking to leave my name , phone number , etc. ... same a before . I did . AGAIN.I 've given up on this '' -LSB- $ $ -RSB- rebate , and as far as I 'm concerned , they should call it `` CUSTOMER `` NON-SERVICE '' . I can understand them not spending the money calling me back , but to IGNORE emails is something else , ESPECIALLY when they state ... `` your email message will be responded to within 48 hours '' yea , RIGHT . They have a good product , -LRB- I 'm running it on Windows 98 -RRB- but that 's about it . If you have a technical problem , best of luck to you ... you 'll need it , along with a cheap , long distance phone rate .
 I have recently installed Ulead Systems killer imaging app , PhotoImpact 8 . I 'm always pleased when PI releases , but this one is a digital photographer 's delight . You may go to Uleads website to read all about the new features , but suffice it to say , whether editing photos , creating new art from scratch , or making a complete webpage , PI handles it all.They 've changed the text tool so that you actually edit right in the graphic , which I really like . All I have to do is choose the tool , set my font , size , color , then click my text entry point and type away . Need to change the text already placed ? Easy . Just click on the text , and shift-E to enter editing mode . There is a new text rotation tool as well , which allows you to rotate individual letters for special needs . . Already with one of the best set of native filters in the business , the programmers have n't sat on their pixels in producing the latest version . They have a Texture filter which you may use to upload your own textures , a Duotuone Filter which gives you almost limitless control over your graphics , a star filter , spot filter , edge preserving blur , diffuse glow for enhancing those delicate photos of your family , and a host of others . These filters are designes to work well right out of the carton for the novice , but the controls may be tweaked to appease the most demanding of artists.Additionally , the slice tools have been improved , paint brushes enlarged for ease of working with larger images , and the undos have been increased to 200 , something we can all appreciate.PhotoImpact also includes the following applications in the boxed edition
 After researching several photo editing programs , this seemed to be rated the highest in my price range and by the number of options included . The program works reasonably well . I do n't usually read instruction manuals and figured out most of the functions on my own . It locks up occasionally -LRB- on WinXP -RRB- , but works fine after closing it out and re-opening . The number of added special effects are great -LRB- including lightning , meteor showers , etc. . -RRB-
 One can open . jpg , . bmp , . tif and many more files files and begin enhancing photo images and other graphics . Design creative , colorful , unique and impressive displays ; there is it is ! and absolute must on the Programs list - It 's an expression of `` your '' own artistic skills and abilities . Select the effects tab , creative , partical effect ... you wo n't believe your eyes ! That 's just the beginning -LRB- hundreds more -RRB- . It 's easy to learn , and this software was designed by a genius who made it simple for average people like me . I have to get back to the fun and games now.Photo Impact is worth about one and a half zillion new-colored megabucks.It 's unbelievable !!!!!!!!!!!!
 One of the best easy to use programs for the home or business user . I 've had this product for my business use and find you ca n't beat the time you safe . Not so complicated that you have to spend hours trying to use this product
 This software is the ultimate . Its easy to use . Not like photoshop or any of the others . This does it all and it works well . The wizard is the greatest .
 Red Hat Linux Advanced Server is the first Linux platform designed expressly for mission-critical enterprise computing and certified by top enterprise software vendors.It delivers serious reliability and value
 I do n't know how it did it , I plugged in the cable , ran though the steps on both computers , and then after about 10 hours , it was all there . My new computer had everything , all my music , pictures and even the programs ! It does take some time so you may want to run this before going to bed . The only side effect was that I had to do was reactivate office .
 I did n't do anything special . I did n't try to customize the move . I did print and read the 7-page directions first . I used the silver USB 1.1 Laplink cable . Then the move of 42G of data took 9.5 hours and it all works .
 This is a very useful product . I transfered all my programs from a 2k PC to a WinXP machine without hassle . Only one program did not work , because it did not run on XP . I transfered about 15GB in 2.5 hours . Worth every penny .
 As a entrepreneur opening a coffee house , I was a bit worried because frankly I did n't know ANYTHING about starting my own business . All the paperwork , where to get money , how to get permits and all that . But this software is like a library of information -LRB- it includes six business books , I believe -RRB- , and it helps you fill out forms one field at a time . I feel really organized and on top of things now .
 The product was great and helped us save from getting lost over 2300 miles of back roads in New Zealand . We found gas stations , restaurants , hostels , skydiving companies , everything you could think of . What a great product and now I 'm putting it back up for sale so someone else can enjoy the help .
 This software is so easy to use and you can get great results in just a few steps with out the guess work . If you do have some time to get creative the options seem to be endless . It ca n't get any better than this for someone just starting out .
 The best program for those that do n't want to spend their life changing pictures that they take . Easy to learn and results great for ditigal pictures . Ethel
 This software works great . Very easy to use . Simple one step for enhancing photos . Easy red eye removal . And lots of cool effects and manual enhancing also ... Five Stars *****
 I trashcan lousey shots , i dont waste three hours trying to salvage a piece of junk.A good print requires good composition and correct exposure and will print well with almost any photo program.Ive tried several programs and overall Photosuite does an excellent job for me with minimum hassle .
 I got this for my neice 's first computer . It works great and it has a start menu just like Windows 95 . I really like it , I just wish quality linux did n't have to cost so much . Other than that , its great .
 This software made my attorney blush ! I had previously used Family Lawyer to create estate planning papers that , upon my attorney 's review , were filled with so many legal errors that they were useless.So I turned to Quicken Lawyer -- what a difference a software package can make ! Each time I wanted a form it took me through a series of questions and answers , and whenever I had a problem or questions I could find answers in the sidebars . Best of all my attorney could n't find any errors , he just confirmed that I wanted what I was stating in the documents ! I ca n't recommend this package enough . Never has a single purchase seemed so valuable .
 I bought this product and have been * very * happy with it . I was able to do wills for both my wife and I in the matter of an afternoon for less than -LSB- $ -RSB- bucks . I found the interface of the program extremely user friendly and easy to understand . Also , it is loaded with legal info about all kinds of stuff including legal definitions of terms , which I found useful since most legal jargon is unreadable by me . It is just a fantastic product all around .
 BOTTOM LINE
 I used this product to practice writing up my will , my living trust and estate planning documents . It has very good online help , and explains the terminologies , includes checklists , and answers a lot of legal questions . This product will save you time with a real lawyer -LRB- who charges by the hour -RRB- , in that you do n't have to ask the real basic questions , since you 've already been tutored . The will generated is perfectly legal , but I would advice using a lawyer for more complicated documents . The checklists and the instructions to give to your executor are great , because you can list all of the details you 'd want someone to know about in case you are gone.As others have stated , there was no promised rebate coupon in the box .
 I bought this program because a lawyer friend suggested that I go to a web site he liked to find will forms for the simple wills I wanted made up for myself and my husband . That web site suggested this program and the other reviews here made me comfortable with buying the program.I went through the process to write two wills this morning and it was amazingly simple to do.You are asked questions , and if you do n't know the exact answers you have the ability to go back at a later date to fill in anything you needed to research . The finished will comes with printed instructions on how to go about signing it and getting it witnessed , and why you need to do what you need to do.This is all very well organized .
 Some of us are natural engineers , we like to dissect things just for the fun of it , or to take apart objects to know how they work . This is no different with legal contracts . The engineer in us demands that we know what the mechanics are behind the wills and contracts we face in everyday life . Quicken Lawyer does just that.I learned a lot from the program and was able to save several hours in legal fees when I was able to say exactly what I was looking to have accomplished.It 's a great product .
 I read that others did not receive the promised mail-in rebate coupon for $ $ $ in the box/packaging , and neither did I.
 I read previous reviews before purchasing Quicken Lawyer 2003 Personal . I was concerned since other customers indicated the ... rebate information/coupon was not included in the box . So , before I actually purchased this product , I contacted www.Amazon.com for information . I received a response from customer service rep `` if mistakenly the rebate redemption instructions are not included in the box we will refund you for the amount of the rebate , '' as long as I met all the terms and conditions . I received another email that they had spoken with the manufacturer and provided information to get the rebate . I complied with all the requirements and mailed all the info to the manufacturer on 1/13/03 . I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE ... REBATE , but the software package is user friendly and good . I am going to start bugging people tomorrow 3/10/03 to find out what the problem is - I will post an update with any new information .
 The product is great , however , when I purchased the product there was suppose to be a rebate with the purchase of Turbo Tax . I did not receive the rebate form and have been unable to get it from Intuit .
 I ordered this Quicken Lawyer 2003 on April 7 , 2003 , received it on April 10 , 2003 , and the rebate coupon was right inside the user 's manual , as promised by Amazon 's web page AND as stated by a sticker on the outside of the box.I am writing this to let you all know that I was very happy to have this matter cleared up , since so many people seem to have not received their rebate coupons.Nolo Press always produces a great product , and this lawyer program will be of great help to me in producing my estate papers and details . I have used their items before , and Nolo knows law ! They save us lots of money by helping people to fill out and file their own legal documents .
 This product provides motion menus , overtures , slide shows , complete printing of disc , jacket , etc. and nice templates for the DVD itself . It is rated highly by Cnet and PC Magazine as editor 's choices.On the other hand
 I have tried many programs but have yet to find a product as good as this one . It is fast and creates good looking menus without any hassle . For the price , this is the best product for DVD authoring . I have n't had any of the problems that are stated by other reviewers . The product is also being upgraded from time to time -LRB- which will make this product even better than it already is ! -RRB- .
 Very good software , this is the first software that that I have tried that really make a complete DVD with video and audio and I have tried 3 or 4 other . Yes , it take time but you will get your dvd without errors . I like the Quick DVD eventho the Hollywood and the Home Edition work just fine.Using Windows 98SE without that many device drivers installed , you will make flawless DVD 's .
 If your looking for an EASY way to make a DVD picture show and a GREAT price , ONDVD is for you . You take your pictures , you import them into ONDVD -LRB- very easy to do either 1 picture at a time or the entire directory -RRB- and your all set ! You can even import music -LRB- MP3 or Wav files -RRB- and insert them in your picture show . One important note - it 's probably better to use a CD RW blank CD when burning your picture show . Most DVD 's will accept a CD RW and not a regular CD R . You ca n't beat the LOW PRICE and EASE of use !
 I picked this up because I was looking for software to make slideshows on cd that I could play on my dvd player . I have Windows ME and relatively recent DVD players -LRB- 2 in the house -RRB- and it has been working flawlessly.The software is easy-to-use , I literally installed it and made my first cd in 5 minutes by dragging a dir full of jpgs into it , selecting a mp3 for background music and telling it to `` burn '' . It auto-timed the pictures to end when the song ended.It uses the VCD style of disk format , where if you look at the disk contents you see a . exe file and a . dll file . So you must have a DVD player capable of reading that type of disk.When actually playing the cd , it auto-sizes the pictures to full screen and allows the remote control to stop , pause and play . I wish it would have allowed a reverse and fastforward as well and took off one star because it does n't . It also does n't seem to have any ability to group slides into different sets , have an opening menu and jump to a set - although its possible I have n't found that option yet.All-in-all a pretty cheap and easy to use software that does the basics .
 This is a wonderful program for aspiring polyglots ! It contains lessons in several languages and vocabulary in others . I recommend this as a starting point for those who want to learn multiple languages.Once you 've gotten what you need out of this program , I highly recommend the updated Transparent Language version . It contains more languages , a sleeker design , and also the vocabulary in obscure languages has audio , whereas in this version it does not .
 Thank you for your prompt shipment from CDI-Wholesaler . I have received the item on 29th August 2006 . Your trustedcompany has vouchsafed service.I shall continuously shop at Vouchsafed Service in the Internet transaction will be able to rest on ease .
 I found this to be an excellent way to learn the basics of GoLive AND by using this dvd you 'll also get an idea of how GoLive is set up so that you may teach yourself some of the many other features offered by GoLive CS.Steve Holmes is an excellent host for the lessons taught on this disc . He is interesting and very understandable throughout . Total Training has done an excellent job .
 I have been using the software for about a week and am still discovering cool things it does . The Logos site has a number of instructional videos that will go a long way in getting you started with the software . An instructional DVD was included with the software and I found it quite useful in learning the program . I am running the program on a 4 year old Dell . The program installed without a hitch . Although the program is somewhat slow to load -LRB- at startup -RRB- it functions quite fast when moving between resources . It can be customized easily to function at the level and interest of the user . The programmers did their homework in anticipating the end users needs . Thus far , it has exceeded my expectations in content and ease of use . Logos makes several levels of the program to meet the needs of everyone from the novice user to serious students of the Bible . I looked at each one so that I could buy what I needed without giving up resources or over-buying . The Logos site provides a nice comparison chart to help with the decision . Adding resources later is much more expensive than purchasing the program level you need initially .
 This was an absolute life-saver and I 'd recommend any of the QuickBooks products to individuals and business owners alike . I am not very computer savvy but had no problems navigating the program and find myself using it almost daily . I will be purchasing the latest version ASAP .
 This is the first accounting software I 've used . I am very pleased that it conforms to accounting principles and yet is so very easy to use .
 This is the first version of quickbooks that I have used . I started my own business back in September and I new I needed something to keep track of my accounting since I 'm not an accountant . The interface is great ! it has that perfect Mac look and feel . As far as the actual product goes , its great . It does all of my expenses and revenue , syncs to iCal and Address Book , and really does well at one time entry . I could go on and on about QB Pro but I 'll just say that its a must have for any small business .
 I find the software both easy to use and powerful enough to track the finances of my small business . The invoice and customer tracking sections are especially well designed . It is an all around good product for my business .
 The main reason for getting this upgrade was to transfer data to my accountant - from my Mac to his Windows . Up 'til now I had not been able to . My rating of 4 is held back by the poor import of my Quicken data . Ended up importing Quicken transactions manually ... . which was not as bad as it sounds since Quickbooks has nice entry features . I will be abondoning Quicken for Quickbooks . Do not like the atttitude from Intuit that you have to upgrade every year and hope that pressure is not continued with Quickbooks .
 The price was good and the service was excellent , shipping took less time than I expected
 We have used QB since its inception at our small business . This version finally allows seamless intergration with our CPA 's windows version . Other great features added for increased speed and a better user interface for specialized reporting . Tech support has improved over the years with their renewed commitment to the Macintosh platform . Still has room for improvement , but a solid performer .
 I have been a QuickBooks user since 2000 and have been a QuickBooks trainer . I used the Beta version of QuickBooks Premier 2006 and found it to be a major upgrade to previous versions . Your opening page can be customized to show all areas of Quickbooks that you use . You can find all the information on all client transactions on one page . QuickBooks finally makes sense to the average business user and the learning curve is within reach . As a trainer of QuickBooks I thank you for making QuickBooks 2006 easier to teach and learn .
 Following the tutorials , I was able to teach myself how to use the Quickbooks program . It took me about five hours to figure it out and enter all my data . Now I 'm more organized , which in effect has increased my business performance . I also like the financial reports that the program generates .
 I am a new Quickbooks user starting with Premiere 2005 . Being an IT consultant , I 've had to deal with the technical aspect of almost every accounting software out there . Quickbooks is the best one of them all.Quickbooks 2006 is much more intuitive and easy to use -LRB- especially since I 'm not an accountant -RRB- . As for the other user 's concern about security , I find that point irrelevant . Being Security and Microsoft Security certified , and having worked in several fortune 500 financial companies supporting thousands of users , where security is of the utmost importance . Workstation rights are not of great concern since data files should be on restricted servers and on small networks , owners typically want access to their machines anyway.Peachtree is a technical nightmare . Granted I have n't seen the latest version but the previous versions caused major headaches in just making any modifications via updates , workstation installs , or maintenance . Make sure you have alot of backups.Microsoft 's version is really just Quickbooks with Microsoft 's name on it . Why not just go to the source.Plus with Quickbooks huge user base , support is very easy to get .
 I 've been beta testing Quickbooks for many years and often will recommend an upgrade for my clients and friends ... this version will be the first that I recommend that everyone upgrade to . The interface is more intuitive than ever , the program works quickly and best of all the new customer -LSB- and vendor -RSB- centers easily provide a snapshot view of any customer in an instant . Integration with Outlook is also seamless.This is definitely worth the cost to upgrade , and if you are using other software you really want to check it out .
 My first impression of this new release is positive - the new centers provide concise information in a snap shot manner that is very easy to use . As a Mac user I have been running QB Premier 2005 in Virtual PC environment for a year or so with no problems . The upgrade to 2006 is a bit more challenging . When you try to run the main `` setup.exe '' I received an immediate error message and the install program crashed . The `` work-around '' to this is to open the folder on the CD called `` QBOOKS '' and run the `` setup.exe '' program in the folder . For whatever reason that one works in Virtual PC while the other one does not . Intuit will not support Virtual PC questions so do n't even waste your time on hold ... good luck .
 I believe it is important to say that I am a QuickBooks ProAdvisor . As a technical consultant to small businesses , I began supporting QuickBooks several years ago after I saw how it benefited my clients.I began useing QuickBooks myself in 1999 for my business . This version is one of the best advances I have seen . The new home page shows the various work-flows in an easy to understand format , making it easy to get to the form I need with one click . I really like the new `` Centers '' for customers , vendors and employees . Most of the information I need when looking for history with a customer or vendor is available when I click on the customer or vendor name . With one more click I can easily see the original transaction . I used to have to go through several screens to get to the information I needed.The industry customization in the Premier Edition is a great addition and well worth the additional investment . I have a client using the Contractor Edition . The Contractor Center provides a quick glance at how the business is doing . The Job Cost reporting is an excellent tool to help better manage the business by comparing actual to estimated costs . They have been able to improve their estimates based on the information QuickBooks makes available to them.The key to having the information you need is to make sure you get it setup properly in the beginning . Spend some time reviewing the excellent on-line training and help before you setup your company files . If you do n't like reading the instructions , another option would be to get the help of a local QuickBooks ProAdvisor for assistance.I highly recommend it .
 Nice features , much easier to see all customer or vendor information at a glance . No longer have to go to different screens to see contact information and ledger histories . Time savings for this alone are worth upgrading .
 I am a solo family medicine physician and have been using the Quickbooks Pro series since 2003 . At first , I was a little upset with being forced to upgrade my QB Pro 2003 , however once I installed the new Premium 2006 , I must say I am very pleased.From the beginning , everything has changed just a small bit , however in a very good way . In my past version of QB Pro 2003 , I had to toggle between different screens in order to move from deposits to writing checks , etc. . In Premium 2006 this is no longer the case . A very easy to use and intuitive home page shows everything you need to use . Each different tool is one simple click away . I very much like the new enhanced payroll option in that I can now print out my state tax forms along with my federal forms . In the past , it would take an hour or two out of my family time in order to fill in those little boxes and double check each figure with my CPA . Now I print out each form and am finished in less than 10 minutes.I would highly recommend this product to any solo or small group practice . The versatility and power found in Quickbooks Premium allows me to keep track of my finances personally . The added convenience of the payroll services just makes this product an even better buy . Yes , there are enough subtle differences between the Pro and Premium version to justify spending a few extra dollars . I would definitely buy this software title again .
 I have been supporting QuickBooks as a financial and technical consultant for small businesses for over a dozen years . This year 's version added a neat feature that allows you to see all of your customer 's invoices , payments , estimates , - all in the same window - just by clicking on a customer in the list . No more multiple clicks to create customer reports . It is just plain easy , and the information pops up on your screen immediately . Congratulations to Intuit on a job well done !
 Building on the Intuitive QuickBooks Pro interface and SQL database , QuickBooks Premier enables firms to scale - merely by clicking on a button and paying the difference . This ensures no work is lost . There is a whole new menu dedicated to specific Industries . While the estimate can have multiple options , when the customer places an order , the Sales Order function enables QuickBooks to saddle up for the ride . It generates Purchase Orders with the click of a button , and when goods are received , keeps track of who it is for . Invoices are generated from the sales order as well , and partial invoicing keeps track so I do n't leave money on the table . I use the email function all the time , sending pdf attachments and cc : g myself so there 's a time stamp.To address the problem of sharing large files , there is a new Portable Company File -LRB- much like a Zip file -RRB- which compresses files for emailing.I have also grown to appreciate the online banking auto-reconciliation function - I log in to the bank every morning , and watch as transactions appear and then get matched with my books , leaving me only unreconciled transactions.QuickBooks also enables integration with third party software - there is a legion of industry specific solutions that help with core business operations . With 2006 , QuickBooks has moved from being a software to a Business Operations System .
 I use this program daily and it is awesome ! It has lots of great new features especially the new home page that has the customer , vendor and employee centers where you can now see all of the information in one place . The features and functionality of the program are everything any small to mid size business needs to run their company from a financial point of view . Great improvements over previous versions .
 The fact that they call this premier is a little overdone . The reality is that this is the `` Pro '' version with a few bells and whistles which in most cases do not warrant the additional price .
 Play Guitar is a really easy to use guitar software program . I especially like the multiple angles of the video to see the right and left hand together . I also bought the Emedia program , which I found very dry and barely used . I also picked up a Hal Leonard book , which has n't been nearly as effective as this guitar software program . It really feels like I have a personal instructor in my house with the videos and audio . I got both the Play Guitar and Play Electric Guitar software programs . Play Guitar teaches skills you could use on both acoustic and electric guitars vs. Play Electric Guitar , which is definitely geared to electric . Well done .
 This is an excellent piece of software . I have been struggling to teach myself to play and have made great strides with this product . It has great video and audio clips ... I have been using it for the past two months and can now play at a level where I am really enjoying playing . Great instruction on teaching the fundamentals of electric guitar playing ... I highly recommend this product . I am a dad without a lot of time for lessons , and this is perfect for after I put the kids to bed.The interface is very sleek and easy to use . It also has a number of different programs included like a blues guitar program . I also really like learning chords from the song builder program included . This program offers a number of different styles of learning , which makes it very effective .
 This is perfect for someone new to Quickbooks . You can follow right along with the CD and the instructor is clear and precise . The chapters are easy to search and follow a logical order .
 I have quicken and i tansfer my file and folder with this it seems is good software to have
 This program was great right from the beginning . Easy to use , do n't even need to use the manual . Very compatible with many operating systems . I could n't imagine using any other software . You can upload multiple listings at one time and it links with your Ebay profile to make things even easier . CHECK OUT THIS SOFTWARE !! MUST HAVE !!!!
 Thousands and thousands have used Cakewalk products , including MCP24 , without any problems whatsoever ; even the dissatisfied user below says it 's a great product . I 've had no such bad luck with support . They 've been great , over the phone -LRB- not by e-mail -RRB-
 They played I Spy with their Grammy and loved it at her house so I tried to find the same one ... turns out this is not the same one but this is a very easy one . It says 5-9 on the box but my daughter is 4 and she has it mastered . She loves playing it and being on the computer . I think it is a great introductory game if you are trying to get your child on the computer by themselves .
 I have been reading the reviews on this product . I disagree with much of what people are saying . The fault -LRB- I suggest -RRB- is not so much with the ZoneAlarm program as with the user who is n't willing to spend the time to learn how to use it to it 's full potential.I have had this on my system for the last 6 + months without any of the issues being described . I 'm running XP Pro SP2 on Pentium D 2.80 GHz processor ; 3 Gigs RAM and such.This program is not for someone who likes to have the antivirus simply do it 's thing without your personal involvement at all . The initial set-up is defaulted to an somewhat interactive training mode for the ZoneAlarm as it learns your patterns of your computer use . After that period is over it will switch into setting the limits based upon your usage with pop-up prompts asking if you wish to allow actions for you computer to take when new actions by your computer initiate.The Program section gives an extremely complete list of all programs running on your system with the setting each has to access the internet or networks with the permission setting for sending and receiving e-mail . It is in this section of the program you can fine tune what your programs can or can not do on your computer.This program gives an experienced user more control than any other I have seen so far . The down side to this control is there is a long curve of adjusting settings so you do n't have system `` hangs '' or your browser suddenly not being able to access the internet.I have successfully used this repeatedly to clear out very stubborn trojans on customers computers that their own antivirus software would n't touch.Take the time to work with the program . You will learn about your system in the process and have a security envelope on your system that will be hard to beat by the competing antivirus/spyware programs on the market .
 I rarely write reviews for anything , but after reading so many reviews with complaints about this product I felt that I needed to . I 've used ZoneAlarm for years . Last year I was given 6 free licenses from Microsoft for Windows Live OneCare promotion when it first came out . I used it for a year and it worked fine but when the subscription expired I went back to ZoneAlarm.Upon installing it I found that first off my boot time did n't slow down it actually got better . I 've installed it on all three of my businesses computers , two having XP Pro SP2 and one having Vista Home Premium . All the PCs have fairly different specs and they all run smoothly with it.It uses up little resources and found more spyware than OneCare 's antispyware did.It also gives me more control over the programs running on my computer , and I like that it warns me when someone tries to access my computer . When it comes to very basic users I would probably steer clear of it just because all the options could be confusing , so I recommend Onecare to them , but when it comes to people with a clue about computers I recommend ZoneAlarm . Its proven itself to be reliable and secure . I also like that it offers privacy protection -LRB- Though thats not available on the Vista version which is a bit of a downside , hence why they lost a star . -RRB-
 I saw the negative reviews and could not believe it . I have been using Zone Alarm Security Suite for a couple of years and have had none of the problems others mentioned . It is a fantastic firewall and is great at weeding out and eliminating spyware and viruses . The junk mail filtering is not worth much however . You can schedule how often it updates virus and spyware definitions or even only do it when you say . It does not drag down my 3 computers at any time - even while it is scanning for viruses and spyware . From what the other reviewers said , I suspect that the problems they have reported are due to other issues than Zone Alarm . It is often difficult to isolate the culprit .
 I first started using ZA Security Suite 2 years ago , after having started with Norton , and then Trend-Micro . After getting infected with drive by trojans by hitting seemingly valid web sites , I decided to use some of the free online firewall testers , and guess what . None of the Symantec or Trend products provided you with real protection . Slam bam , the testers showed me a complete list of My Documents on my PC.That 's where I discoverd ZA , as one of the few Software Firewalls that locks down not only network traffic out of your machine -LRB- inbound is not important , asmost cable modems contain a DHCP server to do network address translation , so that your PC is hidden to the outside -RRB- but locks down any screwing around with the Windows Registry . Thats where all the action is . It even detects messages from my canon printer telling them when I print ! No other product triggered that kind of stuff.ZA had a few versions that were problematical , two years ago , but it was worth working through the issues , because I have never gotten junk on the machine from any source since then . It uses Kaspersky AV and AntiSpyware in conjunction with its own Firewall.If you have been having problems , they most likely have to do with vestiges of other AV and Firewall software that has not been cleaned out.You can not have more than one AV/Firewall product locking down your machine . You can however , use Webroot Spysweeper , as I do , as an additional layer of protection against adware and spyware . Furthermore , if you are using XP with less than 512 MB of RAM , you asking for trouble.The ZA alerts , allow you to easily see the full path and file name of the object it is asking you about , and if it contains the names of any vendors you recognize , then you allow it . If you dont , its garbage and you deny access . Nothing difficult about that . If you dont know , Google the file name , and within 5 seconds you can find out who published that piece of software and whether you want to allow or deny access.I recommend the latest version of ZA highly , if you do n't want to suffer identity theft .
 Works great . I did have some of the problems that others did so I just uninstalled it and downloaded the free 14 or 15 day trial then entered my license . It worked fine .
 I 've been bogged down and beat up by Norton Anti-Virus , in particular Norton 360 . What a resource hog , and tough on older operating systems . Trend Micro which I wanted , would not run on my older machines . Trend Micro has a smaller foot print that Norton 360 . All my machines have multi-user environment , that Norton could not be made to understand . For a multi-user environment , this product is tops . I have had no annoying pop ups or slowing up of system . Everything has been good on even my oldest and slowest machines .
 I have used everything from Norton Internet Security to McAfee Internet Security and think ZoneAlarm is the best . It uses less resources and it easy to use . The problem I have with Norton is it uses too much system resources . McAfee 's interface is not real user friendly . ZoneAlarm has an excellent interface and is easy to guide through . I was really worried because I have Windows Vista and it installed and worked with no problems . The SPAM filters on this are great as well . You can actually set it to block emails and the person needs to respond in order to get through . This is a great software that I am very happy with .
 I have been using Zone Alarm since last October and it has performed brilliantly . I have only owned a computer for about 4 years and went with Norton Initially , I guess because it was the most popular . I was infected at least three times with spyware , viruses , etc. . . Of the three infections Norton only detected one , the other two I used a free internet scanner to detect . Not too mention Norton used huge amounts of computer resources to operate . Since buying Zone Alarm , my computer has ran much , much better . I have had no infections -LRB- granted I am a little more computer savvy -RRB- , and Zone Alarm is constantly blocking access to my computer . It is highly customizable and easy to use . There are far more features available and I dont even use half of whats available . I would highly recommend Zone Alarm , no matter what your level of computer experience !!!
 You always have to be suspicious about fake customer reviews from those associated with a competing product , so for whatever little this is worth , ZA 7.0.470 seems to work just fine on my computer . It does n't seem to be causing any noticeable problems and I have n't had any serious intrusions while using it . I do n't fully trust ANY one product to fully do the job , so I also use additional anti-spyware and anti-virus software . The other anti-virus didnt find anything . The other anti-spyware product found some minor stuff and one keylogger that ZA did n't tell me about . As I said , it 's best to have more than one to increase your chances of being properly covered , and ZA is getting along with my other products . Not going to mention what those are because I do n't want anyone thinking I am putting in a plug for someone else . I 've been fair and honest . What and who you want to believe is up to you .
 I bought this product last year -LRB- soon will be up for renewal , which I will gladly do -RRB- . I use it to protect the few Windows machines that I have -LRB- normally I use Linux -RRB- . I have a masters degree in security , and did a lot of research on this product before I bought it . There is a lot of value for the money , and it contains features that are simply not available in a lot of security suites.Virus protection - does a very good job at handling viruses , worms , and trojans . My wife owns and administers an email list with thousands of users . Zone Alarm has handled all the garbage that came through.Firewall - Probably the most impressive piece of this software . The firewall is very strong , and is easily configurable . It also notes new networks , and will place those into either trusted or untrusted zones as you request . This is great for laptop users who are on multiple networks when traveling.Intrusion detection - Great feature that most others simply do not offer . Zone Alarm keeps a tab on your Ethernet , and will notify you and/or block any unauthorized attack against your system.Identity theft protection - Zone alarm comes with -LRB- at least mine did last year -RRB- a one year subscription to identity theft protection services . There are two services provided . The first monitors the internet looking for your credit card numbers . If your numbers appear somewhere they should n't , they notify you . Also another service provides you assistance if your identity has been stolen . I ca n't say how good these services are , as I have n't really had to use them.Spyware protection - Scans your computer for spyware/adware and eliminates it . Great service , since most windows users are simply choked with this stuff . I would recommend using at least one other free spyware checker along with this one , no matter what you are using . It pays to also use spybot and/or adaware.Probably missing some features . I know some users have blamed Zone Alarm for bogging down their computer . Ca n't say I can blame Zone Alarm for this . The program IS doing more than most protection suites , and Windows is proprietary , meaning writing software for Windows is somewhat of a crapshoot . Can it bog down your computer ? Sure . So can any of the other suites . I have yet to find one that people have n't complained about this issue with . Then again after a while Windows tends to bog down all on its own . Try Linux if you do n't want your computer to get laggy and slow.Overall great product . Giving it 5 stars because many of the one star reviews here are simply unwarranted . I recommend this product when people ask me what to use to secure their computers , since it is easy to use and provides excellent protection . There are other good names out there as well . Use a trusted name like zonealarm instead of a fly by night company that may be doing you more harm than good !
 I switched to ZoneAlarm a few years ago after using McAfee for several years . ZoneAlarm has a top-rated firewall -LRB- available for free -RRB- and anti-virus protection equal to other competitors -LRB- Norton , McAfee , etc. -RRB- . Though McAfee generally worked well , there were a few minor performance and incompatability issues that arose , but the deciding factor was when they changed their user interface from a standard component based configuration -LRB- antivirus , firewall , anti-spyware , privacy -RRB- to a vague `` goal '' oriented configuration which obscured control of the components . If you want clear control , the component interface is superior . ZoneAlarm provides a clear interface to the components , just as McAfee used to . I have not had any performance issues with ZoneAlarm installed on WinXP and WinVista computers . One update issue was quickly resolved by addressing content in the user forum . Installation and configuration is a snap , and fine-tuning is available for those who want full control . Though I see many negative reviews on Amazon , these are in conflict with my experience and all the prof. reviews from IT pros I have found .
 I have used ZA for many years and was a pretty delighted customer until version 7 came out . When I upgraded I got LONG boot times , checking for updates was very CPU intensive and ZA would bring my machine to its knees at various times . -LRB- This is a P4 with 1Gb of RAM -RRB- . Interestingly the same version of the software worked FINE on my P3 laptop so ... apparently these performance issues were the result of some kind of resource conflicts I could never track down . I was ready to uninstall and switch to Norton or someone else but found a newly released version on the ZA website V 7.0.462.000 . For me at least this new version fixed all of my performance issues and I am back to being a happy ZA customer once again .
 I have been using ZoneAlarm Security Suite with Windows XP Pro and it is an exceptional product . I guess it would also be fare to say that you should above normal PC experience to take full advantage of its capabilities ; it is not a software for the PC novice.Over the years I have used Norton , MacAfee -LRB- should be RipsYouOffForaFee -RRB- and PC - Cillin -LRB- Worst Product Ever Made -RRB- and each one is a systems resource hog which will wreck your registry files and once you are completely frustrated with them they are a complete pain to remove from your PC.Zonealarm install very simply and is a charm to work with . It is also the best product for keeping your PC safe and secure . Since I switched to running ZoneAlarm products my PC has never been infected by a Virus , Trojen or any malicious software.Updates are a snap and the product is always kept up to date with Automatic Anti-Virus and Spyware updates.If you are frustrated with your current software then I would suggest that you give it the boot and try Zone Alarm Security Suite .
 My history with ZA has always been that it has to be configured as it is a very powerfull firewall for those that like to know what is happening and have control over unwanted activities by both spyware and big propriotary software company 's like MS. Anyway I installed it on 3 PC , 2 with XP and 1 with Vista and its marvelous , especially for the price and I am not an easy person to please . The other negative comments posted must be from people that are cluless plug and play users.v / r George G. CWO4 USCG
 a freind told me about this , and its very fast and simple to use , I have windows vista basic . and it never shut down on me !!! or crashes , , always a good feeling to know your protected !!!!
 I 've been using this great software since it was just a tiny little firewall . through the years , they have held their own against the giants and still came out ahead . they have changed their partners for the better in most cases and when they have problems . they do fix it.As with all the other reviewers below . I have encountered all of the aforementioned problems . it sure does get frustrating . but thanks to one of the reviewers below . what he said is true . after downloading version 7.0.408.000 , so far all the problems I had vanished . it just vanished . the processor slowdowns , the outlook express taking forever , the slow browsing . gone ! zip ! nada ! Yes , I do have to do a few more tests to do but so far , I 'm very happy with the latest version . As i said . they do fix their stuff.So to everyone who has problems . seek out the version 7.0.408.000 or above and upgrade . you 'll all be much happier .
 Zonealarm Internet Security Suite - 3 UserLike many of your users , I cursed Zone Alarm ISS Version 7 when I installed it . It brought my PC to a standstill . It would n't start up , would n't shut down , could n't stop a scan , etc , etc.They seem to have finally got it right . Before you install Zone Alarm ISS , make sure it 's version 7.0.408.000 or later . Anything earlier and you 'll be ready for a padded cell . This version seems to work well with Windows XP .
 I do n't often write reviews , but the negative reviews on this program are so disturbing that I wanted to share one positive experience here.I use it on two four-year-old Dell computers , neither of which is very fast , and it performs very nicely . It has a non-intrusive , streamlined interface , does what it 's supposed to , and the price is right.The slow bootup problem existed in an earlier version and -LRB- as other reviewers have pointed out -RRB- is solved in version 7.0.408.000 . Frankly , I do n't understand the negattive reviews at all .
 The Zonealarm internet Security suite 2007 was like new and in the box , complete.Shipping was fast . There are no complaints here .
 I started with PCTools many years ago , then moved to Norton -LRB- who bought out PCTools -RRB- but when I realized it was bringing my system to a crawl about 6 years ago , took the Editor 's Choice of ZoneAlarm and have n't looked back . Regarding the one star ratings here , all I can say is that whenever there is either a new operating system or service pack or conflicts with new programs , yes , there 's going to be a bump in the road , but ZoneLabs has ALWAYS made things right and done so quickly . I am running Vista SP1 right now and I was having problems from some source , so I ran RegCure and then downloaded a Beta version of ZoneAlarm 's newest version and everything is fast and smooth . I can honestly say that with ZoneAlarm Internet Suite have NEVER suffered a single virus , trojan horse or spyware problems - ever . This is a great program and a great company .
 Having originally used the Zone Alarm Professional Firewall , I was intrigued when they decided to come out with a full security suite a few years ago . While the first incarnations used Vet 's antivirus program , the latest version 7 -LRB- and now 8 -RRB- uses Kaspersky 's a/v - which is much improved over the previous versions . I have tested multiple other security `` suites '' in the past several years to include Norton -LRB- huge memory/resource hog -RRB- , McAfee -LRB- interface is too ` busy ' - also a resource hog -RRB- and Trend Micro -LRB- ditto to McAfee -RRB- to name a few and they have all had their issues that you have to deal with in regards to setup/configuration and just getting them to work correctly out of the box . Zone Alarm has put together an excellent product - top notch firewall , excellent antivirus/antispyware and solid antispam - along with separate , easily configurable `` privacy '' options -LRB- for changing the level to block cookies and ad blocking -RRB- , basic identity protection and even parental controls . While there have been a few issues in the past 18 months -LRB- since the arrival of Vista -RRB- and a few Microsoft updates that have collided with my firewall , ZA was out with a tweaked/updated version within a few days and had a workaround in my email box the SAME DAY as the problems began . As an IT professional , I 've installed it on no less than 100 computers in the past couple of years and it remains one of the easiest of the security suites to set up . I 've just downloaded the newest version , 8.0.015 from their website and am testing it on my XP machine . My early review is that the new interface is clean , updated and still easy to configure . The installation was easier than previous versions and the quickscan of the antispyware completed in less than 1 minute - a definite improvement . Hopefully the virus scan has improved in that department as well . For now , I can still give it 5/5 stars - a quality product that does what it 's supposed to do - keep my computer CLEAN .
 I purchased ZAIS7 last year after reading a lot of great reviews . When you load it the trick is to make sure you have the latest version from the ZA website and keep checking back , even if the program itself says you have the latest version , I found that it does n't always tell me . I had problems with this program off and on until early fall 2007 when I downloaded a new version , then it was wonderful . My start times dramatically improved and the defintion updates actually updated every hour . However , the newest build -LRB- which says it is for Vista but I have XP -RRB- seems to be a slight regression in that it seems to be using more resources . My startup times are still okay but there are more processes running now consuming my CPU but it still is n't too bad .
 It surprised me to see so many negative reviews of the ZA Security Suite . I have been using ZA since version 4 and the latest , utilizing Kaspersky 's antivirus engine -LRB- one of the absolute best out there -RRB- is the best yet . I have used Norton and McAfee 's security suites in the past , but in my opinion , Zone Alarm tops them both in keeping your computer secure . As with any new version security suite -LRB- from any vendor -RRB- , I stayed away from upgrading from version 6.5 to 7 until they had come out with the first update to version 7 . Since installing version 7.0.337 , then 7.0.462 and now the latest , 7.0.470 , it has gotten better and better . The resource usage on my memory has dropped considerably and it still has the best software firewall in the business - my computer is completely `` stealth '' when interrogated using -LSB- ... -RSB- . As an IT consultant I have installed it on dozens of computers and other than a very rare `` hiccup '' -LRB- usually when upgrading instead of doing a clean install on a new version - a quick reinstall clears it every time -RRB- , it has been rock-solid for all of them . The low-resource-usage is also very important since many of them do n't have `` new '' computers with loads of memory -LRB- by any stretch of the word ! -RRB- . To those who have `` slammed '' this program , I can only guess that you were unlucky on the initial installation because if it does n't install `` cleanly '' , it - like any other security suite on the market - WILL slow your computer to a crawl until you can uninstall it . A fresh reinstall will sort it out easily enough . Give it a shot - you 'll be pleasantly surprised at how good it really is !
 So far , the product is just about what I 've read about . Yes , it slows down the system a little -LRB- about the same as Norton -RRB- but the additional level of protection is worth it . I had a minor problem with the registration number -LRB- an I instead of a 1 -RRB- but they fixed it immediately via e-mail with no fuss ... and try that with a lot of software companies these days .
 Just recently I have tried out the Veritas Backup Exec NT/2000 Server Edition and I must say that is just great!The features of this program are more than great , since you can customize everything from a tape set to simultaneus using of many backup drives to complicated backup schedules and many more ! And you wo n't miss the right tape anymore due to intellegent tape sets.Very easy to install and use and not to mention all the options you can buy seperately -LRB- Oracle backup , Live files , extra clients ... -RRB- I can just say try the program -LRB- trial is free for 60 days -RRB- and you 'll see what I mean!I can highly recommend it and belive me , I tried many other Backup solutions too !
 printshop 12 was in very good condition , I used it immediately and I like this version . I am using with my old computer . It is not compatable with my new computer .
 This is the 3rd Print Shop I 've had and the best so far . Easy to use , easy to find art and projects . Would only use this program for my card and notes . Thank you .
 This is the best print product I have ever used .
 Cosmopolitan Virtal Makeover Deluxe is a brillant program that allows both women and men to test out different looks by using all the different functions of the enhanced software to try out different make-up and new looks . The software allows you to experiment in a realistic way and is a excellent program because it allows you to see what you really would look like before doing it an regretting it . Such as when you dye your hair and it turns out drastically wrong .
 This was a really good product as I had been looking for a good one for a long time . It was very easy to use . I loved it !
 The latest version of the Deluxe Print Shop is just as easy to use as the last version . The user templates are easy to follow and has ample amounts of clip art on 6 art CDs . It even includes an option to create a calendar creator for printing our your schedules and whatnots . On the flipside , I did find the OLE to be very inadequete for my purposes . Also in version 11 there was an OCR program for scanners included that did not make it to version 12 . But these are not good reason alone to not get this program . For the ease of use alone it 's well worth the price . I highly recommend it .
 I liked it because I had more disignes to pick from , I also had a fun time with it and that is all that matters .
 I recieved this for a birthday present and have enjoyed hours of fun changing my look over and over again . i hope you enjoy it as much as I have !!!
 I got the virtual makeover software as a gift it 's fun.It does leave room for improvement . Great job guys keep working on it , you should probably just give more choices.It 's fun for all ages . you can check out what you would 've looked like if 1 or many things were a little , or alot different . All you have to do is load you 're picture into the software . Or if you want you can just fix up one of the models already provided . It makes a great gift for any occasion .
 I bought this for my 13 year old sister . She has spent many hours with it .
 I bought this software perhaps a decade ago and it 's still one I use on an almost daily basis . As a teacher , I 'm always making posters or handouts or charts of some kind . I know how to do these in Microsoft Word and Publisher , but find Print Shop to be easier to use . I never thought I 'd use the 5 CDs of clip Art , but I do . There so much in there , from textures to borders to photographs . You can use pre-made designs or create your own . I use this for address labels , holiday cards , award coupons for my students and do not find it buggy . I recently bought a new computer with Vista and it even works on that ! I have bought the non-pro version of this , but find the pro version gives you more design options .
 There is not all that much change in the difficulty of questions , making it seem like the 4th edition , rather than a Kids edition , and still missing sound effects in the show that the 1st and 2nd edition games had , why did it 's publisher do that ? Aside from that this is a great game for all ages , and I like that you can get codes from the web-site for unlimited lifelines , and Regis seems a little more perked up compared to the 3rd edition . The fastest finger is like on the show , and question difficulty -LRB- compared to the show -RRB- is a little bit more on track for a change compared to past editions , and another good reason to get this game is IT PLAY 's IN FULL SCREEN !! About time ... the last few Millionaire games play the size of a post-card in the middle of your screen , for the hefty-price tags on these games , you should at least be able to read the questions ! Anyways this has to be the best edition in the series yet .
 Alright I 'm a big kid -LRB- over 30 , lol -RRB- , but do n't let the name `` Kids edition '' fool you . I just bought the game yesterday , played my first round this morning . Had to use 1 lifeline each on the $ 16,000 , $ 32,000 and $ 64,000 -LRB- saved 50-50 for last and still got it wrong -RRB- . This game is just as challenging as the other 4 , and should be owned by anyone of ANY age who who owns the other 4 games in the series .
 This is a wonderful cd-rom . My daughter and I have so much fun playing each other . She is learning so much . We played the one we have so much that is is scratched and she has begged me to order another one . I would recommend it to anyone .
 My kids love this game and I 'm happy that it has some good questions about school subjects in with the Britney Spears and that kind of thing . By wrapping it all in one product fun product , it 's not so obvious that they 're actually learning . Plus , Regis is as funny as ever - he even use kid-slang like ` da bomb ' - which is pretty amusing coming from him !
 I have this game and at first , I only got to $ 100 or $ 200 but now I can reach like $ 8000 or even more ! It is really really challenging sometimes . Sometimes it is scary when you answer a question that you are 99.9 % sure is correct and you wait and wait and you find out it 's wrong . I also do n't like when they say you are a `` cheater '' .
 This is a really fun game !! But some of the questions are hard ! When our relitives came to our house for Christmas , it took them probably at least several hours and at least two times starting over before they finally got it . I think the questions are aimed at kids that are about 10 , 11 . But still , this is a fun game . I would recommened it !
 Great for kids & adults . The Kids Edition brings you easier questions and more trivia for kids . Unlike the other versions , you answer questions about Music , Movies , Sports , Science , History , Games and more ! Climb up the ladder of alot of $ $ $ . Rating Who Wants To Be A Millionaire
 I love all of the millionair games , but they are just to hard . this should be better because the questions should be easier and made for kids .
 I played the demo on www.millionairekidsgames.com , and it seems like a very good game . I gave it a four but i might of gave it a five if I had the actual game . The only thing that I did n't like was that it was hard to hear the phone a friend . I really want to get this game , because I have always been a big Millonaire fan , and a big Regis Philbin fan . This game seems like one of these games that you play for more than a few months without getting bored . And Regis , that is my Final Answer .
 My kids played a demo of this game , and they would n't get off the computer ! They thought it was challenging , yet fun because Regis Philbin directs all his commentary to a kids audience.As a mom , it 's a safe product that actually has relevant trivia questions that compliments what they are learning in school . I plan to buy it when it comes out for my kids since it 's not that expensive .
 This game is extrememly popular in my house -LRB- kids 2 , 5 , 7 , 10 -RRB- with both the kids and their grandparents . The whole gang will hang out by the computer and work as teams .
 In this day and age , it 's important to find games kids can play either by themselves or with the whole family . `` Millionaire '' is just that game . It 's fun and informative and appropriate for many ages of kids . Unlike other CD-ROM games , you wo n't get bored with this game quickly as it has a lot of questions to keep you playing for a long time . Perfect as a gift or just as something to do with your children .
 Come on ! I won at leat 7 times since I was 6 ! I 'm still waiting for my 7,000,000 ! You guys think it 's hard ? Sheesh ! Grownups are so dumb , and gullible , and have no taste in music . -LRB- KIDZ BOP -RRB-
 i suggest that you order this game on cd-rom ! I think this is the best game ever made in this world.I have it foor everything except the computer and board game!I have the hand held game of this.I watch it on t.v every time it comes on.WEll get this !
 Microsofts online renewal is 49.99 , Bargin for 3 computers , Second year using works great .
 Symantec is selling for $ 69.00 ! And have you ever tried uninstalling its product suite ? Windows Live OneCare automatically updates your antivirus files each time you log onto your pc ; it protects you from Phishing schemes and malware ; it includes an easy-to-configure firewall that works ; it tunes your pc on YOUR schedule , including removing temp files , backing up important files , and defragging your hard drive -LRB- s -RRB- ; and you can LEGALLY install it on THREE PCs simultaneously ! It also can restore important data on your PC . Although some of these chores can be accomplished with the utilities that come with the new Vista Operating System , it 's nice to have everything in one central location . Moreover , OneCare works in the background and does n't slow down your computer . Arduous tasks , such as defrag and backup , can be accomplished while you sleep . I have used this product for almost a year , and I have just renewed my subscription ! I certainly like the $ 29.99 price tag , too .
 It is user friendly , transparent , and more robust than Trendmicro 's or CA 's products , both of which slowed my computer and prevented my music websites from working . For Windows OSes , Onecare is best in my experience . However , I have not used OneCare 's backup feature enough to make a judgement . The $ 49.99 for 3 computers may be okay , but it would be even better if Microsoft offers it for one computer at 1/3 the rate , say at $ 17/computer per year .
 If you go right now and ask any stores like best buy , that which antivirus is best they would tell you one between these,MCAFEE-NORTON-PC CILLIN , but i am a computer technician , i tell you that non is like Microsft antivirus!since i am working with internet a lot!before i used to change my widows everymonth becuase of virus!but now no more!i have my windows for 1 year!also i installed this for several people and they always appropriate me!just think about it for a minute!who made windows!microst!so wow knows better about windows and can make better antivirus!microsft!trust me!go to -LSB- ... -RSB- and get 90 free trial!I am sure you will never go with anyother antivirus !
 Great product . I am using it for second year . Have been very satisfied with OneCare and decided to continue with it . The price is amazing especially this time . I got it from Amazon market place for $ 5 because it is an old version but this does not matter . All you need is the subscription key and you can get the latest version online unless you already have it as in my case -LRB- I was renewing my subscription -RRB- .
 I was fed up with Norton so when my husband asked me buy anti-virus software for his new laptop I knew it was n't going to be Norton . After reading the reviews here on Amazon I decided to try OneCare.We like it so much that we installed in on new desktop , as well.I have n't had one virus and I like that it let 's me know what 's going on with my pc while I 'm online .
 I have used Norton , McAfee , and Trend Micro security suites in the past . While I found Norton and McAfee to seriously slow my system down and take over all areas of my machine , Live OneCare uses very little memory and can be easily managed . I have experienced no problems whatsoever and have had no networking issues , either . I can highly recommend this for people looking for an unobtrusive , fully comprehensive security system .
 Just a li'l background on this user
 They kicked the geeks out of the room when this was finished and then rewrote the front end to talk to you in plain English . If something is n't working right on your system , you 'll know why and what to do because you 're told clearly.Another nice feature is that it automatically cleans up unused temp files and defrags your machine . No other product does all this . It comes with a backup program to and occasionally reminds you to backup your files.I 'm converted about 20 people to using it over other products .
 I had Norton 2006 . Then I updraded my PC from XP to Vista Home Premium and was in the market to look at Vista-compatible antivirus -LRB- primarily , since Windows Firewall is now 2-way and good enough in Vista -RRB- . I actually bought Norton Internet Security 2007 but could n't get to install it on Vista ; so returned it.I went online to the onecare.live.com site to download the trial version . it installed in a breeze without any issues . Ran a complete scan and felt it was actually a bit faster than Norton Internet Security 2006 . It also had other goodies like auto-defragmentation , backup , tune up etc. . Nice value . There are claims out there that other anti-malware programs may catch more viruses , worms , spyware , etc but I think for those who use common sense and fair caution on internet and email , OneCare is great -LRB- more than adequate -RRB- . I plan to now convert the trial version to fully licensed version . It integrates with Vista so well that it is not intrusive at all.Now what I wish OneCare did better or differently : - Backup program should have given more and easier options to select which folders/files I want to backup . They could have simply borrowed the backup interface -LRB- at least for advanced users -RRB- from Windows XP .
 I have used one care 1.5 for over a year it protects my computer and does not seem to slow it down . Am currently testing the Beta 2.0 it adds some important features but is still light weight .
 So far the software has worked very well on my PC . The installation went well and the updates do not take a long time to load . Clean interface , very easy to use . Geared for novices , but with some advanced configurations available if you dig around . Integrates well with windows . Generally quite fast , auto-updates seamlessly . Makes performing a variety of maintenance tasks easy -LRB- defrag , clean space , etc -RRB- .
 I started off as a beta tester for this product and it has been on my computer ever since I think this is a great product and I will renew my subscription again and again . Keep turning out great products like this and you 'll keep my business going . Thanks !!!!!
 Tired of the boot-slowing machine-hogging of the major vendor 's security package , I wanted to see how well Microsoft would perform with this online product . I removed all traces of previously loaded security software and installed OneCare . I am impressed that the package works mostly in the background , yet instantaneous when a suspicious file lands on my machine . I do n't use the package for backup since I have several machines in a network that I prefer to control . OneCare continues to say an `` Item of Caution '' exists , because I wo n't upgrade to Internet Explorer 7 . I plan to install Live OneCare on the rest of the machines in my network .
 This refers to v1 .6 -LRB- downloaded , not purchased retail -RRB- Plus Side
 I am sure it is as good as the 90 day trial I am doing now from Microsoft.I am going to run the trial for 60 to 70 days and then install the software I ordered from Amazon which will run my subscription for 12 months into October or November on 2008 . I have been very happy of the live OneCare . It may or may no quit as good as Norton but in getting rid of Norton got rid of all other problems that were a lot of trouble fromNorton software .
 So far the software has worked very well on my PC . The installation went well and the updates do not take a long time to load . As well , it is not a resource hog . One draw back is that they wo n't ship to Canada . You have to find a friend in the US to ship it to , to take advantage of the good price .
 Microsoft live one care is the top of the line . It takes care of most everything for you . I just plugged in you Ext.hard drive , turned on the Microsoft Live OneCare and forgot about it.I once used Norton ... Well , being that it was such a `` resource hog '' It took forever to get started.But not with Microsoft Live OneCare . I Build a fast machine and Microsoft Live OneCare keeps it that way .
 This program is great . I had been using several Norton programs that seemed to cause problems with my Windows XP . This program does n't slow down my Windows XP operating system and works smoothly . I 've had no problems with error messages coming up and it provides security coverage and performance updates on a regular basis . I 'm glad I switched !
 This the best internet security suite money can buy ! It 's everything you could ever want in protection for your PC ! Do n't waste your money on any of the other products out there if you use Windows XP or Vista !
 It is a good program but it was pain to install it , It required over 2 hours of Tech support to finally get it going .
 I got an Acer laptop with Vista Ultimate pre-installed and a Norton trial . The Norton was bothersome with it 's incorrect nagging and even crashing . Symantec support had a new version but on download I lost the 90-day trial period . So I decided to try OneCare since I know it 's Vista ready . Honestly I have had zero problems with this product . It works without bugging you about settings and prompts when it does something in the background -LRB- like changing your firewall when on an unsecured network -RRB- . It reminds you to back-up , and updates itself . If you need to share media , one click in the firewall settings shares the proper ports . On my XP machine I still use McAfee , but when the subscription expires I think I 'll standardize on OneCare .
 I was using several different virus/spam/adware `` protection programs '' , which were not effective . My computer still got a virus infection . I learned about Microsoft Live One Care from the repair tech who cleaned up my computer . I love it ! I 've uninstalled all of those other somewhat ineffective protection programs and rely on my MS Live One Care . The first year 's subscription is included in the purchase price , and after that it 's $ 49.00 per year . My license agreement also allowed me to install MS Live One Care on three personal computers , at no additional cost .
 Easy to install ; In general it seems that it works fine . I hope so . Unfortunatelly it 's never finished hard drive defragmention ??? Scan for viruses always end up with the message that there is : Trojan : JS/Redirector . A and Quarantine Failed.I 've never find out how serious it is and why any update does not fix it.There is nothing from Microsoft what would discribe this `` Trojan '' .
 I have used this product for three years and am very pleased with the results.Microsoft Windows Live OneCare 1.5 Online PC Care Subscription -LSB- 12 Months -RSB-
 I originally used McAfee on my Vista-equipped laptop . After many software and stability problems and an eventual hard drive reformat , a review of various message boards suggested that Vista stability issues were often related to overzealous anti-virus software . I installed the free trial version of Windows Live OneCare , assuming it was more likely compatible with Vista since it was also a Windows product . So far it works well and is less intrusive than the McAfee product . The hard drive scans and update downloads do not interfere with normal operations or slow the system as McAfee did . And the auto-backup works seamlessly as well.I do n't normally recommend Microsoft products , but this one works well and is a good value . It is less expensive that other alternatives , only $ 50 for a one year 3-user license . However , you can usually find it advertised for $ 10 - $ 20 at the major electronics or office supply chains . Try the free 90-day trial at the Microsoft Live OneCare website .
 awesome anti virus by Microsoft . . Work 's great on vista , it work 's automatically and quitely . although if your not sure just try the 90 day 's trial first . I reccomend everybody to buy this software . . I been using it , and I dont have a problem with it ... I 'm completely satisfied with this product . . `` hint
 great security in the first and using but after 40 days its becom need to substract it and i try to make it its didnt work thats it
 I waited a while on this one , as I wanted to fully compare it to the other AV/Spyware programs that I have used through the years . I have tried many of them -LRB- Norton , McAfee , PC Cillin , Panda , Avast , etc. . . -RRB- . Once I made the switch to Vista a year or so ago , my options were limited , but I eventually made the $ 20 leap and bought OneCare . After about ten minutes set up , and scheduling my backups , it has run -LRB- almost -RRB- flawlessly since February . The only hiccup is an occasional failure of the defrag during the Tune-Up . The red/yellow/green logo lets you know at once if you need to fix something -LRB- and when you click on it ... how to fix it ! -RRB- The firewall is intuitive in setting permissions , and should be good for both beginners and advanced users . As others have said , the drain on system resources is VERY minimal -LRB- even during tune-ups -RRB- . I have highly recommended OneCare to anyone that would listen , and I will continue to do so , as long as the updates are as good as the initial product .
 I know I have read that other programs are better than this one , but I installed Vista Ultimate on my maching and wanted a comprehensive program that would mesh completely with Vista . What better choice than a program by Microsoft?It installed flawlessly , has done what is supposed to . Consistently backed-up my computer and keeps it running well and checks for viruses and other malware . The only advice is use another spyware program -LRB- either freeware or purchased variety -RRB- to insure that all malware/spyware/adware is trapped before doing damage to your computer .
 Microsoft 's LiveOneCare -LRB- LOC -RRB- seems to be a good solution for `` all-in-one '' protection . I switched to this service after experiencing feature bloat and general slowdown from other anti-virus/anti-spyware suites . It runs pretty much in the background , staying out of the way of other applications . Just make sure to schedule the `` tune-ups '' away from the time you need to do other things . The virus scan is pretty slow - effective - ?? ca n't really tell , but my machine seems to be malware free at this point . The software is still a little rough around the edges in places . There are very few parameters that can be adjusted to personal preferences and some of the report results are a bit obscure . I like too much information rather than `` sparing me the details . '' LOC has pretty decent support from a users forum on-line but not much help from Microsoft itself . A couple of bad update patches caused grief for a number of users during mid-2007 but those seem to be resolved now . Overall - not bad - I am staying with LOC and would not hesitate to recommend it to others.As a nit-pick - I do n't like Microsoft 's new software packaging . It is a hard plastic box that presents an interesting challenge to open the first time it is encountered . Much too big for a single disk - hard to store . Hopefully recyclable material : -RRB-
 This is a product for people who want easy to use antivirus , firewall , and general PC care software . It keeps my PCs protected and in excellent running order.I do suggest that an additional anti spyware program be used to increase your layers of protection . I use Lavasoft along with OneCare and have not experienced any difficulty .
 This program offers a complete set of tools for firewall and virus protection . It is not the most rigid or effective tool but does do a comprehensive protection package
 I was forced to use Live Care because when Windows Vista was released Jan 30 , I had no other choices . I actually like this software . You do not even know it is running in the background as it does not slow your computer what-so-ever ! It also defragments your disks as well as backs up your files . Plus the price is excellent !
 Does everything it says it does/very happy with it ... Amazon does a super job in shipping ...
 I missed reading on the packaging a requirement that a broadband internet connection is recommended for this software . It is stated when you read the help file system requirements after installation . I can attest to the fact that broadband would greatly enhance my experience since there are daily updates of two megs or more -LRB- After the intial install there was a 30 meg update -RRB- . The status messages are not very informative or accurate . When it says `` checking for updates '' , it is also downloading updates even though elsewhere it states your software is up to date as of today 's date . A broadband connection would have eliminated this issue since it took a couple hours to download the initial 30 meg update . Otherwise I am very satisfied with the software .
 Works well once you figure out how to install it.Was on phone for a hour with tech support but finally got it . I had an old version on that had yo be removed before new version could be installed .
 I am still under the free 3 month trial period and love it . I will buy it because it does n't eat my memory and I feel safe with the people who designed the operating system.I reccomend !
 Silent and reliable protection at a bargain price . Simple interface , not like those other fragmented bundles of freeware utilities .
 I really like this product . It has everything I need , antivirus , anti-spyware , and backup utilities . I never cared much for backup utilities , but this one is fairly streamlined and works great . You can choose to backup only the files that have changed in order to speed up the process . Everything is backed up directly to a folder on my maxtor external hard drive . I had been using McAfee which I really liked , but when I purchased a new Dell laptop preloaded with Vista Home Premium , I was n't convinced that McAfee was going to work properly so I went with this and am glad that I did . I am still running McAfee on my desktop running XP .
 I have been happy with this product on my AMD 64 however the Celeron based machine on which I also installed this product sometimes hangs up and performs much slower which is to be expected . The price is certainly right ! I have the full version of Outlook installed and find the Junk Mail filter to be sufficient without the need for additional Spam filtering software .
 I do not like Microsoft products because they are so layered and clunky , however , this anti-virus and tune-up program is tailored to PC 's using Windows and works the best . The AMazon vendor price was outstanding . The single buy runs three PC 's for a year . I have used Norton and MacAfee - this one care product works the easiest on all my machines . It does not foul the email program or stop downloads without reason as the others do .
 I had used Norton products for nearly 15 years . After having more and more problems with those , I finally got fed up with trying to fix what Norton messed up . After all , I do n't use my computer to learn how to fix Norton 's errors.I had also tried McAfee and Computer Associates stuff . Not really impressed.So I finally switched to Microsoft 's Windows OneCare . It may not have all the bells and whistles of the other products , but at least I can now use my computer for doing the things I orginally obtained it for.I particularly like the auto-defragging feature . Why that was never put into the competitor 's products is beyond me ... it is a no-brainer . Now , if they will only put a password vault into it ...
 This is an excellent product from Microsoft and will do it 's job as long as you have your computer hooked up to the internet via broadband or wireless . It does not function well at all using a dial up connection .
 I love this software , is easy to use and mantain , and more definetly more lite than Norton 's software , which i was a great fan of.You just need to know that this software is not running under windows x64 , but if you 're not , then it 's a 100 % recommended.LaterFernando
 this software works relatively well , however i would still sugest safer practices such as using opera or firefox instead of ie . also it does `` consume '' a lot of ram ~ 50MB . far better than norton and mcafee , but still slows conection noticeably
 The product is great , but it keeps asking me to back up programs I have not even used yet , programs that came with the computer that I have n't deleted because I have n't taken the time to review , but want to get to eventually . I guess I ca n't wait . My choices are to have my security keep saying I am not safe or delete these previews so I can know for sure if I need to do an action or not .
 I installed the online trial version and ran it for several weeks - great product ! Little or no impact on performance , excellent functionality , provides for all system maintenance needs - virus and spyware erradication , keeps Windows updated , disk and system optimized , and even does a great job of backup -LRB- to a USB hard drive , or even a network share ! -RRB- . All integrated together and work smoothly . I highly recommend this product for personal or small office usage . The price for 3 computers per year is a great deal - cheaper than the several separate software that would have to be purchased to provide the same funcationality.Now for why only four stars ... As I said I had the trial version installed from downloading via Microsoft . Rather than updating online directly I opted to buy the retail package from Amazon . First off , the fancy retail plastic package is extremely difficult to open - it has a couple small -LRB- hard to find small -RRB- red tabs that you are to pull to undo the outer wrap - the red tabs break ... I could not get the plastic box open - and in the end I forceably smashed it to get to the contents!Ok , after smashing it to get it open I tried to install it . It would hang the browser and die mid install - did not like the existing trial installation ... Tried to uninstall the trial install - that would also fail ... Then the OS -LRB- WinXP -RRB- would hang as well . After an hour of rebooting , reinstalling , rebooting , etc. . I found a utility on the Microsoft web site that would wipe all of OneCare from the system - I finally got that to run to completion and the OS then behaved ok . And I was at long last able to successfully install the retail installation.The program is great - the retail packaging and trial update are really bad ...
 I have n't actually played the game , but I 've heard very good things about it . I also know I 'll like it because I like monsters Inc. and I REALLY like Disney Interactive games .
 Sometimes , even Monsters need a break ! When players join one eyed Mike Wazowski for a action packed game of bowling , they wo n't want to stop playing . The game also has great graphics and two difficulty settings-Scary and Horrifying.In order to make a strike , you 'll need to guide your ball . Obstacles such as ramps and pinball style bumpers are all over the bowling alley , so be careful ! You can also collect cool power-ups , like one that can make your ball explode upon impact with the pins.I had SO much fun while playing this thing , and I think anyone who liked the movie will have a blast with this . I really hope Disney will make arcade games as good as this one for some of their other movies , like `` The Emporer 's New Groove '' .
 It is not an easy game at first . But who wants to win a game right out of the box . Once you get the knack of using the arrow keys to move around the obstacles , it is lots of fun . I am actually addicted . Ca n't wait to get home and start playing again .
 I was happy to find this wedding software since I am helping my sister plan her wedding . I brought it because of the Post name and because I could n't find one from Martha Stewart . It is very helpful in that it gives the basics for planning a wedding , inviting guests , reception , showers , etc. . However there are several glitches which prevent the software from being 5 stars in my opinion -LRB- n.b. it does have a manual which you can print out and answers some questions -RRB- . I was a little disappointed with the guest list program which has a few bugs . One very annoying bug is that it tends to lose the names when you go into `` guest view '' and then when you go back into the original entry the names are all there . Also if you do not hit `` enter '' after typing some names and just `` tab '' to the next field , you will lose your entry after you save the guest information . You should realize that although it allows you to print out your guests ' addresses , it does n't allow you to format it for labels . Another annoying aspect about the program is that once you are using the software , it does n't allow you to switch to another program or window . The reason that this was a handicap for me was that I could n't switch from my electronic addressbook to cut & paste my guest information into Emily Post . I ended up printing out the electronic addressbook and then typing it into the Post guest list database.It is a good beginner software -LRB- I am assuming that this is the first one from Post -RRB- , but hopefully they will find someone who will make it more user friendly and compatible with other software -LRB- i.e. , avery labels , access , etc. -RRB- .
 Okay , I am a HUGE fan of the Lego product line and I am a computer nerd . When this game came out so many years ago , I scooped it up immediately and I loved it . Building and animating your creations is very very fun.BUT ... regardless of what the product description says , I have not had this game work since I migrated off of Windows 95 . Patches and such that promise that this game will work under XP or Vista just do n't live up to the hype.If you want to build with Lego bricks on the computer , wait for the new on-line game coming out soon . The Lego company has some surprises to offer ...
 They 've fixed the AM/PM bug a couple of other reviewers noticed , so the new version works great . Lots of options including Placidus , Koch , or Equal House systems , set your own orb size , natal horoscopes , daily horoscopes , etc. . Plus it 's very simple to use.Very accurate and well written horoscopes .
 I have used this program for years and really like it . It is easy -- in other words , uncomplicated . I do not consider myself a professional astrologer but have dabbled since 1971 . All in all , it is the best without great expense .
 This game is fun because its not like normal games.You have to survive without your parents.The game is a lot of fun.You have to find food , shelter and water in order to play farther in the game . The graphics in this game are wonderful .
 I like this game , even though I lost this first bizillion times
 This software worked fine on my Mac -- I do n't know what specific problem the reviewer below was having . I 'm using an iMac and it 's speedy and works just great .
 If you need an ASL reference or want to pick up some -- buy this . This is a really well designed piece of software , and it 's much better to see how to make the signs with video on your computer instead of flipping through a book and having to guess at some of the motions . Wholeheartedly recommended !
 I absolutely love Martin L.A. Sternberg 's mammoth ASL dictionary , and I refer to it quite often when studying . But if a picture is worth a thousand words , a real-life moving one is priceless ! ASL dictionaries are good in a pinch , but there is nothing like seeing a real-life model `` sign '' the word you are looking for . This CD is awesome ! There are over 2500 words that are categorized for easy reference . You can record your sessions for testing later.This CD uses different models who not only sign , but utilize facial expressions as well . Dr. Sternberg has put together an outstanding resource that will greatly advance the signing skills of any ASL beginner . Highly recommended ... 5 + stars !
 This program works great as a reference , but do n't look to it as a Mavis Beacon-esque tutor to teach you Sign Language from the start , or have I just not found that section ? The program is a little confusing to navigate . But after about 10 mins of exploring I think I found everything there is to do on the disk.A lot of people are complaining about software issues with this CD-ROM . In order to see the video and everything properly -LRB- I 'm running Win98 -RRB- I had to Uninstall my current Quicktime -LRB- 5.0 I think -RRB- ENTIRELY in Add/Remove Programs and THEN install the program and ITS version of QT -LRB- 2.0 -RRB- . Then it worked and I was free to re-install 5.0 . The two vers . of quicktime are not conflicting and are performing their own duties on their own -LRB- 2.0 for ASL CD and 5.0 for movie watching , Netscape , etc -RRB- without any problems .
 THIS CD ROM IS GREAT . I have told all my classmates how terrific this is , and 1/2 of them have ordered it and are happy they did . Along with a visual/video , it gives you the written description of signing as well as audio instructions and in some cases -LRB- where appropriate -RRB- has little light bulb helpers . Would recommend this for any age , anyone interested in learning ASL . You can test yourself on what you learn . Simple and fairly quick to download program on your PC . Terrific learning tool , worth the money , and of course great service from AMAZON.com .
 This software works great , I 've never ever had a problem and I think its weird how so many have . The best part I beleive , besides the explainations and the videos , is how it memorizes every sign I look up , so I can then test myself later . This option comes in really handy . The question I have for whoever might be able to answer this is , Does the ability to download new signs every month work ? As of right now , I would say that the software is old enough that it does not work , But maybe I am wrong , please let me know . Thanks . . I think someone or some company should come out with a new software just like this one , with more of todays technology , but they must have the option of memorizing every signed looked up for further testing , for I feel that is a really important quality in this product , and I use it over other dictionary softwares I own .
 I experienced none of the problems the other reviewers here mention . Because of those other scathing reviews , I was quite hesitant to purchase and install the software , but thought it was worth a try since the interface and features were just what I was looking for in computer fax software . I am extremely happy that I `` took a chance '' on WinFAX 10.0 . It is very useful , versatile , powerful as well easy and pleasant to use -LRB- i.e. nice interface -RRB- . There are MANY very nice , significant -LSB- as well as subtle -RSB- details -- far too many to list here . I would recommend trying it .
 Just loaded 10.0 version after using numerous earlier versions but was terrified by the negative reviews on Amazon.I did get the error message on the autoinstall feature but went to the Symantec site and found a quick workaround in seconds that was flawless.I send about 10k and receive about 2k faxes a year so I have high expectations and found the new product wonderful . I have to believe that the negative reviews were from from casual users and not those that really use and understand the product . I wondered how it would be possible for Symantec to have such a weak product and now realize it was not possible.Sorry I waited so long to upgrade .
 I have used this product for YEARS ! I now have the 10.0 and use it with XP Office 2007 . And , I have the SP2 service pack.This is the easiest program to install and use . I did just put in the disk and send a fax . I had one problem off the top . I got an error telling me NO DIAL TONE . I immediately grabbed the book and looked in the Index , for
 Winfax Starter was undependable and unsupported by Symantec and Microsoft as far as I could tell . Symantec gave me a deal to upgrade to Winfax Pro . I did . It works better than anything else I 've found . I receive my faxes . I can annotate a signature and fax back . It integrates with Outlook so that my faxes are received in my Inbox . Any problems have been easily solved . I have not needed any tech support . I am satisfied .
 I am a previous user of Winfax Pro and have always liked it . This version has three main enhancements . The first is the user interface . It has been enhanced and has a better look and feel with more information at the ready . I also love the desktop icon that allows you to drag and drop documents for faxing . The third and probably the best is the tighter integration with Outlook . Just begin the fax process , choose the contact from the address book , fill in the subject and click send . Ca n't get much easier than that .
 I have not had a single problem with WinFax Pro . After upgrading from WinFax Basic I found everything was much as I had hoped . I was able to make my own fax cover sheets as easily as sending a fax . And sending a fax is as easy as a right click on the file you want to fax ! You never need to call up the entire program to send a fax , and after a while you 'll find that you will either right click , or do a simple drag-and-drop of the file to the WinFax Depot icon . The hardest thing about Winfax Pro is the book that explains how to do things . The book is very hard to understand , and shows the long way to do the simplest things . Better instructions would give this product a perfect five stars .
 I -LRB- was very happy with the previous version , and this is even better , esp . with Time Machine !
 Just for the record
 I switched to Mac in December and got the OS X 10.5 with the computer . It runs smoothly and without a hitch , which is very commendable.I was not accustomed to the different tools , and therefore have left some of them unused to this day . I do n't for example use the mail feature , the iChat , or the iCal . Furthermore there are some applications , that I do n't think fantastic , for example Safari , which I did use for a short while but found to be utterly inferior to Mozillas browser -LRB- it will for example not open hotmail -RRB- . There are far too many things in the OS X that you do n't need , yet are still there and set up as standards , which is a bit irritating . It takes forever to find out where these files are hidden and change/delete them . It is a lot harder , in my opinion at least , to tailor your computer to your needs with OS X than with Windows , change settings and preferences and so on.However , there are redeeming factors . The preview function , that lets you look at most files without running the application that you 'd normally use to open them in , is priceless . That really comes in handy a lot . The time machine function , that makes a backup of your harddisk , is also very handy , and takes a load of your mind . I have loads of photos and text that I 'd rather not loose because of system failure , and I 'm sure that goes for most people.The ` search ' set up makes it fairly easy to locate a file you yourself have created , but is otherwise very limited seeing that it does n't search all folders . I personally had a hell of a time trying to re-install some Adobe software because I could n't locate a file that turned out to be in the `` library '' folder using the search function.In conclusion I 'll say that I do n't think this is a superior operating system , but it is definitely not inferior either . I would like more personal control over things , but I do get how it is nice that you can -LRB- if you choose to -RRB- just sit back and let Apple handle everything for you . I would n't switch to Mac just to get to use OS X , but I would n't run Windows on my Mac either .
 The many features of this latest operating system are fabulous . The extra capabilities for Preview to edit and review PDF files ; creating total computer back ups with Time Machine , using the dictionary and thesaurus features while preparing email messages ; rapid start ups ; and overall operating stability!I ordered the Mac OS X Version 10.5 online from Apple . I liked it so well that I wanted to install it on my other MacBooks and iMac computers , so I ordered the Family Pack from Amazon -- rapid and exceptional delivery.For this product I am a very happy customer
 As I Mac user since 1985 , I 've looked forward to each new operating system release from Apple . I went through the bad times and the good times , but I 'm happy to say the best OS for the Mac has just gotten better ! OS Ten -LRB- OS X -RRB- has been a blessing for Mac users since it started . Each release just keeps getting better . I thought after `` Tiger '' , how could it get any better ? Leopard has shown that it can!As someone that has been in IT for many years , I stay away from X. 0 releases -LRB- first version -RRB- , so as much as I wanted to , I resisted the 10.5.0 release of Leopard for my part-time home office which is running four Macs.After the 10.5.1 release , I purchased this 5-client pack from Amazon . On my Intel Mac Mini and my wife 's Intel iMac , the upgrade went fine , no issues whatsoever . On my 1st generation MacBook , and Dual G5 PowerMac , the results were n't the same . I had several issues with both . Not enough to cause serious problems , but enough for me to put my Tiger clone back on and keep running Tiger.Finally , 10.5.2 was released , and this time was a charm for both machines . I am happily running Leopard on all my Macs now . Time Machine , Quick Look , the new Finder , and speed and security improvements are all features that I 'm very happy with . Time Machine with Time Capsule is one of the most revolutionary features that modern personal computers have seen in a long time . I 'm quite disciplined on making backups and clone images every week , but other members of my family never did backups . They either depended on me , or just lived on the edge . With Time Machine , my life has gotten so much better , and their data is rarely at risk any more . It 's just a `` no-brainer '' backup solution that works without them even knowing about it ... until they lose something ! Recently , it rescued my wife 's iMac from a serious malfunction when she tried to `` modify '' her dock settings and deleted some system files . Her entire dock disappeared and there was nothing she could do to get it back . Within minutes , using TM , we were able to bring it back to `` a time '' before she deleted the files . With one Time Capsule , we can keep everyone 's Mac backed up on a continual basis . Some people have compared it to the Windows `` Snapshot '' feature , but it 's not . It 's much more powerful and complete . If you read the fine print of Windows `` System Restore '' , it makes no such promise that you 'll positively be able to go back and restore the exact file you lost . With TM , EVERY file -LRB- unless YOU exclude it -RRB- will be backed up . How far you can go back `` in time '' is only dictated by how big a hard drive you have.The new Apple Mail has `` Data Detectors '' . Whenever it sees a name , date , or address , it has the intelligence to understand that is specific data . When it sees a date , you can instantly pop it into iCal without having to leave Mail and open iCal . See an address ? Instantly jump to Google Maps to see a map , and import it if needed . Saves me a lot of time ! `` Spaces '' is another great feature . Not revolutionary , virtual desktops have been around a long time , but Apple has integrated it nicely into Leopard . I use dual 24 '' LCDs in a virtual desktop configuration , so with Spaces , I can increase my productivity by having sets of applications into its own space . The Expose features also work in Spaces , so even when viewing dual monitors , I can separate many different views into distinct windows . You can quickly `` grab '' windows and place them in different spaces as needed.Networking has improved over Tiger , and while WiFi had problems in the initial release , these seem to be all but gone now . Early adopter problems seem to have vanished with 10.5.2 , including the small issues I had . Hard drive partitions can now be dynamically changed without losing data from your startup partition -LRB- though be careful as you would with any disk utility -RRB- . Some people have complained about the transparency , but I 've had no issues with it , and it can be turned off now . What 's really surprising about Leopard , is it makes my 4-year old PowerMac run faster ! In the Windows world , whenever you upgrade the OS , you are usually required to upgrade the computer as well -LRB- very nice for computer retailers ! -RRB- , but on Macs , this is n't a problem , unless you have a really old Mac or one that is terribly under-configured . The big cat has hit a home run with my small office ! Can it get any better ?
 I love mac os x. Leopard is a great upgrade to cool new features . I purchased this upgrade for spaces and for ichat screen sharing capabilities . Spaces lets me stay more organized and less cluttered . I can work on photoshop as its own space and have another space for all my internet windows that I have open . I can switch between them with a click of a button rather than hitting expose and searching for the window a that I am working on . The screen sharing is my favorite . My brothers are goof balls so I can go ahead and control their computer through ichat with screen sharing . No more 3rd party software . The old os is perfect . Only updgrade if you really need to .
 This is really a great new operating system for Mac . One purchase and I was able to upgrade all four Mac in our family . Microsoft should learn a lesson and do the same when they do an upgrade to the OS . Anyway , we all lovbe the new features in Leopard , including the neat , new utilities .
 Leopard is a great update . One of the things you 'd be easy to overlook as a little so-what is the Quickview , but it 's one of my favorite features ! Sample songs , check out pictures or documents easily and once the quickview pane is up , you just have to switch to a something else to get it 's quickview .
 Absolutely wonderful . I upgraded my 4 year old G5 , and it runs like brand new . I ca n't imagine life stuck in a Vista world ... * ewwww , shutters at the thought .
 The leopard works great so far , and I 've had no conflicts with anything else I have on my laptop . It 's what they say it is . What else can I say ?
 I have installed Leopard on 2 MacBook Pro Core Duos , 1 Core Duo iMac , 1 G4 1.25 single proc Tower and bought a new MacBook with it preinstalled.I have done both upgrade installs and fresh ones . Both methods worked flawlessly . I enjoyed using SuperDuper to clone my existing drive to an external then doing a clean install of Leopard and transfering my user info and applications . -LRB- Take notes M$ ! -RRB- I can say that it performs just as well on all of these machines as long as you have 1 gig or more of RAM . I had 512 on the G4 and the iMac and I noticed a performance boost once I went to 1 + gig of RAM.I find Leopard to be more stable than Tiger and by that I mean I am seeing WAY fewer spinning beachballs of doom and the few that I have seen have been cleared by a force quit . I found that force quit was not always successful in Tiger.I have not yet worked with all of the new features such as Time Machine , but from what I 've seen so far in stability improvements , the Family Pack has already paid for itself.My fav features are Spaces -LRB- linux has had this for years -RRB- , QuickView and it 's ability to EASILY talk to Windows shares . Before I had to run a script to map Windows shares and now I can simply browse them by storing my authentication info in Keychain .
 Time machine backs up my macbook pro without me even thinking about it . Lo and behold ... I actually needed to find a file I accidentally deleted and works as advertised.In the finder , quickview and coverflow are much more practical than I expected ... more than eye candy . Great for sorting through images , and GREAT for figuring out what version of a doc I 'm looking at . Coverflow may take a while to generate previews , especially if looking at video files . Not a big deal.DVD player has better controls and a very practical scene thumbnail browser when you move pointer to the top of the screen.Some of my apps , like system tweakers such as Onyx and Maintenance , or open source apps like Gimp , does n't seem to work , which may be a drag if I used them more frequently . Again , not a big deal for me , but make sure your key apps are Leopard compatable or have upgrades available before installing.Over all , a great upgrade . The features I first thought to be gimmicks actually enhanced my productivity quite a bit .
 Mac OS 10.5 is an outstanding update to an already great OS . Beyond the rock-solid UNIX underpinnings , the new features that I find most useful are :1 -RRB- Automatically add events to iCal from Mail . This is a huge time saver for those who get appointment notifications by email .2 -RRB- Time Machine works great and it is no longer necessary for me to use my old ad hoc terribly unsafe backup scheme . This feature alone is worth the upgrade .3 -RRB- Mail & iCal . The new version of mail is very fast , and the ability to have nested and smart folders is a plus . iCal 's changes are great and the app . is now ready for prime time .4 -RRB- Apache2 and PHP is included , which is n't going to help most users but if you are web developer you 'll appreciate that .5 -RRB- Spaces . Having multiple working desktop spaces is great for multitasking .6 -RRB- New Look and Feel . It 's very polished . I like the black dock on the side better than the default , and it is absolutely necessary to turn off the default `` preview '' desktop icon view , but overall look is great .7 -RRB- iChat screen sharing is awesome for collaboration over the internet . Going to meetings is going to be obsolete if they keep this up!Overall , it 's worth the upgrade price , especially since they 've already released 10.5.1 , which ties up a few loose ends that were in the original version .
 Mac OS X Leopard is a feat of software engineering and usability . Nowhere else will you find an operating system that can hide its advanced underpinnings beneath a gorgeous and intuitive user interface . Here are some of my favourite features :1 . Screen SharingUnbelievably easy and fast . I 've used Microsoft Remote Desktop , Chicken of the VNC , etc. , but none compare to the simplicity of screen sharing in Leopard . Also , I am not sure how Apple has done it , but the speed of screen sharing is astounding over my Airport Extreme Base Station network .2 . Time MachineI bought a third internal drive for my Mac Pro to use Time Machine . It is incredibly simple and useful . For example , it works not only with files , but also with e-mail . Much has been said about Apple 's decision to pull network support from Time Machine -LRB- e.g. , backing up to an Airport disk , -RRB- but those statements are not entirely true . You can back up over the network to any hard drive connected to another computer on the network . So , for example , I can back up my wife 's Macbook to a 300 GB Firewire drive attached to my Mac Pro . Of course , it 's not nearly as fast as a local connection , but it works . I suggest you complete the initial sync locally and then perform the updates over the network .3 . StacksLeopard 's most maligned feature is Stacks , a way of seeing specified folders fly out of your dock in a fan or grid . The primary complaint has been that users can not drill down through subdirectories in Stacks . This is true ; it is not possible right now . I do n't know if Apple plans to change this , but for my purposes , it 's absolutely fine , because I never used the Dock as a file manager . Instead , I find Stacks to be an incredible way of keeping clutter off my Desktop . It includes a Downloads folder that receives files from Mail and Safari . You can easily open the Stack for this folder and see what files you have downloaded ; you can drag them to the Trash , open them , and delete them . You can expand a Stack to show the folder in the Finder , which essentially makes it a file launcher . Finally , contrary to what many have said , you can drag and drop into a Stack as though it were a regular Mac OS X spring-loaded folder . Doing so simply opens the folder in the Finder and you can continue there as you would have done in Tiger .4 . SpacesSpaces is the new feature that gives users almost as many virtual desktops as they want . If I recall correctly , the whole concept was developed by a Mac developer a few years ago . Since then , many Mac and Windows applications have imitated the concept . In the case of Spaces , however , Apple has finally done it right . Spaces switch fast and remember application preferences perfectly . You can assign applications to one space or make them viewable on all spaces.Before I purchased Leopard , I had two displays attached to my Mac Pro . With the advent of Spaces , I am now down to one display , because I feel I do n't need the second display . Spaces keeps my workspace organized and uncluttered.These are the primary features from which I have benefited . There is also a noticeable speed and responsiveness increase in Leopard , probably because it works with multi-core processors much better now . Thankfully , all new Macs come with dual-core processors , so everyone will benefit.You can see unbelievable polish and attention to detail in Leopard , as well . For example , when you add a new GMail IMAP account to Apple Mail , you will see a little link to GMail 's help center appear at the bottom of your new account page . Also , when you download a file and try to expand it , Safari will tell you exactly when it was downloaded and give you a link to the site so you can make sure the file is safe before proceeding.It is this kind of detail that really sets Apple out from other companies . You will see it in Leopard and enjoy your computing experience thoroughly .
 I waited a while to upgrade , until 10.5.2 had come out , & have had no problems doing a straight upgrade on a iMac that 's more than three years old . The improvement in performance is remarkable -- suddenly my old machine feels like a much newer computer . They 've made some technical improvements -- multi-threading the Finder , passing more work off to the graphics card -- that speed things up & reduce delays -LRB- I do n't think I 've seen a single beachball since installing -- compared to several every hour at least with Tiger -RRB- and using Spaces also makes things much more responsive . Keeping apps open and maximized in their own space -LRB- 1 for iTunes , 1 for Mail , 1 for work is my current pattern -RRB- makes them much snappier to activate than minimizing to the Dock and maximizing again .
 I am very impressed by the new OS from Apple , and it far exceeds my expectations . I upgraded largely to ensure the best compatibility with new third party applications , but there are many great features here in mail , iCal , security , multi-tasking , and so on.I have two tips :1 - Buy `` The Missing Manual '' by David PogueMac OS X Leopard
 I 've had a few months to play around with Leopard - on my Macbook Pro and Dual 2GHz G5 -LRB- 1st generation - 2003 model -RRB- . On the Macbook Pro , I performed an Archive and Install - while on the G5 I purchased a new hard drive and performed an Erase and Install . Installation went without issue on both Macs.Out of the box 10.5 had a few minor quirks - but 10.5.1 seems to have remedied many of my issues . Performance compared to Tiger on the Macbook Pro is noticeable , due to Leopard 's optimizations towards the Intel processor . On the Dual 2GHz G5 , the performance is slightly better than Tiger , but not incredibly so.Why upgrade from Tiger to Leopard?Quick Look . The ability to look at a file without having to actually open it has been an enormous time-saver . I 'm less impressed with Cover Flow , but this feature does come in quite handy when looking through a large number of photos.Spaces is an area I think Apple could really improve . It 's behavior is a little erratic , especially when assigning specific apps to specific windows . If you 've assigned a specific Space for a particular app , and you 've double-clicked a document within another Spaces window , Spaces takes you to the window the app should open in , and then immediately reverts back to the window from which you double-clicked the app . Highly unusual.I 'm not a fan of the Translucent menu-bar , but I understand that 10.5.2 will give users the option to choose between translucent and opaque menu bars , so that 's not a huge deal.I work with a vertical Dock , so the new look for the Dock actually feels like an improvement . It 's easier for me to see the items I want to select from the Dock . In the vertical position , Stacks is quite useful to me.Time Machine is a great feature - and I think this justifies the expense of Leopard alone . I 've already had to retrieve two files , which took a few hours each to create , after I had accidentally deleted them . This would not have been possible under previous versions of OS X , without the aid of additional back-up software.So , what 's my verdict ? If your computer meets the minimum requirements and you 're compelled by the features the Leopard offers -LRB- Time Machine , Quick Look , etc. -RRB- - I say , go for it . If you have an older G4 that does n't meet the specs , stick with Tiger until the time comes for you to move to an Intel based Mac .
 I 've bought this with iLife for 2 Mac computers . It is easy to install . I did not need to format like other platforms , it was just an upgrade.I like the multi desktop feature it is cool and works fine with no delay . There are lots of other stuff to try . Sharing documents and an exrternal HD was easy too .
 Okay , let us get this out there right away . This is a great product , it is what an operating system is suppose to be . Great Product!Now that is over , let us talk about why I feel this way . Both my wife and I had been Microsoft product users since the days of DOS , both at home and at work . We moved to Windows 3.0 with its release in 1990 at home . Both of us still have to use Microsoft products at work . So , for 17 years we had been Microsoft groupies , buying each and every upgrade as it was released -LRB- with one exception , we did pass on Millennium OS , phew , what a stinker -RRB- . But after endless security patches , updates , blue screens of death , virus attacks , freezes , glitches , etc. , I had had enough . It would take me 2 to 3 hours to update the two desktops and one laptop almost each week . Enough was enough.I made the decision to switch completely to Apple and the Mac 's and have not regretted it or looked back since . Packed up all the Microsoft software and machines and donated them to a charity . Replaced everything with Apple . I had hoped that we would be able to buy with Leopard pre-installed , but when they delayed the release of Leopard , we started out on Tiger.Purchased Leopard as a pre-release product , and had it in hand the day after it was officially released . Installation was a snap . Seriously , not one bug , not one hitch or hic-up . Now granted we had new MacBook Pro 's to install to , but there was no issue with the upgrade.The OS is beautiful to look at and play with . As the Apple ad 's state , `` it just works . '' And it does . It found our 4 year old digital camera no problem . Found our HP printer that we had running on the AirPort wireless router , no problems . Imported and updated all our bookmarks and history with Safari . It was just about as perfect of a paradigm shift from working with Microsoft as you could experience.Frustrated with Windows , especially Vista ? Tired of the endless frustrations on just keeping your computer current and working ? I highly recommend leaving the darkside and coming to OS X Leopard ! You will not regret it .
 As a long time mac user -LRB- who happens to use Vista all day for work -RRB- , I can tell you this is a * nice * OS . It 's a joy to use on my Mac Pro , and a definite step up from Vista . I dual boot , and with Tiger installed before , I did n't even bother booting into OS X after work . But now with 10.5.2 , I boot into Leopard everyday . On my Mac Pro , 10.5.2 is polished and butter smooth , and browsing and email is a much better experience vs. Vista .
 This is great value . Wanted a true 64 bit OS for my G-5 imac , It is a powerhouse , the applications open quicker and time machine is a much needed answer for a back up system for mac .
 My primary motivation for going to 10.5 is the improved Parental Controls , however I also like Spaces and File Preview . I 've also noticed that File Sharing is improved , you can now browse from any Finder window to connect to another computer.The upgrade process was generally smooth - I had to delete and reinstall my printer settings and one widget no longer works , but I view these as very minor issues.If anything 10.5 seems faster on my main machine -LRB- an early 2006 iMac 20 '' 2GHz Core Duo with 2GB RAM -RRB- than 10.4 . Overall , a worthwhile upgrade , but if 10.4 is working for you and you do n't need any of the new features , do n't feel rushed . If you are 10.3 or earlier , you should stongly consider 10.5 .
 Amazing product . Wished it had a few more features , but its worth the money hands down .
 I 've installed Leopard on 2 Macs we have here at the house and will be installing it on an older iBook G4 pretty soon . The iBook is about 3-4 years old and I 've made no improvements to it ... And according to the specs - it will work . And -LRB- unlike Vista -RRB- no upgrades necessary and I do n't need the top of the line anything to upgrade . Its just simply a well designed OS that works well for so many different uses . Love it !
 since the felines -LRB- tiger / jaguar -RRB- were all great I upgraded ... I am not sure I needed to do so . Still stable ... am awaiting to get time capsule to use the the back up system . that is the main impetus in getting leopard for me .
 I would have given this 5 stars primarily because I 'm a Mac bigot but have to say that Tiger proved to be more stable and not as finicky . Granted , the cool new apps and features are really awesome but I 've had to reinstall Leopard 3 times and considering a 4th because of performance issues . I see many more crashes than I did in Tiger because I have had so many problems , I 'm hesitating installing Leopard on the rest of my Mac 's . There are lots of dramatic changes to the file structures , specifically with regard to iCal and some of the others but when I used Backup to archive my files , upon restoring them iCal could n't see my calendar data so I had to manually go in and re-add them to iCal.My personal .02 cents and for what its worth , I feel that Apple 's shift to Intel processors , while performance is much quicker and perhaps cheaper to build , has cost them in performance . I know that my PowerBook G4 1.5 GHz was vastly more stable than my MacBook Pro 2.33 GHz but again , it may be the difference between Tiger and Leopard but I just do n't know for sure until I load Leopard on my wife 's iMac G5 .
 I read the reviews and chose to wait . Now that I 've upgraded to Leopard , I wonder why it took me so long to move to 10.5 . Quicklook alone is worth the price . Spotlight screams . Help is vastly improved . Network attached storage is handled much more seamlessly . The UI improvements are nice . Spaces is great for orgnanizing my work in their own space
 Fantastic product !!! Everyone who owns a Mac and does n't have Leopard needs to get it today .
 Unlike some , I 've had good luck with update . I 'm not sure what is causing the problems that some are having . I did an erase and install , after backing up my data to another drive . That may have helped me avoid some of the problems others are having . Yes there are some apps or peripherals that wo n't work , probably because of the drivers . It 's not Apple 's fault if manufacturers have chosen to ignore this release . One way around this problem is to keep a second hard drive , -LRB- either internal or external , what ever works in your case -RRB- and keep your tiger install on that . I did that , and it 's working fine.Spaces is working well for me , since I work in several apps at one time . I like the new mail app . , and Safari 3 is working well . You '' ll either like or hate the dock , there does n't seem to be much middle ground on this . There are many under the hood features in Leopard that are helping OS X mature , and subsequent updates with continue this process.All in all this update , especially the family pack is good value . And the critics will always find something complain about . SO , you decide , it does n't cost that much , less then a third of most of Vista 's 7 versions -LRB- what 's that about -RRB- ,
 What else is there to say ? Mac OS X just keeps getting better - and faster , even in older computers - with each release . Well worth the price .
 You may not use all of the new features , but Time Machine and the Mail upgrade make it worthwhile . Easy installation . If disk space is an issue , go to customize installation and omit the language options you do not need .
 Apple Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard -LSB- 5-User Family Pack -RSB- This next version of OSX offers substantial enhancements over Tiger . The installation is easy -LRB- on 3 computers so far -RRB- and flawless .
 next to maxing out on ram , an upgrade to leopard is the best upgrade you can make for a mac running tiger .
 I have installed family pack on three machines -LRB- new iMac , eMac , and 1.4 gHz iBook -RRB- and all has been good . No show stopping issues so far . It took a little effort to get the eMac to print through a shared printer on an old iMac running 10.3 , but all is good now . Overall , I enjoy the new features , and my wife says her iBook runs even faster than before the upgrade .
 I really like Leopard 's new look , with the iTunes-style windows , 3D dock , improved Spotlight , etc. . Also , Quick Look is an amazingly useful feature that enables me to view documents without having to open their respective programs.There are also a number of setting tweaks that I really appreciate , such as the ability to share specific folders . This allows me to share certain files without having to dump them into my public folder , or provided access to my entire computer , Overall , what sold me on the OS was the fact that , despite these graphical improvements , the system itself is faster . Because its so speedy , I now use spotlight as both a file finder and an application launcher . Navigating file folders is quick , and everything from changing preferences to opening programs seems more responsive . This is no revolutionary OS like Vista , but unlike Vista , it is a solid system that improves upon the previous edition without sacrificing speed or security . I would definitely recommend it to all Mac users .
 In a nutshell , Leopard has a huge number of incremental improvements that make it worth getting , especially at a reasonable price . Tweaks to drivers , the interface , and stability all make it worth getting . Leopard even consumes less RAM than Tiger.But , to be honest , there are very few , if any , jaw-dropping new features that are going to change the way you use your Mac in a major way . Bootcamp has been around for a while -LRB- and arguably less useful than VMware Fusion or Parallels -RRB- , while Time Machine is not such a big deal for anyone who has been using rsync or another backup method . And the new shiny Dock and Stacks are of questionable value.That being said , get Leopard . If you keep your expectations modest , you 'll be happy .
 Probably I wo n't be original in my comments at all ... I was an `` all times Windows user/supporter '' but after suffering Vista for a while , I decided to buy a MacBook -LRB- 4 months ago -RRB- , full of `` fears '' ... but I have to tell that I found a whole new World ... performance , GUI , applications , and general easy of use ... then Leopard came in and this new World became close to the `` Cosmos '' definition.Just using the TIME MACHINE application that comes OOB with Leopard pays far the price for the investment.If you 're running on Tiger , not decided yet to move it forward , go ahead , no doubt !!! If you 're running on Windows -LRB- any -RRB- , go ahead , give Apple a try not just with the iPhone or some of the iPods ...
 I like the Leopard , and I have shared it with family members who also have a MAC . They agree that it is easy to use . The only thing I had to do ... that I 'm aware of ... is update RealPlayer . But that was very easy . This has some interesting ways of reminding me of things , and there are still some things I ca n't find . But I 'm a slow learner , and I have to get with my `` tutor '' to be able to upgrade my brain . But so far , I have not found anything I do n't like about it .
 Much needed OS X update works beautifully on my `` ancient '' G4 Mac . Thank you for being so prompt !
 Network-based spotlight , simpler and better automound + sharing , and built-in spaces make this a worth-while update . I made the full jump with an intel book and Tiger and have n't looked back .
 The price for this from Amazon was phenomenal . The operating system , as we have come to expect from Apple , is top notch .
 I write this on August 21st 2008 . If you have not upgraded yet . Please , wait it is still too early . Many companies still have not upgraded drivers to printers , scanners etc. , Also many programs need to be updated which is fine if the company has anticipated leopard . Many Indy companies have not though.While Time Machine and Spaces are fantastic features . Being bleeding edge is not worth the loss in productivity you will have upgrading software .
 A really good upgrade . I wish it took up a little less hard drives space though .
 This is a fine product . I had no trouble upgrading several different kinds of Macs . This is convenient and worth the price . In particular , I like the simple method of registering the OS without keeping up with installation codes or special media .
 I found Leopard a little tricky to install on my g4 . Othere than that , the product has been good .
 I did an upgrade from Tiger to Leopard without reformatting my drive . Though that 's not always the most efficient way of doing things , everything went very smooth.The bugs I 'm experiencing are specific to applications . If you are an InDesign CS3 user , be ready for some hang ups and crashes . Adobe and Apple are still working on this issue . Though there is one workaround for the ID CS3 crashes that has worked for me through research on this issue . Every time you open ID , just create a new blank document - then go about your business opening an existing file , etc. . That seems to work for me - have n't had a crash since I started doing the `` new blank document '' trick.The only other bug I ran across is using my Epson Perfection 3200 Scanner through Photoshop CS3 . It hangs up the first time - but when if I force quit Photoshop , and reopen it and perform the same task - all works fine . Other than that , I really enjoy all the new features of Leopard .
 The OS comes in a very small package with a little manual . Install took 45 minutes to confirm that the CD was in good condition , 45 more to install . This review is not going to be full of technical jargon ... instead a brief first impression from a long time Mac user -LRB- circa 1984 Mac 512Ke vintage -RRB- . For the technicals , go to Apple , read geeky blogs . For the rest of us , I 'll try to keep it more straight-forward . They claim 300 changes ... here are what I think are some of the more interesting ones ... apologies for the length of the review , relative to the number of changes claimed , a moderate length to this review . Updated December 09 , 2007 to reflect new experiences.Pro : - Time machine ! OK , back up programs are available , but how many of them are sold versus the number of macs out there ? This program is native , created by Apple for Apple . All I did was plug in a hard drive and Leopard asked if I wanted to make this my back-up drive for Leopard . I clicked yes , and that was it , all set up . It begins back up once the computer is left on and idle . The first takes a very long time , hours , subsequent back ups are hourly , however only files that have changed are saved , preserving storage space and computing power . Time machine looks like any open folder window when it gets down to it ... like you went back in time and browsed around -LRB- hence the name -RRB- . Similar to `` snapshot '' for those Windows XP users out there.-Install was very easy . Boot machine , insert CD , restart with CD . The computer verified that the CD is in good condition -LRB- a lengthy process of about 45 minutes that you can skip but which is recommended -RRB- . The rest of the install takes about 45 more minutes , but it is basically all automated . It 's a Mac , it 's so clever that it 's easy . Apple does what computers promised to do ... automate smartly.-Price is very reasonable relative to other operating systems -LRB- e.g. Vista -RRB- - This OS includes the release version of Boot Camp . I 've not used it yet as I have Parallels , but I like how Apple has included this feature ... sometimes it 's just best to get along as even programs offered on both platforms are just different enough to be annoying . So if you are using PowerPoint at work on a PC , you can use it at home on your Mac acting like a PC ... thank you Apple.-The new `` you can see the content of folders in the dock bar '' feature is handy , especially if you have many projects going and you dump a lot of picture files into them . They call this new feature `` stacks '' and it works really well.-I find that movies too now give you a preview icon which is great.-New OS did not trash my preferences , such as my Son 's photo on the desktop ... very plug and play-Safari web browser is appears somewhat faster , perhaps 1x faster to load a page but I did n't really notice that much difference as I was using another browser up to this point-The widget-maker is really interesting ... I made my first widget of a stock I follow , in about 30 seconds . This was really great . I expect future versions of the feature to add more punch -LRB- e.g. the ability to add a title bar to your new widget , improved ability to make very small widgets , ability to use arrow keys to get the widget just right , ability to resize the widget once made instead of deleting and starting all over , etc. -RRB- , but is still great as is.-When I have multiple windows open I notice a slight shadow to help me identify which one is active , or on top . Apple continues to impress with their ability to tune into subtle usability features that are so obvious that they have been overlooked . Wonderful -LRB- although I would love a darker shadow , and perhaps a bold frame around the window too -RRB- . - The Apple web site offers a very nice 9-10 minute introduction . Check it out , it 's worth it -LRB- trust me -RRB- . - Cover Flow is AWESOME ! If you are familiar with flipping through album art on the new iPhone or iPods , you 'll recognize the power of this feature right away . For those who 've been on the sidelines , let me catch you up . There 's icon view . There 's list view . There 's also a column view that 's less popular . And there 's now cover flow . Much like iTunes , you can flip through files like albums in a juke box , or turning pages in a picture book . The Mac lets you see the first page , so you do n't get just a dumb icon , or even a tiny picture , you get a nice big image . It 's nothing short of amazing . Cover flow does more -LRB- like you can play a video in cover flow without exiting the program or launching a player , fast and convenient -RRB- , but again , this is a simpler version for the rest of us.-A further extension of file management is Quick Look . You can sort of open files without launching a program . It 's designed to be a time-saver for the person with a lot of files.-Spaces . OK , this might be a little hard to describe . Essentially , are you someone who like to have 10 programs running at one time ? If so , Spaces is ideal for you . You can open say a few photos in one space , a publishing program and Photoshop in another . You can toggle back and forth between the spaces and the effect is a less cluttered environment . It 's neat.-Mail . THere 's many new things here , most small . However , for those setting up a mail account for the first time , say on Yahoo or `` another popular website '' , you enter your email address , password , and click OK . Leopard finds it and sets it up . This blows me away . Forever are gone are the days of entering POP and SMTP data , which I guess was n't terribly bad , but again , this is 2007 . Computers are supposed to be more intuitve , not less right ? Mac delivers yet again.-I did n't mention the Notes and To Do features in Mail , which are excellent adds . Example of what these are
 Each new major release of an operating system -LRB- OS -RRB- has to make a splash . We all expect to be wowed . We expect and demand that we are shown new whiz-bang features and enhancements . For example , Microsoft 's Vista has lots of whiz-bang features when compared to the steady and stalwart Windows XP . But since Vista 's debut , the afterglow has faded . ANd now , the ` whiz ' is the sound of people flocking back to XP and the ` bang ' is the sound of people 's heads hitting their keyboards from the frustration of wrestling with their computer 's operating system.Enter Mac OS 10 . X :10.1 - not a great debut . 10.2 was admittedly undercooked . 10.3 was getting there . And 10.4 finally delivered on the promise of the Mac OS in the modern age.So with OS 10.5 - where 's the whiz-bang ? Ah , as they say the devil is in the details . 10.5 wo n't jump up and clamor for your attention out of the box . It 's new features are to be lauded , but the real benefits here are in the easy way that 10.5 builds on the solid foundation of 10.4 and delivers as the best Mac OS to date.I wo n't go into massive detail about each new feature , you can just check out the product info or peruse -LSB- ... -RSB- for the sales pitch . Suffice to say that the additions and enhancements are indeed very cool . And perhaps more importantly worth the cost of the upgrade.Instead of belaboring the fine points of each nook and cranny and application , I am going to touch on how impressed I am with the way that Apple has worked to ensure the continuance of a good thing .10.5 is certainly evolutionary . The departure from Tiger is not drastic . But this is a good thing . Unlike the jolt of moving from XP to Vista - the transition from Tiger to Leopard can be best defined as `` refined '' . At each turn there are subtle enhancements and features that may not trumpet for attention but work to take the `` interference '' out of using a computer . You can expect Leopard to work as advertised . Simple in its promise , but steadfast in its mission
 First , let me list the reasons I 'm happy with my Leopard upgrade :1 . Spotlight is finally fast enough that it 's usable a program launcher ; it 's a huge improvement . It 's still not as usable and powerful as QuickSilver , but for 90 % of what I need , it 's now good enough that I 've turned QS off .2 . TimeMachine is as fast and convenient a backup system as I have ever seen on a personal computer . We have a system like this on our expensive network-attached storage system at work , but Apple has actually has made this accessible to anyone who knows how to plug in an external disk drive .3 . I use my aging 12 '' Powerbook fairly heavily , and with all the applications I typically have going at once -LRB- Safari , NetNewsWire , iCal , Mail , Pages , iTerm , ... -RRB- I was used to seeing the spinning beachball under 10.4 , especially when using Safari and Mail . With Leopard , even if these applications themselves are n't faster , I only rarely see the beachball anymore , and as a result they 're significantly more responsive .4 . Screen sharing between my laptop and our family iMac was possible before , but it 's simple and seemless in Leopard . Before , it was something I 'd set up every now and again when it was especially useful - now it 's always available.There are only a couple of things I actively dislike about Leopard .1 . The colors in the new user interface are darker less colorful , and this often makes things harder to read . The labels of tabs in Safari are particularly hard to read now .2 . The new Dock -LRB- when you put it on the side of the screen -RRB- is also darker and less attractive than the old Dock , and the little glowing dots are less easy to see than the triangles the old Dock had .3 . It 's more awkward to edit event information in iCal , because the side panel , where that information was previously displayed , was replaced by a popup window , that needs to be dismissed and reopened when you move from one event to the next.There 's more to say , but these are the things that most affect my day-to-day use of my Powerbook . All-in-all , it was a great upgrade for me .
 Biggest concern was how all the major applications would react to the new OS X , mainly MS office and CS2 software . They seem to work well , sometimes an unexpected quit here and there but not that frequent . Navigating through files has been streamlined , great for those of us who work on the computer all day . There are so many thoughtful new features with this upgrade , that when you discover each new one , it confirms that upgrading was the right choice .
 I upgraded two machines from 10.4 to 10.5 -LRB- Leopard -RRB- , and bottomline , I am pleased . If you already have 10.4 , its ok to wait a while since 10.4 is good and quite solid , but I took the plunge and have enjoyed the nice enhancements.Most people say do a backup and then a fresh install . That is probably the best approach , but I was innocently hopeful , and went ahead with an upgrade on both machines without backing them up . One machine -LRB- MacBook with Intel -RRB- upgraded with zero problems , and I have not had any problems with it . Very pleased . By the way , immediately after the install , there was a system update -LRB- 10.5.1 -RRB- that I immediately did which addressed some known some bugs . The second machine -LRB- iMac with PowerPC -RRB- installed but froze on the reboot . Thank goodness I had a second Mac to look up the problem/solution and a Firewire cable to hook up the two , remove the application enhancer file remotely , and reboot . That fixed it , and I have had only one problem in the last three weeks -LRB- a freeze -RRB- . It 's the little things that make Leopard a joy . I do n't mind the reflective dock , and it nicely shows what is running . The Finder windows are improved with the sidebar . Quick Look is excellent and quite productive . The Spotlight search is excellent . iChat with the screen sharing is FANTASTIC -- it paid for itself in one use , it is so easy to use , two of us edited a document together and I gave a tutorial remotely on how to use pivot tables in Excel . I 've always enjoyed the Dictionary , and it is improved with Wikipedia results . It is all these little things here and there that make it an excellent OS/application/feature set ... whatever it is .
 OK so I was out in front of the Apple Store waiting on the release of Leopard . There were lots of geeks and very few lawyers . But speaking as a lawyer , which in this case means non-geek consumer , the wait was definitely worth it . so worth it in fact that I returned Sunday to buy a Mac Mini for my assistant and tell her we were through with all the office PCs . And three days into the new world she 's very enthusiastic.But what is about Leopard that makes me giddy ? First its the refinement of overall functionality . That seems almost impossible , but its really true ... my Mac is more intuitive , more flexible , and in a business environment this all enables me to be more productive . It also enables my secretary to be more productive.So here are my thoughts on the big changes : Spaces-The idea is radicalkeep what you use together and close at hand . I use different programs at work , at home , and on the road.Why not declutter the desktop quickly and get right to the programs you need?Time Machine
 I bought the family pack and installed Leopard on my iMac PPC & intel MacBook . Both installations work flawlessly . I have had no problems , I upgraded to 10.5.1 through Apple software update and that fixed original problems . I highly recommend it and after all this time it still blows me away .
 It worked flawlessly in 3 of my computers . It did not work on the 4th which was a 2003 Mac G4 . Its speed was below the minimum speed required for Leopard . I knew about this before purchasing , so no problem for me . However , this information was not on the box .
 I bought OS X Leopard the day it was released , and I can safely say it is by far the best operating system from Apple to date , and really puts Windows Vista to shame.Best features : - Quick Look - Time Machine - StacksI love the quick look feature b/c I no longer have to open document after document to see what is in them , same goes for pictures and videos . Just select a file and press space bar , and it pops up so quickly and easily , that it has shaved time off my searching for files.Stacks are also awesome , especially b/c I am constantly saving attachments from emails , and I used to clutter up my desktop with them all . Now , with stacks , I no longer have this worry , and my desktop always stays clean.With regards to installation , it took me about 1 hour , and went super smooth . This being my first MAC OS upgrade , I was shocked to see there were no error messages after my upgrade -LRB- unlike with Windows -RRB- , and that all my programs and accessories still worked after the upgrade.Also , the operating system runs with no slow down , or lag at all . I would say , in some instances , if actually runs faster than OS X 10.4 . With regards to the type of machine I am running on : - Macbook Intel Core Duo - 2 GB of RAM - 80 GB Hardrive
 I installed without a problem on my 2.8 GHz iMac and my 2.16 GHz MacBook Pro . Unfortunately , the MBP likes to lock up at a blue screen now whenever it recovers from Sleep Mode . Other than that , all of my software still works and both computers feel more responsive.The improvement in Finder is nice , but it still needs more polishing . Why ca n't all of my network drives auto attach at boot ? I do n't use Time Machine , since I would rather do a complete copy via Super Duper . Really , Time Machine is handy mainly for people that are prone to making little mistakes , like forgetting where they stored a file or accidentally deleting the file.Read the many professional reviews out there form ore information , but I feel this upgrade is worth the cost .
 Mac os X 10.5 I think overall is amazing . One of things I like most about Leopard is being able to browse my files in cover flow . I also liked the stacks .
 I received my Leopard two days after its release and had absolutely no trouble upgrading my 17 '' MacBook Pro . So far everything works as advertised and I really like Time Machine . However I do have one small gripe ; nowhere do I find any reference that Stack fans and the three dimensional aspect of the Dock only works when the Dock is placed on the bottom of the screen . With my wide screen , the best location for the Dock is on the side , not the bottom . Overall a nice upgrade .
 Upgraded a 17 '' Intel Core Duo 2 today . First install ended with the Blue screen . -LRB- Very similar to the Blue Screen of Death in Windows ... I 'm sure Apple did n't plan on that . -RRB- Luckily there is help on Apple 's site . If this is your only machine , I 'd suggest you go to support BEFORE you upgrade , so you can see some of the problems & solutions . I first tried the Terminal fix but that did not work . So I ended up doing a reinstall with the Archive & Install method as recommended . So far so good.Nice look . . no problem seeing stuff as others have mentioned . Time will tell how I like it .
 it extends play almost endlessly and it gives you many new features for work and industry files .
 I love OSX Leopard . It arrived within the delivery time and I have been more productive using it .
 If you 're lookin ' for a serious upgrade to your Mac OS X 10.4 , this one 's not half bad .
 Leopard is an outstanding new Mac OS.I do , however , recommend the archive & install option vs. the upgrade install .
 I 'm a Mac fanatic and expected a lot from the upgrade to Leopard . I own a Macbook 13 '' 2GHz Intel Core Duo 2 and an iMac 20 '' 2GHz Intel Core Duo . Both were running Tiger before this upgrade.So far I 've only upgrade the Macbook . The upgrade took a while , so brace yourself for that . I 'd say about 2 hours from start to finish , but except for a couple prompts at the beginning it was fully automated , so I was able to do something else while it progressed.All done now , but I do notice that the fonts in the new menu bar atop my screen look `` damaged . '' Where they had been smoothed before , they 're now rough and jaggy . I searched google for `` leopard font issues '' and found reference to quite a few other people having the same issues , but I have n't found a fix yet.It 's a minor annoyance , but still
 LIke normal the installation was very simple and easy to do ; The new features are great and worth the money , but as usual there are some minor problems with 3rd party software . The repair permissions
 There are too many features to list . Of course the time machine is great but I also like the ability to search files of documents in cover flow where you can actually see and read the document to quickly fine the one you want . Also , the quick look feature in mail is great to read attachments without waiting for the application to load . All in all I dread going to work each weekday to have to suffer through Windows on my PC .
 After installing Leopard , I had to run UPDATE to fix a compatibility issue with iMovie , but otherwise everything installed and worked perfectly the first time . Time Machine alone is worth the price of the upgrade ... and `` Spaces '' utterly rocks.I have 3 iMacs , 3 Mac Minis , a MacBook and 1 Windows PC in our house , and that one Windows PC gives me more trouble in a week than all 7 Macs do in a year .
 There 's no one single feature of this upgrade that jumped out and made me buy it . Instead , a bunch of small upgrades to almost every area of the operating system combine to make a whole that truly is more than the sum of its parts .
 I have not had one problem with Leopard . I think it works even faster than Tiger . Spaces is a great tool to help clean up my working space . The new Finder is really helpful since I can view my documents without opening them . I love it !
 Leopard -LRB- Apple Mac OS X Version 10.5 Leopard -LSB- 5-User Family Pack -RSB- -RRB- is a Wonderful and an awesome update for your Mac . We got the family pack to use on two MacBook Pros , an iBook and two MacBooks . The operating system is just as cool and full of new features as advertised and works great on all the machines . However , my one complaint is that the Family pack comes with only ONE DVD ! Come on Apple ! What is the point of paying for 5 licenses and getting only one disc ? I usually carry a system disk whenever I am out on the road in case of emergencies so one disc is four too few for the price . Sure , I could make a backup copy but that is not the same . Still , it is a fantastic upgrade and well worth it .
 Terrific update to already fine product . Why would anyone want a windows based computer ?
 I rushed to get the ungrade just so I did n't have to deal with all the Ruby on Rails installation work , and I have to say I 've been pretty impressed with some of the speed of my applications , not to mention the updates to the internal applications . My favorite is Spaces , I was using a third party solution , but Spaces is so much better . It 's a great environment for me to work and develop my applications . I do suggest that you get this update .
 I have a 1 GHz Powerbook G4 1.25 GB RAM and a 1.25 GHz eMac 1 GB RAM . 10.5 runs beautifully on both . Now that 10.5.1 is out , I can give it five stars . Make sure you install all the upgrades .
 Instead of offering an encyclopedic view of the new OS , maybe it might be more useful give the good points , and so on . . - Spaces is an awesome concept , and works well . Much depends -LRB- as with using widgets -RRB- on making them a habit . If you make yourself aware of open windows , especially with the ones that take up a lot of space , Space can be very useful . So far , I use Spotlight functions more liberally , for obvious reasons . - The Dock is more organized , and considerably easier to work with . Before I avoided it ; now , its design is more useful and tightly managed . - Time Machine is a great concept , but in some cases it depends on what you use your computer for . If you 're trying to manage a plethora of smaller documents , Time Machine can offer immense utility - especially given that deleted documents might otherwise be gone forever . A backup drive of around 500 gigs should do the trick for most users . - The update of DVD Player is spectacular . Video has notably greater quality , with a fuller image . If you use DVD Player even modestly , you 'll be delighted . - Users of lower-performance Macs - even eMacs - are advised to stay away from this upgrade . Installation and usage can be a struggle , so Tiger will be your best bet in these situations . - Disk Utility used to be the bedrock of stability . An update made it better , but most users will probably find updating permissions easier with reliable freeware like Onyx . - Beware if you use Quicktime Player Pro - you 'll need to upgrade the license to use Leopard . This adds a nominal $ 29.00 onto your total price - presuming you use QT Pro 's capabilities - which are pretty much what was there before.In short , there are several appealing features in the new upgrade . But to take advantage of them , you may up spending $ 150 more . Personally , I 'm able to do without them ... for the time being .
 Mac OS products are awesome , absolutely love this operating system . User friendly and definitely worth the price , I am pleased with the purchase .
 10.5.6 is on two of four of our Imacs . Overall , I am impressive with this application .
 Item arrived before the money came out of my account , item was new and as promised ...
 Great product as expected from Apple . Installation was very easy.Great price as expected from Amazon .
 An absolutely killer deal - saved me more than 50 % of what I 'd pay for it at the Apple Store . thank you !
 Amazon gives the best price , everyone else has wrote the greatness of the Leopard OS , I found that I do n't use most of the new features . I installed on a older G5 Mac and noticed that I needed to take the Ram up to 2 gigs to run software properly . It took about 2 hours to install , DSL speed was running at 900kbps . I recommend .
 Okay , many people rave about 10.5.6 because of the `` time machine '' feature . I do n't use it . I back up my critical files onto a USB jump drive -LRB- lol -RRB- . What 10.5.6 is good for , in my opinion , is that it connects much easier to a wireless or ethernet -LRB- PPOE -RRB- internet service . Probably the first time Mac got it 's internet connectivity right.I use most of the MAC free programs and I do notice a slight differences from previous versions . As much as these improvements are probably helpful , if your used to previous versions you 'll probably find these improvements -LRB- and changes to the way you use the software -RRB- as initially annoying until you get used to them.I will say , however , that at $ 129 for the full version , and $ 199 for the 5-user family pack , this operating system is a screaming good deal . Probably the best operating system out there by far for a reasonable price.Now if they only sold a MAC OS X version that ran on a PC , then Dell could sell you cheap hardware with an option of either Windows or MAC operating system . I 'd be choosing MAC every time.I 'm also a Ubuntu fan , if your into `` no frills '' open source , free operating systems . But for my main cruising machine , give me Mac OS X , version 10.5.6 . Ca n't wait until they come out with the next version -LRB- Snow Leopard ?? -RRB- . I 'm sure the upgrade will be annoying for those who are used to 10.5.6 , but overall it will be an improvement to a steadily improving masterpiece .
 I was completely satisfied with Mac OSX Tiger since it came with my computer . However , the new features of Leopard finally attracted my attention and I bought the family pack so my family could enjoy them too . It has worked great so far and I am still enjoying the new features weeks afterward . Once again , Apple has created a great operating system , lets see Microsoft try and catch up in another five years !
 Stable . Easy to use . Love the new Spaces . Built-in Mail application could have some additional functionality . Otherwise a joy to use .
 Leopard is another great Apple OS upgrade . Buy an external hard drive and take advantage of Time Machine 's automatic back up 's . It will save you a lot of frustration when a file gets deleted that should n't have . It 's super easy to `` go back in time '' and retrieve another copy . Also , if you 're like many Mac owners , you have more than one mac . Buy the family license -LRB- can use on up to 5 macs -RRB- - it 's a bargain for only $ 20 more . One word of caution - choose the `` archive and install '' option rather than the `` upgrade '' option when upgrading from Tiger . Things will go very smoothly for you then .
 Very easy to upgrade all of the Macs in our home . Obviously we are Apple happy !!!
 I like the eye candy a lot in that it does look a lot nicer than tiger ; however , Leopard would be nicer if apple would have utilized open source by utilizing Beryl , a linux 3d desktop project , within mac osx -- would have to port it over from x windows over to OSX , but it would be a beautiful thing.The operating system is organized well , I just wish it would boot as fast , if not faster , than tiger .
 This is an amazing upgrade on my Intel Macs ! I wo n't cover all the details as it 's on Apple 's website . My only complaint is that the sidebar text and icons are too small . Hopefully Apple will fix this . Remember this is 10.5.0 , as soon as we have 10.5.1 or 10.5.2 , I 'm sure it will be great.People who are complaining about the new features on an older Mac should stay with Tiger if you do n't have the horsepower . There were many articles prior to release describing the memory and video requirements of the new features . My Intel iMac is faster under 10.5 then it was under Tiger -LRB- 10.4 -RRB- NOT slower!If you do n't like the menu then open an Apple desktop pattern and add a gray , white or black bar at the top . The new desktop pictures have a built in guide when you open them in Photoshop . I added a gray bar and voila , no more translucent menu . It is a quick and easy fix , so do it and stop complaining !
 Installing Leopard -LRB- What to expect for first time Leopard users -RRB-
 I 've been struggling with getting my new business off the ground , and then a friend recommended this software . I am not a business person and have no head for financials , but this software made me feel confident that what I was producing was a complete and professional plan . I have n't received the official word about my loan , but the officer who I met with was extremely impressed . I was too !
 I have never written a business plan before and Business Plan Pro made it so easy . I was really impressed with the thoroughness of the plan wizard and how easy it was to do the financials . I would recommend this software to anyone who wants to write a professional , complete business plan for their own start up idea !
 Business plan pro indeed!I started my business in 2002 and needed a business plan . I did n't know where to start . The bank said that an accountant needed to review the figures and projections.Geez ! I am in a service business and whereas an accountant may know the numbers , they did n't know the business . My accountant said that I should write the plan and let him go over it . Yeah . . right ! SO I searched the Internet and came across this software . Gosh , just $ 99.00 bucks to secure my future obtain a business loan and get started . Seemed a fair deal , so I ordered the software and some books as well on writing a business plan.The books said it might take a couple of months to write a proper plan to present to investors and convince them . The software said it would produce a winning plan . Ok , time to get started . Ahh . . They had sample business plans that one could look at . Nice!Well , I followed the instructions and got started . It took a couple of weeks of editing but at the end there it was . Nicely generated plan , indexed , pages numbered nicely double-spaced . A truly professional and legal looking plan which I proudly presented to my accountant . He said , this is a lot , it is even more that they need and you will have no problems with the bank . Needless to say I wanted to believe him.Then the day came and I presented my plan to three separate banks and waited ... and waited ... and waited ... Then the first bank called , apologetic . My plan was so comprehensive it took them more time than usual to go through but . . it was approved ! They would offer 50 % financing . Then the second bank called . . Approved ! They would offer 90 % financing . The third bank called . . needed more time , they had NEVER seen such a comprehensive and well written business plan . . needed another week to fully digest it . Then they called about two weeks later . They wanted my accountant and I to meet with the Manager . They wanted a few things explained.This did not look good!There were a few figures they could not understand how they were generated . My accountant explained that the numbers were generated in a computer program , Business Plan Pro and he had gone over it and it was using a different recording method to what they were accustomed . -LSB- It was all accountant talk that I have summarized -RSB- . All smiles ! APPROVED ! 100 % financing.Needless to say , you know which bank I went with in the end!Thanks business plan pro . I can truly say that this software was worth every penny and I heartily endorse it !
 I had no time left to write a business plan and little experience putting one together . On a suggestion from a friend I ordered the Business Plan Pro software and started it up . Imagine my relief when the software literally walked me through the entire process !! I put together a basic plan , and wrote it over the span of 3 lunch hours . Easy to understand process , outstanding resource help , great customer service and a tech service department that did n't make me feel like I was asking stupid questions.I would recommend this product to anyone who needs a helping hand in writing , but does n't have the money to spend on an expensive consultant .
 I have just upgraded to the latest version of Business Plan Pro , and it is excellent ! The interface is more user friendly , there are tons of sample business plans , which I found really saved me time . As a serial entrepreneur , I would not consider starting or running a business without a business plan and Business Plan Pro saves me time and money!For the money , I think it 's the best business planning software you can buy .
 Palo Alto Software has taken a complex function and made it relatively easy , even for a novice , to follow . By using the templates and information in the program , a business person can create a pretty impressive business plan from scratch rather quickly.The only drawback is that is does n't run on all systems , so you have to be aware of what you 're going to use it on before purchase . And , it 's RAM intensive , with a lot of window-painting . Definitely worth the purchase price .
 I needed to write a business plan , but did n't really want to , and did n't know where to start . Business Plan Pro was recommended to me , and was the best investment I 've made in a long time . The software really helped me to understand what a business plan was all about and to get organized and get it done . It was n't as hard as I thought !
 After already being very satisfied with the previous version of Business Plan Pro , I was blown away by how good the 2002 version is . The 200 sample plans are an unbelievable help , as well as all the slick features of the software , and the built in web resources and industry data.I ca n't imagine writing a business plan without it !
 I 've done a lot of business plans with a lot of different software and this is by far the best , easy to use , but powerful enough to give you a real plan , with real cash flow , good enough to get financed . The outline is flexible so you can add or subtract what you want , and the financials are very strong , with also a lot of flexibility . I 've also done a number of them using just Word and Excel , and this is much better because you do n't sacrifice quality of plan at all , just get ease of use and a lot of built-in help .
 I am a small business owner who was not experienced in writing business plans . I bought the last version of Business Plan Pro and was very happy with it - in fact I took the plan that I wrote in Business Plan Pro to the bank and they were so impressed with the quality of my plan and my research that they awarded me the $ 50,000 loan I applied for.I just upgraded to Business Plan Pro 2002 and it did take a little while to get used to . It 's so different to the last version . But I am really impressed with the new layout , and there is tons more industry information in this one . In fact if I had used this new version to write my plan originally , I would have saved hours of time in researching numbers for my plan.I would recommend this software to anyone needing to write a Business Plan - its one of the best investments I have made for my small business .
 I 've used Business Plan Pro several versions now , the key is that whether you 're a pro or not , you have a lot to gain and nothing to lose by using this software . You get important built-in information now with the new version , plus a flexible outline and tons of content information , and complete financials that are solid and well-documented . Beginners can just follow the wizard to complete a plan without losing site of instructions and examples , and if you 're more experienced , the new version has expanded the ability to add Excel-compatible worksheets . And the new manual is a great addition.It is backward compatible , by the way ... this version reads the previous version 's files without problems ... and the previous version read the one before that without problems.If you want to do a business plan , use this , it 's worth the price many times over .
 After spending some time reviewing various software packages for preparing business plans , I settled on this one . I think this is a wonderful piece of software that is far superior to the rest on the market . It 's exceptionally easy to use , and the look of the plan is great.I ca n't claim , as of yet , that I 've used a generated business plan to seek VC funding but I 'm certain that I wo n't be rejected on the merits of the `` look '' of the document . I guess that puts all the weight on my shoulders to write good content . But then again that 's the point is n't it !
 I have just upgraded to the latest version of Business Plan Pro and am very pleased with it . I have been using Business Plan Pro since I started my business last year , and thought I would only use my business plan to get a loan and never look at it again . Instead I have found myself keeping it updated monthly , cos its so easy to jump into the program and make changes to it.The newest version has a new interface that is more user friendly and I the whole program a lot more manageable . My only criticism of the last version is that there was so much on the screen you did n't know where to start.I would recommend any business owner or wannabe business owner to get themselves a copy of this software .
 Business Plan Pro 2002 offered me everything that I was looking for to create a business plan.This dynamic wizard-driven experience has the most extensive library of sample plans that I have ever seen . I selected a plan that best matched my business concept -LRB- and there is a very cool tool to help with that -RRB- and the wizards stepped me through the process . After I put in my sales and expense numbers in , the calculations were done for me complete with all of the expected pro-forma statements . It could not have been any easier and the plan looked incredible -- better than I could have ever done on my own.Business Plan Pro 2002 saved me hours and , at this price , I got my money 's worth and more .
 When I first graduated , a recruiter from a prominent placement firm in my area recommended ResumeMaker . I successfully found a position with the resume I developed using that program . Recently , I found myself seeking a new position and needed to update my resume . The latest and greatest version of ResumeMaker helped me develop an attractive and impressive resume . I was able to customize resume styles to suit various industries , and easily tailor my presentation to specific employers and recruiters . One recruiter confided that she regularly recommends changes to resumes and cover letters , but she suggested no changes to the resume I created with ResumeMaker ! I used the scheduling feature to note when I had submitted a resume , plan follow-up calls , schedule interviews , and be reminded to send thank you letters after interviews.Thanks ResumeMaker for helping me -LRB- again -RRB- to find a great job !
 This is very easy to use software that helps you use strong , descriptive words that will give you an edge when submitting resumes.Plus , there are great video interviewing hints and tips.Also included in a job search engine that hooks into many Internet job banks . You can search through the program and find jobs from 20 or more places by just doing one search.Very nice and pleasant to use this resume maker . Everything worked great without any problem .
 This program helped me turn my resume around 200 percent . It helps you use strong , descriptive words that will give you an edge when submitting resumes in this tough job market.The wizard walks you through answering questions , then you tell it what kind of resume you need . After it is put together , you can scroll through different styles of resumes and watch them change in front of your eyes.Plus , there are great video interviewing hints and tips.Also included in a job search engine that hooks into many Internet job banks . You can search through the program and find jobs from 20 or more places by just doing one search.I love it !!!
 I had a bad experience with another brand -LRB- instant resume -RRB- and was fortunate to stumble upon your software . Talk about night and day in comparison . I had originally planned to purchase the Winway software next but was drawn toward buying your product by the retail packaging . Your software also seemed to be the hot selling product and I noticed Winway 's software had some `` item returned for refund '' stickers on them . After installing your software I was immediately impressed by the nice looking GUI design and how easy and intuitive it was to get started using this program . Also , your software did something the other brands failed to do . It got me noticed and called in for interviews ! I am pleased to say that i found a new job which I will be starting in the next 2 weeks , not to mention a bump up in salary!ResumeMaker is # 1 hands down and I would recommend this software to anyone .
 I purchased ResumeMaker Deluxe 9.0 because I was not satisfied with the Winway software . I felt it was not user friendly nor flexible enough.ResumeMaker 's interactive video was very stimulating , thought provoking and preparatory for an inteview situation . The only improvement I would have appreciated was more examples in different fields of experience .
 This game is pretty good . Except that I had to download a patch to make it run properly . I LOVE being able to dress up my kitty . The kitten does NOT grow as said on the box but that does n't matter . My kitty has all the best toys bed , etc. . I love the mini games . The one with the cat and the mouse is great . I have all the mice . All the foods . And all the water . Anyways buy this game !
 I am a die hard windows user . I have decided that I MUST learn to use Linux . Linux has some features that are very useful to people with home networks.I do not agree with the person that wrote the LONG story about why he did not like this product and all of his install problems . First of all , IF YOU WILL READ THE INSTRUCTIONS BEFORE YOU INSTALL the install will go very well . I installed and had NO PROBLEMS . However , I did take time to read the book .
 I decided to purchase this software as a lazy way to get Linux functionality on my home laptop . I did n't want to hassle with trying to setup all the disks and everything . I installed this software on a Gateway 9100XL laptop -LRB- PII 300 , 128 MB RAM -RRB- . Install went perfect and I now have a dual-booting Windows 98SE/Linux machine.The install did n't require any real intervention on my part -LRB- other than to choose a couple of hardware options -RRB- .
 Linux for windows is a great software package for users who still do n't want to give up the windows OS .
 For that price unbelievable value no question . You will be able to record quickly after installation . Tasty layouts easy to navigate good sounds and loops effects etc. drag and drop ease . Its still very new for me but so far what I have done , incredible . For quick songwriting ideas ideal . Similar to Live Lite . If you need a pro studio though get Pro Tools or Cubase 4 . Sequel is designed for use with Vista so no worrys there . Tracks are only limited by how powerful your System is . Steinberg is a great company , I love Cubase and I have been using them since the 90 's with a -LRB- ready for this -RRB- Commodore Computer ... btw for more info visit youtube and there you will find a 10 min demo of this software . After watching it I have a feeling you will buy it ! 100.00 or less ... I dont think you can go wrong ... . For Musicians and Songwriters or for a hobby , or even young kids a must have .
 I 've really been enjoying using this program . It 's got a nice library of sounds and instruments to use , and once you figure out how to make it all work , it works reasonably well.First , the bad stuff
 I 've always wanted to buy this product but could n't find it anywhere . Then I thought of Amazon.com and there it was . It was a pleasure as always dealing with Amazon . They get it right !
 Overall , this product seems to work pretty well . I 've been able to backup individual files , and restore them at will . I 've made full system backups , but since I have n't had a reason to resore them yet , I 'll have to reserve judgement on that portion.Most of my gripes are over fairly small items . For example , you can schedule your backups to run automatically at the interval of your choosing , but after every backup the disk ejects . So you need to make a habit of reinserting the disk after every backup . Why not give the user the option to eject after backup?The other buggy thing that I 've found is that in their file manager , where you pick which items you want to backup , the sort by name does n't work . You can try to use this sort option , but it 's pretty random.Other than that , it 's a decent package .
 This software has proven to be the most reliable out of all the burning software I have tried , and I have tried most of them . It 's simple and powerful . There are a few drawbacks though . It does n't work 100 % of the time , nor is the user interface the best that it could be . Though , it IS easy to use and has no competitors that are at it 's level .
 I 've had this program . I 'm using Click N Burn Pro now and it is as easy to use , less expensive and has the same features . Save some money and go with Click N Burn .
 One of the core problems with analog and virtual analog synthesizers is how the player should rout signals from sources to destinations . Classic modular synths used patch cables . The EMS Synthi introduced the compact routing matrix . Virtual analog synthesizers like Massive have generally followed one of these two paths.Massive follows the plug metaphor , but adds two enhancements . First , the `` cables '' are dropped in favor of numbered sources . You click on the sources number , then click on the destination . The number shows up under the destination . No messy virtual cables to get in the way of the interface.The next enhancement is that the degree to which a modulation source impacts a parameter is set at the site of the parameter . You get a circular bar graph that shows your setting , so you can tell at a glance which sources impact a given parameter and how much each source contributes .
 This really is an awesome piece of video-editing software . I 've tried Pinnacle 's Studio 7.0 and Premiere 6.0 , and Vegas Video beats both hands-down . The most impressive feature is its real-time software-based preview . You do n't need those expensive real-time hardware cards , plus Vegas Video is extremely stable . You will find yourself forgetting to save your work because it 's been so long since your last system crash . But you do n't have to take my word for it . Try the free downloadable trial version at ... A recent review -LRB- ca n't find the URL -RRB- compared it to Final Cut Pro and gave it a rating of 5 out of 5 .
 Well who does n't like watching brave firemen battle blazes and put their lives on the line to save our citizens?What a thill it was for me to play this CD in my computer and see brave men in uniform run into the flames and beat back the dangourous fire?It was a great feeling to see them put out the fires and I love the photos of the men back at the station house.The photos in general are in amazingly good condition .
 ... there is fire.There is certainly a lot of fire on this CD collection of photgraphs from the turn of the century . It 's easy to scroll through the different images and they print out well on my printer.I know that it 's very hard for photographers to really `` catch flames '' in their shots and I have to say that they photographs they used on this CD do catch the flames very , very well.I like the black and white and vintage feel of the photos and the historical details that place them in context for me .
 We love Student Writing Center at our house.It 's easy for children to use and grown ups who are n't as comfortable with other word processing products . I often wonder why THE LEARNING CENTER -LRB- if they 're still around -RRB- do n't offer support and new editions . This word processing software is worth having.It 's simple to use and offers wonderful options for REPORTS , NEWSLETTERS , PERSONAL LETTERS , SIGNS , and even has a password protected PERSONAL JOURNAL.Saving your work is easy and actually automatic -LRB- you can change the saving intervals from every 5 minutes to longer - and make it automatic or on approval -RRB- . I 've homeschooled for years and I 've NEVER seen anything that touches STUDENT WRITING CENTER . What it does -- it does well.I recommend having a CD to re-install , if necessary . And save your TLC files on a USB Travel Drive or Memory Stick if you do n't want to lose them . -LRB- You know how computers crash and burn sometimes . -RRB-
 This is a GREAT package , it uses the world famous Kaspersky Antivirus Engine , in addition to a second engine that is the Microsoft RAV engine.DOUBLE protection from every threat out there . Great interface , great package . . Its $ 40 from the software company direct , so its a steal here !
 My projects are only simple
 Ulead Videostudio 7 is an amazing product . It 's one of the most powerful , easy-to-use video editing software that I ever came across . The interface does take a little to get used to , but once you are fluid in navigating around the various functions , editing becomes an absolute blast!I had no problems importing footage from my DV mini-camera -LRB- which the software came with ! -RRB- as well as my DV camcorder . Under a firewire connection , I was able to record straight to the software with the nimblest of ease!Rendering , while it can be time-consuming , is equipped with a whole bunch of functions and settings to yield the kind of video file you want . You can also make a DVD or VCD . Since I do n't have a DVD burner yet , I ca n't say if DVD creation is a seamless process , but it is VERY easy to make a VCD and a whole lot of fun too!Yes , it does have some flaws . It can crash at times when you least expect it so be sure to save your work often and upgrade to the latest patches . The transitional effects with text could also use some streamlining as you can have titles fade in and fade out but not crossfade.Aside from these small quirks , videostudio is phenomenal . I 've been using it for a few years and it 's met all my video editing needs . Now I 'm really curious as to how the later versions of this software perform . Perhaps I should upgrade ?
 This product , while slightly expensive , is one of the better options out there . I have used ArcSoft Showbiz , Windows Movie Maker , and MGI Videowave . This software is quite comparable with them.While you 'll need a big hard drive to store all those movies -LRB- 4 minutes = 875 mb or more -RRB- , it is quite easy to use . No frames are dropped -LCB- I use a Canon camcorder and Firewire -LRB- IEEE1394 -RRB- -RCB- . I have not yet explored the VCD end of the software , but I suppose it works well . Adding audio is a snap , and there really is n't much you ca n't do with this.One thing , however
 When it comes to user friendly video editing software these folks have done it well . This version especially is exceptional and fits any and all video editing needs .
 I am back to Ulead Vis . Studio after having tried Pinnacle version 8I got Ulead VS Version 5 free with a Firewire board and was getting tired of its limitations so when Pinnacle version 8 came out with great reviews I bought it and was disappointed . So I bought Ulead VisualStudio version 7 . Pinnacle 8 would n't read some of my AVI or MPEG files -LRB- Windows Media Player , Realplayer , and Quicktime would -RRB- but would read others . I guess you have to load it with Pinnacle for it to read the AVIs and MPEGs.Video editing takes a lot of CPU power with either editor and my new AMD Athlon 2400 is about adequate - any less and I would n't try it . With VS version 7 I was able to make some VCDs -LRB- 320x240 resolution -RRB- , Super VCDs -LRB- 640x480 resolution -RRB- , and WMVs -LRB- higher compression than MPEG -RRB- , and played them on my DVD player and emailed them to friends with good results.For example , in the Pinnacle product , you have a single brightness control but in VS 7 you have to apply a filter with confusing controls - the default is to start bright and end the clip on the brightest setting . Most of the time , you want the whole clip brighter but when you fool around with the controls you realize the VS filter allows you to set the brightness at any setting at any point in the clip so it can start at one setting , smoothly go to a higher setting 3 seconds into the clip and then smoothly back to a lower setting . There seem to be no real limits on the number of different points you can set in a clip . This works with all the transition settings of which there are a fair few.The many transitions available between clips are also quite nice , and reasonably flexible , though I think crossfade is the simplest and best - otherwise you distract the viewer with special effects instead of the video you are trying to show.When you load from your camcorder the software will automatically split it into scenes and load a transition -LRB- your choice or randomly selected -RRB- . This is very handy.Some differences make you feel you need both software to get the best results . For slow or speeded up motion , Ulead lets you choose any % - age increase or decrease while Pinnacle limits you to specific settings , but Pinnacle allows you to opt for not smoothly interpolatig frames whch gives you a very nice effect for some sports actions.There are some other improvements I can think of but if you fool around with this you will find you can do most things pretty easily . Each filter degrades the video quality so you need to be careful with what you do.VS does some things very well , but in other cases the techniques take some getting used to . I ca n't afford to buy every video movie maker but Pinnacle 8 got the best reveiws in the magazines and I think Ulead VS 7 is better - for under $ 500 software .
 I have been using Ulead Video Studio 6 for over a year for editing my videos and preparing them for burning to DVD , and it has given me 95 % satisfaction , so I recently upgraded to 7 . For video editing software under $ 100 , I do n't think you can beat UVS7 . I agree that it does take some getting used to , but if you 're not in a rush to do a perfect production the day you get it , and allow yourself some tinkering time , you 'll see that it works and works well.Mine has never dropped a frame during capture , which itself is worth a lot . The edit `` flow '' is natural and very flexible -- but , again , I agree that it takes some getting used to . And the quality of the final video or disk is very nice , which is what it 's all about.Personally , I think it could use more choices for title animations , which , right now , is the only negative thing I can say about it.If you get the download version , be sure to go back and get the 7.01 patch and the `` extra content , '' which is many more effects and filters . You 'll be cheating yourself if you do n't . Again , I do n't think a home digital video buff can find better software for this price .
 I must admit this was a bit intimidating at first the screen that comes up is just not your average MS window so it threw me off . However once I played around a bit setting up project -LRB- about 5 or six -RRB- this is pretty easy . I like that you can rip and splice sound files visually . I do n't like the preview window . It is unnecessarilly huge and plays movie clips when saving which keeps me from playing Freecell while I wait . I do n't think this was meant for large professional projects but it 's great for a home user and beginners who are willing to take the 30 minutes to fool with the controls or read the online manual . I 'm sorry any one who says this is hard to use just did n't try or was expecting way to much from a product aimed for the home user . PS I have n't had a single error using this .
 I started with Roxio software that came with my TDK DVD burner . It worked fine , but it did n't seem to have the flexibility I wanted for high quality in and output . So I picked up VideoStudo 7 -LSB- ... -RSB- . I might add that you can download a fully funcional trial version if you like . I did , and it worked fine . I used it while waiting for my -LSB- ... -RSB- order to arrive . Of course , it 's large , so only do it if you have high speed DSL.I have had no difficulty with it . I had the fairly humble goal of transfering my family movies from tape before they deteriorated . I 've archived two family movies already , transfering them through our Sony Digital8 TRV120 camera . The first DVD I did was originally filmed on the digital camera , and the quality was excellent . I ran everything at maximum quality , minimum compression . On the second , I copied an older tape originally filmed on an analog Sony 8 mm camera . The quality again was good -- no loss from the tape itself , I do n't think . Imagine the relief of getting those memories preserved -- now copied multiple times and archived in safe places.As you can tell , I am no expert on these things . I figure if you have good hardware and are reasonably smart , the rest should be easy . It was . The software is fairly intuitive . I only checked the manual a couple of times for reference . If your system is powerful enough and you have the patience to play with it , you should be fine . It hung up on me once or twice , but only when I tried to ask it to do something stupid in the middle of another function . I ca n't say it has ever acted weird on me when I have not acted weird on it.I 'm using a Dell 600 notebook with 1 Gig of RAM and a 1.4 Pentium processor . I have 40 Gig of space on my D drive , but I also got an extra 80 Gig external drive . I think you 'll find ample hard drive space and plenty of RAM to both be important . I really would n't want to play with this at the minimum specs the software claims .
 I have tried adobe premiere but its to complicated and the price its expensive . When I tried the Video studio 7 , its so impress me . Easy to used event for the beginner . Its lot of feature also although it is the few additional video clips but you will satisfy to used that . You can make dubbing your vice or music with this video , edit your screenplay , add the text with 3D motion , add special effect and lot of feature with the simple click . When you finish your editing you just click share button and you have able to save your project to DVD , VCD or event in your miniDV format . It 's wonderful for the beginner event for professional 's video editor.To have the fastest editing process ypu need Pentium IV / 2.4 Ghz , 512 Mb memory , 128 Mb Video card memory , at least 40 Gb Hard disk and I ' Link Card to connect your camcorder to your PC.You will enjoy your family video with this software
 I spent less than 5 hours to learn how to use this product , and afterward I understand the basics and start to edit my first DVD home movie with music background and everything runs smoothly.The user interface is intuitive . Even after 5 hours of studying , I am able to understand the flow . The PDF manual is quite good , if I have problems I can easily find out from this manual.You can import media and edit it , once you start your project , the software automatically goes to the capture mode , so if you have a firewire hooks up to a Sony/Cannon camorder , you will have total control of this camorder , and start downloading . One word of caution downloading takes a lot of CPU power . This step is very easy , and the software does it all for you.The output audio is very good , and put Rock , folk , easy listening , New age music and they all sound good.On a larger project , it may get slow , in my case I have a AMD 2200 system , 1 GB of Ram , and 200 GB of hard drive , so for me is a little slow while doing editing and previewing , but it still does it job well . So I think if I update my machine to more than 3 ghz , I think I 'll be fine.I had one crash , and it probably runs out of virtual memory ; all I did was just to reboot my system and I am fine . But one thing to remind is to save you file frequently.The feature sets are very rich for regular home users . I have no complaint for a product that is less than $ 89 , for my case I got it with my capture card.Overall , the money for this product is wll spent , and I am very happy with it . Since I have no problems with it , I never call the tech support , so I have no comments on this.BTW , you do n't need to be a rocket scientist to understand this product , this is a real good deal for home movie editing .
 Great price and easy to use . It comes with a tutorial disc that teaches you visually how to use this product . So anyone who says they are `` baffled '' must not have used this disc . Bottom line , its an easy product to use . It 's not going to give you something that resembles what you see on TV , with all the great special effects you might see in a commercial , movie , or TV program , but for what its designed to do - create home DVD 's - this product works great . I created a 45 DVD on my nephew 's first 5 years of life , added music , such as the theme to `` Superman '' and `` Ghostbusters '' -LRB- when showing clips from Halloweens of the past -RRB- , along with graphics , and worth while transition effects . My family loved it . If you are looking for software to enhance your home movies , one word of warning however - you need to ensure you have a computer capable of handling this or any of these types of product . I have a very compatible computer -LRB- 3.2 ghz , 200 gig , 512 mb ram , etc. -RRB- so I have no problem using this product . Lets put it this way , you computer might be in need of some costly upgrades if its older than 3 years and you want to use this product.Bottom line , I really like this product a lot and its very easy to use .
 I agree with other reviews here that this is about the best under $ 100 package for editing video . I 've had my quibbles in the past with Ulead over their customer support , and I ca n't say if that 's better now . It 's been years since I called them -LRB- I stopped buying their software , essentially -RRB- . But this software runs without freezing my PC , it works well , and it 's got most of the bells and whistles.The only thing I 'll warn you about is that this is definitely not an intuitive process -LRB- editing video , that is -RRB- . Or maybe it 's just me . However , you really need to get in there and start fooling around with this software to see what it can and ca n't do . With a single video track , you 're going to have to leanr how to use their overlay track if you want to make your videos look professional . It 's a steep learning curve for the novice , but once you play with this for a while , the curve with flatten out considerable ... A quick tip I found helpful -- the voice and music tracks will both work for MP3 's , so you can use both tracks and cross fade your music for those long nature videos you like to make.All in all , I 'd recommend this software , although I 'd also recommend you pick up a book or two on video editing ...
 If I 'd bought this while I was still in school I could have used it to write a kick butt research paper.This was sort of a whim purchase because I 'd never heard of Stoddard but the description on the site seemed interesting so I figured what the heck.It was a good decision on my part . The basic gist of the disk is that Stoddard travelled around the world and then wrote about what he saw.What that means is that you get some great first hand descirptions of the globe before it became easy to fly everywhere and of a time before there were tourist shops.I liked reading about the other cultures .
 Reading Stoddard you realize how far we have come over the past 100 or so years in our understanding of the world . Today you can go out and buy a Let 's Go and find out everything you want to know about any place on Earth . Back then , this was n't the case and people really did n't know what to expect . Stoddard was one of the first guys to venture out into the world and then return to write about it and share his stories . The chapters make you realize just how exotic the world was before chain restauratns popped up everywhere and just how hard it was to get anywhere before airplanes .
 This is a fabulous way to make geography interesting . As a homeschooling Mom I recommend this as a great family way to learn the world . Forget gluing coffee beans to Brazil 's map . -LRB- All I remember from my old geography classes . -RRB- THIS is the way to get kids to know that Japan is not in China and Sweden and Switzerland are n't even close .
 Adobe Photoshop 7.0 was a significant leap over 6.0 . One great new tool is the Liquify filter , which lets you directly manipulate images . Obviously , Photoshop is the De Facto standard for image editing , and likely always will be . Since this is the last version that works with OS 9 anyways , it 's not like I could use CS -LRB- though I 've tried CS , and do n't particularly like it -RRB- . Version 7.0.1 is very often faster than Photoshop CS is , so it 's a good thing to have for very large files.Invaluable ... nothing beats it . Nothing .
 I never had access to many Adobe products , with exception for Pagemaker , because of the high price . But at my high school we have what we they called an Academy of Graphic Arts and Design . There , with the financial help of a well known college , the academy was given a full copy of Adobe Photoshop 7.0 ! I really enjoyed learning how to use Adobe Photoshop 7.0 . I 'm not one to read manuals or help menus and just like to play around . Learning how to use everything is fairly easy.One feature I LOVED is what is called `` layers '' . You can have a photo in the background and then open other files and drag and drop onto the first picture . Then you can choose to erase part of the pictures you placed on top . But not everything is erased ... each layer underneath the one you are erasing is still visible ! There are various erasers -LRB- shape-wise -RRB- too , so it can look blended or have neat edges.I also liked the variety of `` filters '' . These filters help change the picture . You can add texture to the picture , distort it , add light to a certain area , make the picture look like it on a stamp -LRB- as in rubber stamp -RRB- ... the list goes on.The one bad thing about this is you ca n't do `` Undo except for the change you just did -LRB- meaning if you made a mistake and decided to try something to `` cover it up '' , if you did n't like the outcome of the `` fix '' you ca n't go back and change the mistake -RRB- EXCEPT if you are layering , you go to the box where it shows each layer and go to the history where you can delete -LRB- or `` undo '' -RRB- up until the mistake you had made is gone.My point is , this program is Top Class . The best I have used -LRB- and I have tried a few -RRB- Although I 'd like to try the Windows version , for those who have a Mac -LRB- this is the version I used and have experience with -RRB- GET THIS if you love photoediting . The possiblities are endless.Now if only I could save up enough money ...
 Photoshop 7.0 is incredible . The new paint enhancement are mindblowing . Everyone should learn how to use this program . I have been able to do so many things , Edit and enhance my own artwork and comics , make custom t-shirts , make beutiful portaits and photo collages , just let my artistic mind run wild . This program has opened a world of opportunity , and it should for you to . BUY IT , worth every penny .
 Adobe did it again . Not only did they make a product that runs great in OS X but they inhanced it and made it better with new features like the heal tool . If you have been waiting to upgrade to OS X because of Photoshop order both right now .
 Let me be the first to say , I love Photoshop . Got this version to run on an old flowerpot iMac G4 , as it was the version I knew and loved first.BUT , there is a nasty secret about this version they do n't tell you ... it only runs on the Tiger version of OS X -LRB- a.k.a. 10.4 . x -RRB- and below . Leopard -LRB- 10.5.x . -RRB- and above will NOT run this program . You will be able to install Photoshop but will get an `` unexpected and unrecoverable error '' that prevents the program from starting.I submitted a note to Amazon letting them know this , since the product page lists it as compatible with OS X , but in the meantime , check your OS version before ordering this.UPDATE
 I have used PS 7 for about 2 years . I just got a new computer and it has WIndows 7 . My last computer was Vista and my PS 7 worked fine on that , but it wont work on Windows 7 . I dont know what to do now . I really want PS 7 to work on my new computer . I tried PS CS .5 and I cant understand it . I keep getting an error with PS 7 when I open it . I get an error what says the scratch disk is full . But it cant be . It is a new computer with 1.5 TB of hard drive space and a quad core processor and 8 Gigs of Ram.Is there a way to make it work on my new computer ? -LRB- PS 7 on Windows & -RRB- ?
 Photoshop is a really good piece of software . Only thing is - do n't expect anything like reason from Adobe . EG - If you have a disk crash and must reinstall Photoshop you can not install 7 upgrade -LRB- just supplying disk from previous version as proof of ownership -RRB- . First you must completely install older version , THEN install upgrade on top . Lots more time and effort because ? - because it 's the way Adobe wants it . Fortunately ther 's plenty of free support around the net - all kinds of resources - tutorials , brushes , actions , fills , etc. .
 For the past 3 years , I have been using Adobe Photoshop 2 - which I must say , gave me a lot of satisfaction . Very simple to use , of course , but also provides the user with rapid results . The essential functions are there and if you use them properly many aspects of writing a page are taken care of.With Photoshop 7 , new dimensions are achieved . If you already know Adobe 2.0 , it is very easy to become familiar with 7.0 . Also , the precision and accuracy of the various functions reach a higher level and the additional possibilities leave more flexibility to individual creativity . This powerful software is becoming for me a must in all digital works and I can not give it less than five stars . Michel Doret
 I used PhotoShop 6.0 briefly before upgrading to 7.01 . The possibilities with 7.01 are near endless with this program for creativity . It 's relatively fast and 176 MB in HD storage . Although , most of my time with PhotoShop is spent tweaking digital photos , which it does extremely well.I highly recommend buying . First-time buyers - Once you 've bought the initial version of PhotoShop , the upgrades are not as painful to purchase . Buy still a ` must have ' for photo -LRB- both film and digital -RRB- professionals and enthusiasts as well as Web and graphic designers .
 This is more than just an upgrade . P7 is a serious improvement and will help spur marketkplace acceptance of digital cameras , because now you will be able to do edits faster.Adobe continues to release products to market that solve real problems , faster . The integration with the other products is also nice . P7 is by far the most useful . You can do so many things with it ; you wo n't reget getting this product .
 Although this update is not as big as the one from 5.5 to 6.0 , it is still worth buying . Actually the healing brush/healing patch tool itself is worth the price of the upgrade . When you think of it , how many of us digital photographers would gladly pay that price for a plug-in that helps us fix blemishes , scratches and wrinkles in a couple seconds?Another nice addition is the file browser . See all your pictures at a glance , rotate them , classify them , rate them , etc. . You can also view all the metadata -LRB- data added by your digital camera -RRB- , such as date taken , exposure , color profile , and others.Adobe also reworked -LRB- OK ... fixed -RRB- Contact Sheet , Web Gallery , and Picture Package . Those actually work now , and they 'll do exactly what you want them to . I agree it should have been done right in the first place , but I 'm just too happy they are usable now.Photoshop 7.0 also lets you save your workspace . You can now place all your tabs and windows just the way you like them , and save the positions . I have 3 or 4 different workspaces I toggle through , depending on what I 'm working on . This is a huge time saver . Once again , this could have been done before , but I 'm glad it finally found its way to Photoshop.Conclusion
 I 've had to evaluate Photoshop 7 running on Windows XP and Mac OS X . It runs significantly faster on OS X and offers more keyboard shortcuts , better color control , etc. . Also , the ability to use AppleScript to automate events and processes makes the Mac OS X version the obvious choice for use in a production environment.Overall , it 's not worth it to upgrade from Photoshop 5.5 or 6 unless you want to run it as a native app rather than in Classic mode on OS X.
 I know this may sound like a plug - but I 've just written a book on this application concentrating only on the new features - both those documented in the official manual which accompanies the product ; and some which were not documented.If you 've ever hassled with getting up to speed with all the new features in an application , you should find the book useful . Photoshop 7 Upgrade Essentials by Vicki Loader & Barry Huggins ; Published by friends of Ed ; ISBN
 This is an excellent product for the high-end graphic artist . In case you are not sure if this is the right upgrade for you , this product will upgrade from the full versions of Photoshop 4 and higher . Note that this product WILL NOT work with Photoshop Elements or Photoshop LE , as these are less thourough versions of Photoshop .
 At first glance this upgrade may look like it offers little new other than the healing brush , but a little closer inspection shows that there are a multitude of new tools including the Healing Brush , the Patch tool , the new brush options , the ability to create your own new tool presets and workspaces , enhancements to the liquify tools , the introduction of the pattern maker , the new auto-colour command , support for JavaScript , AppleScript and Visual Basic scripting , and numerous other introductions and enhancements . Granted not every enhancement or new feature is relevant to everyone 's workflow especially because both print and web designers use the application - but to dismiss it out of hand as a meagre upgrade is shortsighted . Maybe it just takes a little time and patience to find all of those new features.Just by having a look at the table of contents for the Photoshop 7 Upgrade Essentials book - the TOC is on the Amazon.com site - you 'll get a better idea of all those features . Then you can consider for yourself whether to invest in the latest release !
 Hardly a day goes by that I do n't use Photoshop . No other program can compete . Photoshop crops , resizes , changes saturation , constrast , hue and is able to use filters within the program -LRB- such as Eye Candy -RRB- which extends the capabilities of Photoshop -LRB- such as adding glow , water drops and fire -RRB- . You can import media , such as scans etc. . Create images from scratch , add lighting effects and now with version 7 use the healing brush and make patterns of your very own for your brush with the pattern maker . You can cut people out of photos and put them in totally different backgrounds , distort images , turn someone green , the possibilities are endless . If you are a vrml artist you need this for after tweeking . If you are looking for an image editing tool , get this one ! I would n't be without it .
 I used PhotoShop 6.0 briefly before upgrading to 7.01 . The possibilities with 7.01 are near endless with this program for creativity . It 's relatively fast and 176 MB in HD storage . Although , most of my time with PhotoShop is spent tweaking digital photos , which it does extremely well.I highly recommend buying . First-time buyers - Once you 've bought the initial version of PhotoShop , the upgrades are not as painful to purchase . Buy still a ` must have ' for photo -LRB- both film and digital -RRB- professionals and enthusiasts .
 This latest version turns out to be a very pleasant suprise , and i would already find it difficult to return to vers 6 . The new interface is lovely , unlike some new software which looks like the interface was designed with three crayons.The tweaks such as too the dialogue boxes was an unexpected bonus , as now much finer adjustments can be made , also new and more powerful curves features . dint personally see too much benefit from auto colours but i guess itll prove occasionally handy.The file browser is long overdue , this was one major feature i always preferred from Corel Photopaint , and finally we have it in Photoshop , maybe four years too late but nonetheless usefull.The major enhance ment for me is the ability to save tool settings , not least the Crop tool , each tool can be configured with customised settings , which means no more painful typing in the same settings 50 times a day . Again its a case of why didnt we have this in version 5 , but better late than never.The new tools are pretty cool , i love the patch tool , it literally has taken my breath away , magic is not the word . the healing brush isnt quite as user friendly and as obviously useful to me , but this will no doubt make a bit more sense after further use.The pattern maker has proved to be quite interesting and can actually be used to create some new twists when tinkered with enough.I find this version -LRB- running on XP -RRB- runs a little faster.all in all worth the upgrade .
 Adobe has done the unbelievable . They have taken an outstanding product and made it much more outstanding . Adobe Photoshop 7 features vast improvements over Photoshop 6 -LRB- my past favorite -RRB- . In Adobe Photoshop 7 , users will be able to catalog their photos for easy retrieval . Their are also several really cool new brushes , including the `` healing brush . '' This brush is amazing . You can take a picture that has cuts and scratches , and with a few clicks of the mouse have the photo `` healed '' in no time . Imagine the benefits your photos will receive.The interface has also been made much nicer . I am a novice at Adobe 's software , but definitely have had my share of frustrations with previous versions . Not so in Photoshop 7 . I am able to easily navigate around the interface to find the tools that I need , when I need them.All of these new features have unfortunately caused a memory crunch . Photoshop 7 runs a bit slower than its predecessor did , but is well worth all of the extra processing power . After using Photoshop 7 for a week , I was twice as productive as I had been with Photoshop 6 after several months!Photoshop 7 is the industry standard in graphic design , and I would highly recommend anyone that can afford it , to purchase a copy of Photoshop 7 . The best just keeps getting better !
 Photoshop remains my favorite painting program . I 'm a Photoshop 6.0 veteran , been using it since it came out , and I 've learned my way around pretty well.As an upgrade , I give 7.0 four stars . Why ? There 's just not that much more for that extra star . I was expecting a jump in features like the one between versions 5.5 and 6.0 . Pretty much , they give you a new tool for repairing photos -LRB- this is great and worth it if you 're interested in digital photography , of course
 I 've used Adobe Photoshop since day one and have tried and worked with all the versions that ever came out ... . I can honestly say that they really outdid themselves this time . The new features make the program even more user-friendly than it already was and the interface is also very appealing . I 'd recommend it to anyone who is serious about computer design . I know I am ! Kudos Adobe !
 Hopefully you can find an old copy around to upgrade and save yourself most of the cost . My kids have started using it to touch up their school photos . They use it to speed up the graphics for selling on ebay . We fixed our Christmas picture with it . We used it to create a mock up cover for a book my wife proposed to a publisher . We used it to automatically put several copies of a photo on the expensive paper , instead of wasting it . Everything turns out looking like a professional did it , even though we are simple amateurs .
 This is definitley the coolest program I have ever used ! when you learn what you want/need to know , it becomes fun and easy to use ! One of the best programs out there , especially if you need to restore an old photograph .
 This program is amazing . The program has so many features that it will take you years to learn and be able to use them all . The art that you can create with this application is stunning . Most web site 's pictures and graphics are made in Photoshop . People that want to create art , use photoshop .
 I recently bought Photoshop 7.0 and so far I love it ! I do n't know what I did without it . The healing brush tool and the new brush creator is wonderful ! This program is worth the money .
 I am not a realy serious photo editor , but so many people have said that this is such a great editor so I went ahead and coughed out the 600 dollars . It is a little pricey , but to the serious editor , the usefulness outweighs the price . 7.0 is probably the best version yet . However if you have 6.0 , I would recommend saving your money for either the next version or waiting a little while for the price of this to go down . The only complaint about the product is the price . I know that it is really good , but for 600 bucks it is a little much . I suggest that they make one for home editing with features that are somewhat scaled down , since the average home user does not need this much power . Overall I recommend this if you are serious into image editing . And do n't be expecting to know how to work the software in the first hour . It could take days of time sitting in front of your computer to figure out how this works . But it is worth it in the end .
 The PS7 was shipped ahead of schedule and was as advertised . I use it in XP mode on my windows7 machine , and it does what I need .
 I think this is a great product eventhough it is majorly out of date . i have a degree in graphic Design and learned photoshop on photoshop 7.0 . you can do just about the same things on the old version as you can on most of the updated versions only it is a littel different . overal I am happy with my purchase . It just took a little longer to get here then I had hoped but still made it within the time frame .
 If you do any kind of work with photography or imaging , this is the most essential tool in your toolbox . With nearly endless options , you can extend your creativity to the max , once you figure out how everything works . I would recommend this program to anyone , but only if you want to cough up $ 550 .
 I 'm taking my 2nd Photoshop studio course in a college setting in the Commercial Art department right now . I 'm an artist who sells her art online . I 've quickly discovered that if you ask another student what another design program is like in another CART course offering , the response will be , `` Well , it 's hard but it 's easier than Photoshop . '' So far there is NO program I 've mentioned in the commercial art department that is not considered easier than Photoshop . That said , it is an absolutely fabulous program and if you are an artist , photographer , designer or work with images in any professional way , then this is the program for you . Conversely , if you are not such a person or , even worse , have minimal computer skills , then I think you 'd do better with something simpler , like Paint Shop Pro .
 I 'm a freshman in high school and had no expierience in Photoshop until I began . There , I quickly fell in love with the program . I 've worked with 5.0 , 6.0 , and 7.0 , and 7.0 is easily the best out of all of them.I 'll agree with the other reviewers
 I had the free trial and just HAD to get the program after my free trial ended ! You can create stuff the eye cant even create . I went from horrible to GREAT ! I got this product after the free trial and now I am pro ! Anybody who doesnt like this program is just flat out stupid ! I recomend this !
 Adobe Photoshop is simply the best when it comes to photo-editing . I 've personally been using it for years and have found it to be one of my most valuable tools in the field of web page design . When version 6.0 came out I was blown away by all the new features , more filters , more powerful . Version 7.0 is slated to be the BEST version of Photoshop EVER , with tons of new features such as the new Image Browser the Healing brush , and Spell Checking . Now , while Photoshop is one heck of a great piece of software ...
 I must say that this book is amazing and written in very simple words , with good and quality diagrams .
 The most powerful photo editing system in the world . Combine a lot of pictures to one . Make a very creative post for your school club or party . Even though it is kind of expensive , it is worthful .
 If you liked Adobe Photoshop 6 you will love Photoshop 7 . It has several new features and is the best graphic program I ever used.Check it out
 I like visit your website . I enjoy look the different items.I hope i can buy a digital camera in the future.Thank you all .
 I 've been a Photoshop user since version 2.0 , I believe . At least 5 years of using this program have given me so many hours of enjoyment , education , and thousands of great graphics which I 've used for everything from pamphlets , web pages , t-shirts , buisness cards , book jacket sleeves , and touching up family photos .7.0 specifically is simply the best version of Photoshop yet . Heck , I was happy with 2.0 ! So you can imagine how elated I am with 7.0 . ImageReady is a great feature . It kind of a scaled down Photoshop . I especially like it when I need to do a `` quickie '' -- a quick fix , or touch up , when I do n't need to load up all of Photoshop.Photoshop 's place in graphical art is unequalled by any other program in any other feild . Nothing even comes close to Photoshop .
 Photoshop 7 is a great program even for amateurs . It is not very user friendly , but there are classes and manuals available to help teach how to use all the amazing features of Photoshop.When I installed the program , it bugged my computer -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- and I had to uninstall it to make my computer work again . Installing it in safe mode fixed the problem , however . Other than that , the program is definitely worth the money .
 I 've been using Photoshop for about 10 years , and I would humbly call myself an intermediate.Everything I 've used that 's not Photoshop is just a cheap imitation with bits and pieces of photo editing taken from Photoshop , right down to the lasso tool and the magic wand.But Photoshop is n't made for making quick flyers or greeting cards . It 's made for -- that 's right -- photography in its digital form . Professional photography to be used in publications and on the web.Someday I hope to understand all the tricks and tools of Photoshop . But even if you have a basic knowledge of layers , the pen tool , fill , and an eraser -LRB- paintbrush if you 're creative -RRB- , you can do amazing things.I 'll never outgrow Photoshop . It 's the gold standard of digital imaging -LRB- and , no , I 'm not being paid to say this -RRB- .
 Adobe sets the standard in imaging and graphics applications . I have been using Photoshop both for PC and Mac for over a year , and would not even consider using anything else . Yes , there is a learning curve as my fellow reviewers have noted . But , tutorial books on photoshop are plentiful . I would suggest taking a non-credit course at your local college or university to get the basics down.Photoshop features a vast array of tools for photo editing and you may become overwhelmed at first . You 'll want to try everything ! Play around with the artistic filters and amaze yourself . You can always undo any changes you make.This is a professional grade photo editing suite . If you are simply looking to touch up family snapshots , you may wish to consider Adobe 's Photoshop Elements , which has several features found in Photoshop , but for less than half the price.Photoshop is truly a digital darkroom in a box !
 i discovered this program on my computer years ago i dont know why i have it but i do . i love this program , i think it has great features and its very easy to use . I basically taught myself to use it which is almost impossible with some programs like this . the only problem i have with this program now is that when you try to upload brushes , which is a very important component of photoshop if u r doing art but maybe not so important if you are just doing photo editing , it very often says that this version is not compatible and you have to have a cs or higher , i have worked on these versions and one major difference i have noticed is that it is a lot easier to work with layers than it is on this program , but not much else . If you are just getting this for at home use for basic photo editing or art i think it is a very good version for a lot cheaper than the other newer versions
 absolutely the best ... fantastic and I have not much knowledge in designing field my first time working on a pic i got absoultely georgeous effects ... also easy to use . . I would recommend anyone specially to beginners with not much graphics experince since they made it so easy to use . .
 I 'm a freshman in high school and had no expierience in Photoshop until I began . There , I quickly fell in love with the program . I 've worked with 5.0 , 6.0 , and 7.0 , and 7.0 is easily the best out of all of them.I 'll agree with the other reviewers
 I have being running Photoshop 7.0 on Windows 2000 Professional for over a month now , and have not experienced any problems at all -LRB- i.e. System Crashes -RRB- . My guess is that other programs in Makthorpe 's computer were conflicting with photoshop . Apart from that I must say that I 'm really impressed with all photoshop 's features . I learn something new everyday now . I find this program fun to play with , so it is not difficult to learn . Though there is a lot to learn ...
 Photoshop is excellent for what it is
 Adobe Photoshop 7 is the most creative software i have ever seen . It is soooooo easy to use ... and u will have fun working with it ... I have desiged a hole web template using the photoshop and the Imageready software that comes with it ... . after finshing the design on the photoshop i switched to the imageready to animate the buttons i used in my website -LRB- using the rollovers -RRB- ... after that i exported the file to html format.I also use the photoshop 7 to make wallpapers by mixing several photos , adding some filters and effects on them , some text and my signiture ... . i really have fun working on the photoshop especially the last version -LRB- 7 -RRB- i mean ... because of it 's great file browser and it 's new brush designs , not just that but much more ... in this version u can adjust the size of the brush that u make -LRB- that thing was n't posible in the older versions -RRB- . IT IS REALLY AMAZING
 This program is anything anyone in the deisgning business could want . It provides possibilities that other programs do not come near to . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 Photoshop not only saved my life working at a newspaper , it 's been a fantastic program to use in creating graphics and photos for my Web sites . New features on 7.0 take a few sessions to get used to , particularly for anyone upgrading from a version before 5.5 , but overall , the program is better and easier than ever . Even an amateur , learn-it-yourself user should find Photoshop easy to manage - though for the price , I 'd say this is an expert-geared product .
 What I ordered . Arrived on time . Unfortunately could not be registered by Adobe because of a serial number problem . But it works . I use it all the time . Lots of people I 've talked to prefer this version of Photoshop to the newer one . It was good when it came out . It remains good to this day . How many pieces of software can you say that about ?
 Product , as advertised , delivered promptly . Thanks . Oh , looks like I am supposed to be reviewing Photoshop 7 . Uh , I like it .
 this is the best photo editing program of all time . even better than those CS
 Our company has some computers with software that is not compatible with Photoshop CS , so we bought a copy of 7.0 . Not only is it compatible , but unlike CS , you can put it on as many computers you like . I have CS on my computer here at work and 7.0 on the one I have have at home . There is not a whole lot of differences , but I would say the bells and whistles included in CS made me decide to give this a 4 star rating instead of a 5 .
 I 'm a professional Web Designer and there is no better product on the market for graphics and photo editing . There are better products for logo design and desktop publishing , but not for Web design . This is the standard by which all others are judged . If you 're serious about Web design or any graphic design in general , this is the professional 's tool .
 The only remotely negative thing I can say about Photoshop 7 is , that if you 're totally new to Photoshop , completely learning to use all of its myriad features effectively will be a very daunting task -LRB- to say the least -RRB- . But , that could also be construed as a good thing about Photoshop . It 's loaded with a plethora of very useful , very advanced features that other competitive products ca n't even touch.However , once you get a basic understanding of Photoshop 's layers and basic tools , you can immediately get to work creatively modifying and enhancing your digital photos and doing graphic design . If you ARE new to Photoshop , I do recommend purchasing 3rd party training materials to gain an understanding of the features Photoshop has to offer.Chances are , if you 're considering forking out the considerable cost for this product , than you probably have at least intermediate experience with Photoshop already . The new features of Photoshop 7 are extremely useful . There are new tools for photo enhancements -LRB- such as the unbelievable healing brush -RRB- as well as illustrating tools that finally turn Photoshop -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- to a one-stop graphic design studio.This comes with a fantastic training CD that takes you through the new features . It covers the new customizable paint brushes -LRB- which will blow your mind -RRB- , the -LRB- soon-to-be my favorite tool -RRB- healing brush , the new file browser and all sorts of other things . This CD was so good , in fact , that I 'm considering buying the whole training series for Photoshop.There is a reason Adobe Photoshop is the omnipresent software installed on every serious graphic designer 's computer . It 's simply the best , and everything else is a cheap knockoff . True , some cheaper packages do a reasonable job of imitating some of Photoshop 's features-but none of them do as good of a job . Photoshop 7 just brings even more revolutionary , well-implemented features to the table , and puts more distance between itself and the wannabes . The bottom line is that if you 're looking for the best photo editing software coupled with incredible graphic design tools , you 've found it .
 This program can do so much ... weather it is making the color look nicer in pictures , Adjusting the light , adding things , or even making scenery textures for computer games ! It is also great for making web pages ... just draw out what you want your web page to look like , and seperate the links and Voila ! I highly recomend Photographers -LRB- like me -RRB- , Game editors -LRB- like me -RRB- , web designers -LRB- like me -RRB- , or other jobs that you are tired of using MS paint for or that ms paint cant do . What ever your need Adobe Photo Shop is a great program .
 This program is amazing ... . it allows for so much freedom as an artist . I ca n't even begin to describe it . Just when u think u know everything about it u discover something new . If u r serious about graphic design this is the program for u. I highly reccomend the classroom in a book because it realkly helps in knowing the program ... it may be tedious at time -LRB- the book -RRB- but it is well worth it if u r looking into the graphic arts field .
 I wanted to make enlargements of my kids ' school and sports team portraits using my flat bed scanner , but dust on the photo -LRB- and the glass -RRB- always thwarted my efforts , no matter how diligent I was to brush the dust away.The new `` healing tool '' in Adobe 's Photoshop 7.0 has been a godsend . The healing tool matches the color and texture of the surrounding area perfectly . The size of the area to be corrected -- and copied from -- can be controlled precisely . Photoshop lets me zoom into any area of my photo so I can see exactly what I 'm going . I use the healing tool to get rid of dust and facial blemishes -- all with just a few quick clicks ! -LRB- I also purchased the Adobe Photoshop 7.0 Classroom in a Book , available from ... , which , in just a few paragraphs , taught me how to use the healing tool . I had never used Photoshop before . I highly recommend it . -RRB- The enlarged 8 x 10 portraits -LRB- which look professionally printed -RRB- that I now include in my photo albums are a vast improvement over the snapshot-only arrangements I had done previously . And the grandparents , of course , are tickled pink to receive the enlargements as well!Dust had prevented me from using my flat bed scanner -- and my 8 x 10 photo printer -- more fully . I now use both much more regularly . Thank you Photoshop 7.0 !
 Now , This Isnt Just A Good Software Product , Its Excellent ! Ive Had It For 6 Months And Almost Mastered It ! This Is What The Pro 's Use ! I Would Easily Reccomend This To ANYBODY Who Wanted A Software For Enchanced GFX Design . Easy Tools , Many Tutorials To Help You On-Line ! I Am A WWE -LRB- World Wrestling Entertainment -RRB- GFX Designer , I Have Made Several Quality Banners ! I Reccomend This ... Althou $ 180 Is Pretty Steep ... Worth It ... Trust Me
 Well , to start off Photoshop is the best image-editing tool in the business . I learned Photoshop in school and from I can tell you that to purchase Photoshop is worth it . Photoshop is a tool for younger people who know more or less how to use certain tools like maybe some have messed around with Paint on your computer well Photoshop is really an upscale to that a professional tool and really I think it is one of the easiest programs to use . Sure , people say that there are other programs that are better . Well , I have news for them there is n't any better program out there I mean I have Paint Shop Pro 8 the latest version and well it does not even compare one bit to Photoshop . Sure , Photoshop is more expensive , but let me tell you for the price it is worth it .
 This game * I mean product I mean software is great . I can mess up family photos with the liqify tool , and before long , i will know how to layer images togeather such as Niel Armstrong on the moon and one of the photos of mars that the new rover took . It is very hard to master , let alone use -LRB- other than the liquify tool -RRB- . I have vurtually no idea what 129 out of the 139 tools and buttons do . Overall , since i 'm just a ten year old kid siting infront of his computer late at night , I would rather have gotten this thing .
 a excellant program which gets easier and more useful as you use it . my favorite editing program
 I love the program and me as a graphic designer woul n't have anything else . Only one minus in comparison to vesion 6 . Why did Adobe change the brushpalette . It was fine the way it was . This one is a little more anoying to use .
 I have owned Photoshop in its various forms since its earliest versions . It is clearly my preferred picture editing tool , and I have owned many and continue to use a few others such as Picture It for particular tasks . So I affirm the positive comments on Photoshop 's abilities.Some notes about the 7.0 release . The `` healing tool '' is a real time saver if you are working on restoring old slides . It has easily multiplied my productivity 3X on difficult pictures versus previous versions . Otherwise , I see no feature that is compelling enough to make someone upgrade from 5.5 or 6.0 . The new tool particularly shines in situations in former versions where the standard technique of dust removal -LRB- rubber stamp tool was too tedious to use -RRB- . The new healing tool does more than a simple rubber stamp and blur though that at first appears to be what it is doing . It is totally amazing - check it out in a store if you are skeptical about these accolades.Negative points - One reason I do not give a 5 star , and I really was thinking of giving this version a 3 star was a major major bug that can cause havoc on XP and windows 2000 systems . If you install and attempt to display a folder in thumbnail view , it would crash explorer . It is something that photoshop was installing , because once I removed the software , the system behaved fine again . If this happens to you , reinstall in safe mode -LRB- press f8 at boot -RRB- . The 7.01 upgrade fix from the adobe site does not fix this bug , and it may have something to do with interactions with virus protection and firewall programs . Anyhow , Adobe 's testing should have caught this high severity bug .
 I will admit that this is not a easy to use application but if you want to become an expert , you have to go to a lesson class in graphics and photo-editing . It does pay off , the editing features of this program are amazing , for removing red eye giving pictures the best lighting and creating great photo-content . With new features for fixing photos such as the healing brush which I know a lot users will appreciate for removing wrinkles and other types facial problems in photos . You also have security with version 7.0 so people can not steal your precious content or use dissrespectly with special water mark features and other secure and file protection stuff . A new file browser is in the product so you can find and select your photo-content easily . Over all for previous users of Photo-shop I recommend you upgrade , I highly recommend 5.0 & 5.5 users to upgrade most of all but for people who just purchased 6.0 wait about 3 to 6 month 's and hear what everybody is saying . If you want to go in photo-graphics I highly recommend Photoshop 7.0 it 's new and a little bit easier use . If you are a novice and new to Photo-editing stick with Photoshop elements .
 Okay here is the lowdown on why you should get this product and why you should not get this product.You should get this product if : - You want to learn the # 1 photo/paint package that is an industry standard . - You do not mind the massive learning curve . - If you do not want something that you pop out of the box and use right away without spending weeks learning it . - If you want total control over every aspect of paint/photo manipulation . - If you do not mind it being a bit slow . - If you do not mind it taking up a lot of hard disk space.You should not get this product if : - You do not need to learn an industry standard package . - If you want to use something right away out of the box . - If you do not need total control over every aspect of paint/photo manipulation . - If you want a fast package . - If you want to conserve hard drive space.If you are looking for a paint/photo package that you can use out of the box and has lots of features then use Paint Shop Pro . If you are looking to learn the industry standard with the most features then learn and use Photoshop.However I would like to finish this off by saying that I have worked for various multimedia groups that have demanded experience with this package and yet when it came to working for them they used 10 % of this package and should have been using Paint Shop Pro instead . If you mention Paint Shop Pro in an interview then the interviewer will look at you sideways . What a load of mumbo-jumbo . They simply use this package because it is the `` industry standard '' instead of actually looking at a package that suites their needs . If you are an interviewer and someone says they also use Paint Shop Pro then you should actually listen to them for not toeing the official line . You might learn something there that will save you time , money and wasted space . Why bother training people for a couple of months to learn this package when they can do your intermediate tasks on a package they can use out of the box?That is the bottom line .
 I started using Photoshop at release 7.0 , I love this program , I spend most of my time playing around with this . -LRB- yeah yeah I have no life -RRB- I mainly use it for photo repair , my family has alot of old photos from the 30 's 40 's and 50 's and time has taken their toll on them , and they come to me to fix them -LRB- I am the computer nerd of the family -RRB- well , I sit down with Photoshop 7 and for the most part I can make the old photos appear as they are new again.I strongly recommend this software if you do photo repair/retouch , are into any kind of image editing/creation , or do marketing publications ... this program makes it easy . The tools and filters will make your work look professional , even if you are not . . like me : -RRB- As for stability , it rocks ! I had it crash once , but I was lacking RAM memory and it hung -LRB- while multitasking -RRB- I run it on Windows XP with 768mb RAM and 1.4 ghz AMD and it is smooth ... yeah it is a bit spendy . . but trust me you get what you pay for ... I did !
 Bitmap editing tools have come a long way since MacPaint in the early eighties , running on the Mac 128 . At last , the good folks at Adobe have released a viable upgrade to their star flagship product in R7.You now have more control over vector shapes in Photoshop , allowing for blends and fills . However , the tool set is not quite as sophisticated as Illustrator.A spell checker is now available in version 7 for those of you who wish to create your text without leaving Photoshop.Plugins from other vendors will work with this product , such as CGSD 's RealTexture Tools.What 's annoying is that saving a layered project , opened as a tiff , is no longer by default saved to PSD -LRB- native format -RRB- . In that case , the user must scroll the dialogue box.A major drawback is their lack of support , at least for the previous version . When I installed the 6.0 upgrade on my Windows 2000 workstation , the program would n't correctly boot . I was unable to locate a phone number from their site to call . After e-mailing their tech support , I received an automated response the size of a book . A message was posted on their website forum without a response . One realizes that cutting costs -LRB- personnel -RRB- is vital to a company 's existence , but the lack of support of this product is unacceptable .
 This latest version turns out to be a very pleasant suprise , and i would already find it difficult bto return to vers 6 . The new interface is lovely , unlike some new software which looks like the interface was designed with three crayons.The tweaks such as too the dialogue boxes was an unexpected bonus , as now much finer adjustments can be made , also new and more powerful curves features . dint personally see too much benefit from auto colours but i guess itll prove occasionally handy.The file browser is long overdue , this was one major feature i always preferred from Corel Photopaint , and finally we have it in Photoshop , maybe four years too late but nonetheless usefull.The major enhance ment for me is the ability to save tool settings , not least the Crop tool , each tool can be configured with customised settings , which means no more painful typing in the same settings 50 times a day . Again its a case of why didnt we have this in version 5 , but better late than never.The new tools are pretty cool , i love the patch tool , it literally has taken my breath away , magic is not the word . the healing brush isnt quite as user friendly and as obviously useful to me , but this will no doubt make a bit more sense after further use.The pattern maker has proved to be quite interesting and can actually be used to create some new twists when tinkered with enough.I find this version -LRB- running on XP -RRB- runs a little faster.all in all worth the upgrade
 For Photographers
 There is no doubt that Adobe Photoshop 7 is an extremely powerful tool well suited to the needs of professionals . It has the capabilities of doing things with raster images which are simple amazing for someone like me who is at the Etch-a-sketch level of development . That being said , it is also a particularly frustrating tool for someone like me to try and use . Perhaps this is because it is complex beyond my needs and desires but it also has something to do with the infuriating user interface.I am not particularly interested in doing graphic art work . I just need it sometimes . So it is that I was fairly resistant to learning the program . In time , though , I did need its capabilities . I just hated wading through the Adobe interface . I have the same problem with PageMaker ; it is me , not the program ... usually.Photoshop is extremely capable . It is also pricy . I would venture to say that unless you need all of the advanced capabilities , you could do better with another package . I like the Macromedia Fireworks interface . Still , Photoshop leads the pack . It is the standard . It is a status that has been earned . I just wish the interface was more intuitive and simple .
 Everybody talks of Photoshop simply as software . But it 's implications in the modern day digital world are huge . Photoshop as an invention has been as influential as the light bulb , because it has changed our perception of reality . Today , every time we look at an image , say it 's on a website , a magazine , television or any printed media , we wonder or contemplate the posibility of how much `` Photoshopped '' the image is . In the popular realm Photoshop can create crazy aberrations that are at times fun , and to the trained eye you can detect just where the editing took place . But in the hands of experts , we can just wonder how much media images have been manipulated without us ever noticing . What Photoshop has done over the years is to democratize digital image editing , something that was one time limited to high end image labs and pros . Photoshop has no real learning curve , because it 's progressive . The thing is that if you 're intrested , go for it , there are hundreds of learning resources available -LRB- tutorials included with the software are complete and comprehensive -RRB- . Photoshop is a must have tool .
 Photoshop 7 is currently the best cheapest edition of Photoshop out meaning it 's great for teens/children like me to play around for a bit . I like to create comics , Draw Cartoons , and share them on the internet with online friends . I also run a small local online business with this program and Paint Shop Pro 8 . Great graphics program this is . It can create dazzling 3-d effects and if you still are n't satisfied with all the filters and effects of such , you could always downlaod some cool ones off 3rd party sites on google . This is a great program to set that computer wizkid of your 's imagination free . This program does get quite boring after awhile like all stuff does .
 This new Photoshop upgrade is well worth the cost , especially if your using OSX -LRB- but then ... what choice do you have ? -RRB- The Healing Brush alone is a piece if black magic ... how it works i 'll never know - but it does and it handles it 's job quite well . I must admit , I have had some problems with OSX freezing up while using this Photoshop version -LRB- and NO , I can not force quit just this particular application like they claim you can -RRB- But that 's probably more my computer thyan anything else . You 'll love the new graphics and features -LRB- the browser is quite handy as well -RRB- Buy this and keep up to date with Photoshop - you wo n't regret it !
 If you have n't used Phosthop before you will be amazed by the stunning thing you can `` do '' with it.As a professionell og as an amateur yor will wonder how you managed to make good looking pictures on the net before Photoshop came along.Photoshop is the first , the best , and it 's and amazingly adicting . The world of digital photographng wo n't be the same anymore . I do n't think so , anyway .
 I * just * got my upgrade a few days ago . I was a little worried about installing the upgrade , because sometimes they are n't real stable right away . But this one installed like a breeze , and seems to be very stable.I am on a 500 MHz G3 iMac , with 768 megs of RAM , OS 9.2.1 . -LRB- I have OS X , but do n't use it much yet . -RRB- Photoshop 7 installed GREAT . No problems at all . And none of that irritating `` CD-swapping '' nonsense that was present in the upgrade for Photoshop 6 . A very easy upgrade process.As far as Photoshop 7 goes - what 's there not to like ? The `` heal '' brush is very cool , and I LOVE -LRB- love love love -RRB- the `` browse '' function . I have WAY too many graphic files , digital camera files , etc. , and it 's always been time-consuming to wade through them all to find the picture I want . The browse function makes this so much easier . This , -LRB- to me -RRB- was a major reason to upgrade . I know there are a lot of other additions that I have n't noticed yet -LRB- I 've only had it a few days -RRB- but so far , I am most pleased.I like the enhanced filter window . Now , FINALLY , we can see how the filter is going to affect the picture , because the preview window is big enough ! There are a lot of other additions and tweaks that I really like.One that elates me is the ability to re-name a layer without having to deal with a window that pops up . Now , you just double-click on the title text that you want to change on the layer palette , change the layer name RIGHT THERE , and then press `` return '' to set the changes ! FINALLY a decent way to change layer names!The new `` brush engine '' is very fabulous too . I have n't worked with it much , but so far , I like!There are a lot of great tweaks , enhancements and adjustments that I am noticing . Very nice . Very happy . Works well with my little iMac . It does need a lot of RAM , though - but so did version 6 . Throw as much RAM as you can at it .
 Reviewer
 Adobe has grown up in many respects ... and this is living proof . Photoshop is far from being perfect , but this comes very close.The healing brush alone is worth the upgrade . When I heard it advertised , I thought it was just another name for the clone tool ... wrong . You must see it demonstrated to appreciate how fantastic it is . The patch tool is similar , but works better on fabrics and backdrops rather than skin.The new docking palette well is a great add-on feature , especially for those who are trying to conserve precious screen real estate.The character palette from Illustrator now joins Photoshop and the two programs talk to each other more than in previous versions . Illustrator 10 , InDesign 2 and Photoshop 7 now can communicate to each other via an XML layer in which you can connect 3 different types of documents to a single Excel spreadsheet ... so if -LRB- for example -RRB- , you 're designing a menu , you can instantly change prices , currency -LRB- Yen , Dollar , Euro , etc. -RRB- and other data without having to go back in and change currency symbols or alter figures in typesetting.An annoying feature is the lack of being able to switch to multiple open document windows via the Windows menu ... and the arrow on the layer 's palette has a `` dock to palette well '' selection on the top of the contextual menu , so if you 've been used to creating a new layer from this menu since version 3.0 , you 're going to accidentally dock the layers palette instead the first dozen -LRB- or so -RRB- times out of habit , since the `` New Layer '' selection has moved down a notch.Some tools have been juggled and moved around ... it took me 10 minutes to find the `` Invert '' option just yesterday ... but the command-i short-cut still works as it used to.Another awesome feature is the ability to save a workspace in a certain formation . This allows multiple users on the same computer have their own settings as to what palette sits on what location on what monitor , etc. I know that by the time I really start feeling comfortable in 7.0 , 7.5 or 8.0 will be shipping ... it takes so long to get your feet wet w / these new versions - but this upgrade is worth every penny.While it will work fine in OS 9.1 and higher , it really excels in OS X. Adobe created Photoshop 7 to run natively in OS X and it takes advantage of the open GL graphics layer in OS X. Photoshop 7 also allows you to save your documents as a Photoshop PDF ... this is not the same as previous versions when you just saved to a PDF ... it 's a Photoshop PDF . This means you can save to PDF , send it to colleagues who can then add comments , etc. . When you get the document back w / comments , you can open the PDF up in Photoshop and have the original document w / all the layers , text , effects , etc. and the newly added comments on another layer . Applause to Adobe . This product rocks !
 Photoshop 7 ranks as the best version upgrade for a long time . having been using for a couple of weeks , on occasions where i have had to go back to 6 ive missed the features ive already come to depend on in 7 , which speaks volumes in itself.Firstly the interface has been improved and streamlined , the context sensitive options bar speeds up workflow enormously , and finally after all these versions the ability to save custome tool settings , if you constantly find yourself retyping cropping tool settings et all , then youll appreciate what an advancement this is.More layer blending modes to play with , improvements to most of the workhorse image adjustment areas , curves has had a major overhaul , and has become much more user friendly , not least with the ability to expand the size of the dialogue box.The new tools are in fact great , the healing brush has that real wow factor , and is a great accomplice to the rubber stamp.Even the texture generator seems to have some applications for creating original artwork.The file browser is welcome , although for anyone who used to use Corel Photopaint , its merely something which has been missing from Photoshop for a long time.Despite intitial scepticism , i think this is the best upgrade to Photoshop in a long time , although most of the enhancements should have materialised a couple of years ago , at least they have finally been incorporated .
 If you 're a Photoshop user and want to upgrade to OS X -- let this piece of software convince you . It 's stabler and more elegant than the previous version in OS 9 . I simply * love * Photoshop 7.0 . I 've been a Photoshop user on the Mac since Photoshop 4.0 , and this is by far the best version yet . If you 're a graphics professional and have been waiting to switch to OS X for software like Photoshop to be ready for OS X , then the time has come -- switch away . As always , I think Adobe 's pricing is a bit too high , but this is a rare example of an upgrade whose price I felt was worth it .
 If you are a Mac user and have an older version of Photoshop ... well I would seriously recommend that you upgrade to version 7.0 While v7 does n't add a whole lot of new features ... it does improve on a number of existing ones ... and most importantly it is the first Adobe application to feature their new common user-interface design ... that will be shared with imageready and illustrator.Since it is highly probable that one will be using one of these applications ... you may as well drop down the coin and purchase this upgrade now ... before they start restricting the versions the upgrade supports .
 Looks and acts a lot like Photoshop 6.5 , but there are many little elegances added . The biggee is the so-called healing brush and it actually does erase wrinkles on a portrait . For me , that was worth the price of the upgrade . If erasing wrinkles on friends , family members and customers does n't light up your sky , you may be able to live without this -- unless you are on a Mac running OS X. Photoshop 7 is the first big-time graphics program to make the jump to X.
 Ask most graphic artists and designers and they will tell you that their livelihood depends on their usage of Photoshop . PhotoShop 7 is worth the time to learn and use for your projects . Photoshop is still the reigning monarch for digital photos and graphic work.PhotoShop 7 's Healing BrushThe most publicized new feature in Photoshop 7 . The PhotoShop 's Healing Brush lets you remove dust , scratches , blemishes and wrinkles on your images . With the healing brush tool , you can preserves shading and lighting texture . You can use the Patch Tool for more precise graphic editing . Also , you can use the patch tool on selections or channels.Controversy . Does removing wrinkles and facial defects destroy the character of the family member ? Maybe that was one of the reasons that Native American Indians refused to have their pictures taken in fear of the photograph picture capturing and destroying their souls.The Wall Street Journal 's article on PhotoShop 7 commented on the moral aspects of using the PhotoShop 7 's Healing Brush . The writer noted that Adobe Systems was masterful in creating the Healing Brush but was it ethical to use it?PhotoShop 7 File BrowserThe new Browse command opens a File Browser palette . This lets you view thumbnails of all your graphics files.In the Expanded View the File Browser offers a Microsoft Internet Explorer style view . You will see a panel down the left hand side of your monitor containing a tree structure pane where you can choose which folder you wish to view.Under the PhotoShop HoodPhotoShop is a Deep Program . The layout of PhotoShop has three distinct elements
 Norton Antivirus 8.0 for Mac does what it 's supposed to do and does it well . I ca n't speak about the OS 9 version , but the MacOS X version runs quietly in the background and has never caused any conflicts or problems on my OS X machines . The new version 9.0 also addresses the PC virus issue brought up by another reviewer here . Four stars for a very solid product .
 With good reason , Roxio 's Toast is probably the best selling CD and DVD Macintosh burning software in the world . Roxio has always been miles ahead of their competition and it looks like they just raised the bar again . Their latest release , Toast with Jam , adds even more functionality to their already powerful product.Toast Titanium already featured the ability to burn photo , video , music and data to CD and DVD . The new version includes pro audio features that will allow users to edit , arrange , and burn a gold master CD of their recorded music . Also music lovers will find an updated , more flexible cross-fade tool using a graphical waveform interface , a dithering feature that corrects for distortion , which can occur during audio file conversion , and new support for audio files with resolutions up to 24 bits . A robust online help system is new to the product as well.And when it could n't get any better , Toast with Jam also includes a version of the popular audio program Peak LE from BIAS . Audio professionals and music lovers will find Toast with Jam an absolute must have . Plus it has a cute name.Toast with Jam is built for Mac OS X and also supports Mac OS 9 users .
 I read the reviews of the people who were disappointed with Toast/Jam as a professional grade audio tool . I have no reason to doubt their veracity . But I got it to create killer -LRB- excuse the phrase -RRB- jams on my Mac . It installed great , I just fire it up , cross-fade , adjust gain , and burn . It does everything I ask of it and I am very happy with the results . If you , like me , want to lay some tunes on friends -LRB- in a completely legal way per the RIAA Nazi scum , of course ! -RRB- , this will probably just what you want and need .
 This product is almost universally compatible !! The window is resizable , with simple buttons specifying the type of CD you wish to burn . Click audio , data , copy , or other , and the button turns blue . Pop a blank CD-R into your drive , drag your files into the window , hit that big red glowing record button in the corner , and you 're cooking . What a simple way to burn CD 's ... . even off your PC !
 I do a lot of technical graphics for a living and this thing is built for me ! I used to use Adobe Illustrator , but this thing blows it out of the water . Designer is so much better at making technical graphics that it is n't even funny . It works better with Autocad files , it snaps better , it does better callouts and it 's just all around easier to use for what I need to do .
 I do a lot of technical graphics for a living and this thing is built for me ! I used to use Adobe Illustrator , but this thing blows it out of the water . Designer is so much better at making technical graphics that it is n't even funny . It works better with Autocad files , it snaps better , it does better callouts and it 's just all around easier to use for what I need to do .
 I used QuickBooks , happily , for years -- until they stopped supporting tax tables for the Mac , about 1999 . They migrated us to Aatrix TopPay -- a nightmare -- but at the time , the only company making payroll software for the Mac . I stayed with them , though their UI was ghastly , forms did n't work , customer support poor -- feeling it was better than going to a PC . Finally this year , my experience with their version 15 was so terrible that I gave up entirely -- bought QuickBooks -- and set it up on my PC . What ease of use ! What intuitive , easy navigation ! What joy ! It took me very little time to set up my company , calculate payroll , and be on my way.So -- compared to what I 've had to deal with for the past 5 years -- this is magnificent .
 `` NEW in-product tutorials in the Learning Center help you complete key business tasks confidenty.IMPROVED Easy-to-use Help is available throuthout QuickBooks to support your needs ... '' -LSB- from the back cover of box -RSB-
 I am surprised to see the many negative comments on this product . The only issue I have had with it is that my GPS initially did not work properly . This was due to Windows XP recognizing it as a serial pointing device and had nothing to do with the software . I had the same issue with streets and trips . Once I got that ironed out , it has worked perfectly for me . I used it recently to plan a cross country trip and it worked fine . I was able to get back on track a couple of times when I took a wrong turn simply by using the GPS for reference . I see that some complained that you have to be online to use the program but this is not true . You DO need to be online to get current updates on road construction , but this should be done before leaving home where you have internet access anyway , not on the road . I think that perhaps people are expecting a lot from a program that costs less than 50 bucks . Take the tutorials included with the program , plan your trip at home or in the hotel , not on the road and use a little common sense and it will work fine for you . My only complaint would be that there is no option to update the street-level city maps via the internet .
 While I have not used the GPS , streetfinder works well at locating and mapping the addresses that I need . The real bonus is TripMaker which has allowed us to map out and plan long trips through several states and make reservations along the way . I would not leave home without it .
 I 've used this software since version 1998 , almost in all North and South America Countries , and it has been very useful to me . I use it connected to my Magellan GPS and my laptop while driving . Using the Monitor and Record funtionality , I get all NMEA data from the GPS in TXT format from where I can extract all kinds of information I need . This feature is not found in other similar software products .
 I have used this product for about eight years , and have never had a problem with it . I plan long trips with it for our RV club , and it does beautifully . It also allows calculation of costs . The newest version even lets you track reservations . I have not tried to link it to my GPS , nor would I bother . I study the maps , and know where I 'm going , so the GPS mostly shows me where I am and how fast I 'm going . Nice , but not essential.Otherwise the TripMaker program works very well as far as I am concerned , so I do n't understand the hostile evaluations . Each program does what it does , and this one suits me just fine .
 I Can Speak Spanish is the ideal program for beginner level Spanish speakers . For starters it leads you off with basic grammar and the alphabet which seems like a logical start to learning any language . Then it contains 15 seperate lessons that are all very good and have somewhat of a more personal classroom or course feel . One of the best features is the Before You Know It program which is like having electronic flashcards to practice with and it is really helpful . This is a good program and well worth the buy if you want to learn beginning Spanish .
 This program is really good stuff . It has a lot to teach with 15 lessons and has a flashcard game that is a good program to study with . I was also really impressed with the voice recognition technology that allowed me to compare my pronunciation with that of a native Spanish speakers . This is a good way to learn Spanish and a good buy .
 This is a good beginners language program that comes with several features to it . There are many ways in which the user can test their knowledge of Spanish with it . The flash-card program is a favorite of mine . It helps you truly understand the vocabulary -LRB- by having to type it in -RRB- , and it teaches you the proper spelling of the words.My mother , who is a native Spanish-speaker , pointed out that there were a few minor mistakes in it . Still , and overall , this is one of the easiest , cheapest , and best ways to learn Spanish . I would recommend it to anyone looking to learn Spanish , or build on their skills .
 I Love this software . Especially for the Price . For less than $ 10 how can you beat it . And unlike much of the other Learning Spanish software being sold on the Net , I CAN SPEAK SPANISH will keep you interested . Let 's be realistic . If the software is boring you 're not going to use it . And no matter good it is at teaching , if it 's so boring that you do n't use it , then you will not learn.You wont have that problem with I Can Speak Spanish . I use it everyday , actually every morning . I am taking another trip to Panama in two months so I want my Spanish to be `` mucho mejor `` And it 's really improving . Here 's my regimen , upon waking I use the I CAN SPEAK SPANISH software and for my commute to and from work I listen to the LEARNING SPANISH LIKE CRAZY CDs . -LRB- I saved a few bucks and ordered the digital download to LEARNING SPANISH LIKE CRAZY and burnt the CDs myself . -RRB- After I arrive home , I watch a Spanish speaking soap opera -LRB- `` novela '' -RRB- and if I am not too tired , before I go to bed , I study a little Italian . But with the two Spanish courses , I seem to be learning Spanish like crazy . Estoy aprendiendo espanol como loco !
 I just got the cd a few days ago , and I 've been studying the lessons for two days . This is FUN . Well worth the $ 9 . It 's very challenging because the lessons are structured so that you ca n't guess what the answers are or what 's coming next . In other words , the cd is teaching you to really LEARN . Now if I could just remember everything ... I 'll be speaking spanish !! So far , so good . This program is definately worth checking out . I 'm very happy with it .
 This is a really good Spanish language learning program . I bought this to help me study for my college Spanish course and it helped a lot . The two parts of the program A + Spanish and Spanish Before You Know It work perfectly together . A + Spanish gave me 15 lessons in Spanish on my computer and really gave me a good basis of understanding the Spanish Language . Spanish Before You Know It saved me on studying for those tests . It is a flashcard program that contains thousands of Spanish vocabulary words in different categories . With these two tools I was able to comprehend and learn way more Spanish than I thought I could . I would recomend this program to anyone who wants to learn to Spanish for any reason - business , school , travel ect .
 I Can Speak Spanish is a good solid course but I do not recommend that you use it alone . I suggest you buy a good solid car course to use in conjunction with this one at home to have a full and well rounded instructional experience and truly speak Spanish.I have used both Behind the Wheel Spanish and I Can Speak Spanish for an optimal learning experience at home , office and in your car .
 This is a really good Spanish language learning program . I bought this to help me study for my college Spanish course and it helped a lot . The two parts of the program A + Spanish and Spanish Before You Know It work perfectly together . A + Spanish gave me 15 lessons in Spanish on my computer and really gave me a good basis of understanding the Spanish Language . Spanish Before You Know It saved me on studying for those tests . It is a flashcard program that contains thousands of Spanish vocabulary words in different categories . With these two tools I was able to comprehend and learn way more Spanish than I thought I could . I would recomend this program to anyone who wants to learn to Spanish for any reason - business , school , travel ect .
 I liked the structured format for learning short phrases first , followed by longer conversation styles and cultural nuances . The CD works on a PC and a Mac , which was a plus .
 This is a really good program for learning Spanish . It was very easy to follow and is set up in step by step lessons that kept me learning as fast or as slow as I wanted . There are various practice games and a really good flashcard game that is perfect for studying . Great buy for learning Spanish !!!
 I picked up the Complete French Learning Suite in order to learn a new language for my job . This program works because it offers many ways in which to learn French . I found myself completely immersed in several ways of learning in which I felt comfortable with . I particulary liked the flashcard program for vocabulary which I found to be the most difficult aspect of learning French . The most intresting feature I found was the ability to have my speech analyzed to compare my pronunciation with that of native speakers . This product works really well and I recomend it to anyone who wants to learn to Speak French .
 This package is amazing , it has everything you could need and it works really well . French Now , the learning program , teaches you from the basics onward and has great audio & video features , good games and incredible conversation practices . PDQ French is an audio book course which adds and compliments to French Now . French Before You Know It , my favorite program , is an interactive flashcard program that will help you to master vocabulary very fast . Linguamatch is a talking phrasebook and tutor in which you can learn hundreds of phrases useful in many different situations . There is also a French General and Technical Dictionary , Alphabet Reference , Grammar Tutorial and much more . This package really is incredible , you get so much in it and everything works well . I would advise anyone serious about learning French to try this out .
 I really like this software and learning French this way . There are so many ways to learn and practice French with this software its unbelievable . My favorite part of the program is the French Before You Know It flashcard game which is the best and easiest way to practice . In the end , I was very satisfied with this program and it really deserves the 5 star rating .
 Complete French Learning Suite is a great package for French language learning . For what you get the price is a bargain . Several software programs , that are all very good and imformative , along with audio CDs and a workbook . The large amount of French that you can learn with this suite is amazing . It will teach beginners and keep more advanced level speakers learning . I would recomend this product to anyone seeking to learn French , it is a really good buy .
 I bought years ago this amazing Encyclopedia of Cinema , and it performs perfectly in Windows XP , thank God . Its use is as easy as Encarta 's , and you can find everything about movie world -LRB- films reviews , biographies ... -RRB- . It is a multimedia product , with photos , music , dialogues , videos ... Although it focuses in the USA , it includes international production too.I do n't understand why Microsoft stopped publishing it in 1996 . I suppose it was `` too good '' for the market , and that books ' merchants thought it was a heavy competitor.I would pay a lot of money very happy if Microsoft produces a new version.Another option would be to integrate it with Encarta , as they did with `` Encarta Africana '' . Marvelous dream.Anyway , if someone knows an electronic product similar to Cinemania , please let me know -LRB- albert2608@hotmail.com -RRB- .
 I completely agree with the review by Billy Budd . I , too , use Cinemania extensivily . I love just about all the `` good '' movies that were ever made , and use the Cinemania program as my # 1 go - to information center to check on movies I might like to purchase . With the DVD 's and the Hi-Def T.V. now , man this stuff is a blast ! But , alas & alack , it 's also kinda expensive . Therefore , I ca n't be wastin ' my hard-earned money on dud movies , and that 's where top-notch information comes in . Cinemania delivers that in spades , but unfortunately , now there 's 10 years worth of history that 's missing . I 've written to Microsoft asking about an update , but never heard from them . I really wish they would produce a new version . Heck , with the DVD format , tons of additional info and clips could be added . Hey , Microsoft , do n't even think about this one , just do it!Larry Streger
 This is one of the bests programs I had . I really do n't know why Microsoft stopped in 96 . Buy it if you want to learn a lot about movies ... specially the classics.Well , after 1996 we do n't have many good movies after all : -RRB-
 Best source info available for ALL movies filmed prior to 1996 . Unfortunately , Cinemania 97 was the final disc produced by Microsoft . Many Cinemania Fans wish they were still being produced today .
 I do n't know why Microsoft stop making new versions of this product in 1997 , But anyway , I find this product fun with movies from the mid 90s movies and older that has reviews . It 's like you have some movie crtics in the house . If your looking for the last version , Get Cinemania 97 . at least it 's better then wikipedia , but do n't expect much when it comes to movies today .
 `` A CLASS ACT . '' -- Entertainment WeeklyWith Microsoft Cinemania 96 , choosing a movie to rent can be almost as much fun as watching it!It 's your easy-to-use , personal guide to a world of great films , reviews , video clips , biographies , and insightful articles . '' -LSB- from the back of the software box -RSB-
 PC-Cillin has been my choice of superior anti-virus protection for several years . It has matured into a top-notch AV product and has always been user friendly . I started with Norton AV but quickly moved to PC-Cillin for it 's features . PC-Cillin 's real-time protection intercepts viruses with a Windows like alert unlike Norton AV with it 's DOS textual base screen . PC-Cillin will scan networked computers which Norton AV will not do . Norton AV2003 on my son 's pc locked up consistently on a scan of six viruses . It was removed within two hours and PC-Cillin 2003 was ordered and installed . It detected and removed the six viruses without problems . Symantec received a ` less than nice ' comment from me and refunded the purchased cost of Norton AV.Unlike Symantec 's claim to their product , for me , PC-Cillin is the most trusted Anti-Virus in the world . Their support is top-notch . Just because Norton AV and McAfee are heavily advertised and popularly carried by retail stores does NOT make those products better . The value received is what PC-Cillin delivers in it 's protection . Pricing promotions and rebates on the ` other ' products do not constitute real value . A Trend-Micro customer always for all the right reasons .
 QuickBooks gives the small business owner essentially enterprise-level solutions at a fair price . Accounting is inherently difficult for most of us -LRB- me included ! -RRB- , and will remain my least favorite task . It does and will continue to consume hours of my time each week-especially when unusual situations come up . But the difficulties are inherent in the problem , and QuickBooks makes this as painless as it is ever going to get.For two years I ran my business using more of an `` account-oriented '' software package . It required that I speak double-entry bookkeeping as a fluent second language . QuickBooks , by contrast , shields you from most of the drudgery . You can drill down to look at the bare ledgers if you want to , but most of the time you can just work with your friendly old checkbook register . I reckon that it takes me about half the time to run the books for my $ 2 Million company , which saves me maybe a day a week.So why not five stars ? Intuits marketing policies really are intrusive . You 'll get a lot of pop-ups as you go through your daily tasks , shaking you down to buy other Intuit products . Mercifully , I have seldom had to use their customer service.Overall I have satisfied with the product , and grateful for the time it saves me , and I think it is sold at a fair price .
 Excellent tool for small business . Takes a while to get the correct use of it , particularly what accounts to use if you do not have an accounting background . The quick tours are vey helpful . The number of transactions that have to be carried out are a little tedious , but so it 's keeping accounting books .
 I just purchased QuickBooksPro and I realized that I also need the Customer Manager software , unfortunately this is not included in the PRO and it must be purchased separately.With Customer Manager I can easily manage all my clients and quotes that we get into our online store -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 'm being forced by Bank of America 's online banking system to upgrade to QB 2005 from QB 2002 . I did n't want to do it because the last time I upgraded , from 1999 to 2002 , Intuit moved everything around and it took awhile to figure it all out . basically relearn the program . Not so this time ... so far , I have n't had any problems figuring 2005 out ; everything seems to be where it was in 2002 . I am sure some stuff has changed , but in the few times I 've used 2005 , it has been seamless.I am not at all sure I will use all the features that have been added since 2002 ; I am really only upgrading because my bank requires it , and the full-service online banking/Quickbooks integration offered by a VERY FEW major banks is so easy to use and offers signficant time savings over writing/printing checks . -LRB- In other words , yes , the time/hassle savings is worth the $ 15/mo . charged by Bank of America to get full integration ... I specifically chose this bank for our accounts because it integrated with QB . I have also used the same integration with another bank , U.S. Bank , and it worked equally as well . -RRB- I have not seen any ads in 2005 nor have I been pushed to use/order any of their optional services , so I do n't have a clue what those folks in the reviews below are talking about ... perhaps I will see these down the road . But so what ? Life is full of ads . That sucks , move on.Yes , I do n't like Intuit as a rule . They are pushy and they will nickle and dime you every chance they get , and they put serious restrictions on copying their software . But as a businessman , I am not so sure I would n't do these things myself if I was Intuit 's CEO.Quickbooks is still the best overall accounting program for small business . -LRB- And TurboTax for Business is still the best -LRB- only -RRB- tax program for corporations and LLCs . -RRB- Life 's too short to spend it worrying about accounting software . Quit whining
 Quick Books Pro is a good value for its cost . It is far superior to Quick Books especially its cost accounting ability . Unfortunately many users do n't take full advantage of its features . Not only does the cost accounting provide valuable information , in service oriented business the use of the time card and allocation of employees ' time to various jobs gives a truer cost of a project than estimates . I really recommend this package if you are a small business .
 I have been working in the accounting field for over 15 years , and from working as a bookkeeper to working as the controller of a company , I have always relied upon Quickbooks . I have found it not only easy to use personally , but very easy to train others to use . If you have to work , work with Quickbooks , you will not regret your decision .
 I have been using QuickBooks since 2003 and have always enjoyed this financial software . I use Quicken for my personal finances , but QuickBooks is far superior . The 2005 version is very similiar to pervious versions , but they have made it extremely user-friendly . I have a member of my staff who is not very computer savvy , but she has done very well with this QuickBooks program . The only complaint I have has been with the installation onto my new laptop computer . It was extremely difficult ! I called the customer service line to get help and the man that helped me was quick in diagnosing the problem . He walked me through the entire installation process and was very friendly . That is why , even with the installation problems , I still give the 2005 version of QuickBooks 5 stars !
 I just started up a new business , QuickBooks has been a lifesaver . The instructions are very easy to understand and easy to use . Doing my book work is almost fun with QuickBooks .
 I know there are a lot of reviews slamming this product , but they are mostly unfounded . I have been using each new release of QuickBooks Pro since 2002 . I have to say that every new version improves upon the previous one in many ways . For example , this version makes it MUCH easier for me to reconcile my merchant account transactions with my bank statement . It can even organize your transactions in batches and allows you to download any merchant account fees associated with those batches . This alone was a great reason for me to upgrade and was well worth the money spent . I even got a nice $ 100 rebate .
 Very user friendly , helpful to a small business . Guided step-by-step to get started . Than there are many other uses once it is initially set up . Great investment for the money .
 As a small church , we 've been impressed with the Quickbooks products . It is user friendly and can be adapted to the needs of a church with little difficulty . The software package is reliable and does not break down often -LRB- if at all -RRB- .
 This has really helped my company in increasing effeciency . It is pretty easy to use .
 I am very sad to read so many insults against Intuit and the `` Need to update their software '' . What people must consider is with each `` Update '' there are many new features that can be put to use immediately . As for Payroll and the necessary features and updates , we can all thank our current tax system . We have a complicated taxing system , yet Intuit Payroll -LRB- especially the Enhanced version -RRB- simplifies payroll by populating the many federal and state forms required of the small business person . Should you have an accountant overlook your system ? I would say YES , regardless of WHAT system you use . Having a trained accountant , or if you are using Quickbooks , a Quickbooks Certified ProAdvisor . The assurance that your system is setup properly AND you are using all the features are worth the expense . Also , if you have the right accountant you should be getting tax advice and tips . All in all , keeping up with technology should be an integral part of your business plan . I have used many types of software and as an accountant I found QuickBooks is geared for the small to average business and requires minor accounting knowledge . However , saying that I will admit a trained accountant should review the system periodically for accuracy and compliance issues.Diane OffuttWoodstock , Georgia
 product was as described and functioned perfectly . got it quickly . thanks .
 I have recently started a small business . As most entreprenuers , I had the savy and technical knwledge , but no accounting . Quickbooks is very thorough , but can be difficult at first if you try to wing it without instructions . I give this 5 stars
 I used Dac Easy -LRB- Sage Software -RRB- for 6 years and just switched to Quick Books Pro . QBP is light years easier than Dac Easy . What took me so long ?
 Need it be said again ... Quickbooks continues to dominate . A full-featured accounting system with intuitive functionality and amazing flexibility at an affordable price from a caring company . Hmmm . How do the others keep their market share ?
 I recently got Quick Books 2005 . The previous version I had was 2002 . They have made so many chages in the program to make things easier . I love the newer version . I am not even an accountant , but the software makes it easy. : -RRB-
 I purchased Quick Books for a new business and have found it to be easy to use and helpful to track payables and receipts . Amazon service was very good .
 The item whas worked well . I was a little bit confused about the mail-in-rebate . It stated that I needed to have owned a previous version to get the rebate . The product is great though .
 Highly recommend Quickbooks Pro for small businesses . I have been using Quickbooks since 1996 and other Intuit products including TurboTax for Business since 2000 for filing my corporate taxes . The key to using QB is the intial setup for your particular business .
 This is working out pretty well overall . Our business has been using it for 1 year now , and we have to look back and say it was great , helped us in many ways . Of course there are a few annoying things -LRB- we like to write long estimate proposals and it only allows line by line entries-it assumes you are selling items ! -RRB- . On the positive side we love that it backs up to . mac service every time you quit program , and it has never crashed , very robust . This was an easy and natural progression from Quicken .
 Excellent product with useful new features since 2003 version . Only problem seems to be initialization time seems to get longer with each version !
 The software came in the time promised and was in the condition it was advertised in and had the features that were listed . I would purchase from this vendor again
 When I bought this item I did n't realize that the seller was in Hawaii as I 'm on the island of Antigua a land mass and more miles to the east . The item arrived as if I had ordered it from Florida and was in perfect condition . The price was extremely reasonable and I would recommend the product and the seller to anyone .
 I purchase quickbooks in 2005 and still use it in 2009 . I updated my quickbooks in 2008 . This is a great product for any business .
 Seller was very prompt . Item was exactly as described.I even e-mailed him to have the item shipped sooner and he e-mailed me back in the same day and upgraded shipping at no cost to me . He was very accomodating .
 This is a great product . It is easy to learn and use . It sure has saved me time and helps me save on taxes because I enter stuff now that I use to forget about or throw away .
 If you do n't upgrade QB does n't let you do certain things and you loose options . However , the program is great and it dominates against competing products .
 ... to upgrade to QuickBooks Pro 2005 after reading the reviews here on Amazon . Having received an e-mail from Intuit saying that they were ` sunsetting ' QuickBooks pro 2002 from April and I would no longer have access to email for invoices etc. . . I `` decided '' to bite the bullet and upgrade.The purchaseI received a discount for upgrading my single user version and used the internet to activate the product . It went smoothly . The installation CD arrived promptly in the mail , well packaged . I also decided to buy the 5 user edition for work since I network qbooks That arrived promptly -LSB- actually the two came together -RSB- . The installationI decided to TEST at HOME first on backup data and to do a clean install and an upgrade . OK . The clean install was flawless . The internet activation as painless and I was up and running ! GOOD.Next came the 5 user edition ; I did an upgrade on the second computer and that went flawless . Next the internet was used to activate the product . No problems!So far so good ; Now to WORK and test it on REAL data ! I did this on a day I took off , just in case the horror stories came true ! First the server upgrade . Problems ... program stuck installing some dot NET program . . took forever -LSB- an hour actually -RSB- . Hmm . Rebooted , no go . Hmm Shut down and restarted , , . . where is the manual ? ... AH.I see . . ! . the ANTIVIRUS software ! . . Turned OFF Norton antivirus ! Now flawless installation ! ... -LSB- heh heh REAL men do n't read manuals -RSB- . The activationNow to product activation ... call a number . No problem answered promptly and was directed by prompts to activation , now a REAL live person '' Mike '' yeah , he had an accent but I guess I had an accent to him as well ! He was real pleasant . I explained that I had purchased a 5 user edition , used one activation on my computer at home via the internet and needed to install at least 2 others at work . No problem . He checked my registration , gave me a code . . yeah , , but would I have to call back to activate the other computers ? No . . the code would work for the others . . He waited on line while I entered the code . Presto ! Instant activation . No problems . The program installed flawlessly on the other computer and the network worked instantly . The whole process took about 5 minutes ! Painless.The programThe GOOD : It is significantly faster than QuickBooks pro 2002 . There is scheduled backup and the backup process is a lot faster . Passwords are case sensitive ; if you forget the caps lock key then problems ... this happened to me once.Joy of JOYS ... refunds , write offs and under and over payments are now easy as one click . Issuing refund checks is easy as pie . In the previous 2002 version , to issue a refund or writing off bad debts required several complicated maneuvers that ended up confusing the accountant and me!The screens are friendlier and better laid out . Easier search for invoices etc. . If you have used QB before you will have no problems.I have not seen any intrusive ads or banners advertising products . The check reminder popped up and I set it to the number that I wanted . It has n't bothered me since . Yes , I use Intuit checks and they are lovely ! Highly recommended.My accountant loves the program and Invoices estimates etc can be emailed as pdf attachments.The BADNo manual payroll . I would have thought that certain editions for businesses would allow the truly small business owner to manually enter payroll say for up to 10 employees . More that that would require subscription to the payroll service.Invoices when paid should automatically enter the payment method on them . I mean you have already entered the payment by cash , check or credit card to pay the invoice . When printed it should say $ 800 pd by check QQQ 15562 or VISA **** 1025 or cash . This has to be done manually or one has to use a sales receipt . I do not issue sales receipts in my business.No multiple currency support.Yes , we generally use one currency but for truly international sales or customers , they may pay in a different currency and QB should be able to set up foreign currency accounts and automatically convert it to your base currency . As it stands now I have to set up a bank account in the foreign currency and manually convert to base currency in a sub account . Tedious , flawed and unnecessary.Importation of AIF file impossible . My account made some changes and I tried to import the file . The program said that it needed to be the same file with no changes made to the original . In other words , I can do no business until the accountant is finished if I want to import his changes . Ridiculous !! Overall . 4 stars . It is very good but there is enough room for improvement for the small business owner . No need to be afraid . Purchase with confidence !
 Very reliable , a lot of features and very easy to use.Don ' t listen to the naysayers ... read the professonal and specialized reviews instead ... http://www.scansoft.com/paperport/reviews/
 I 've been using Paperport for over 10 years . I 've been using Paperport 9 Deluxe since it came out about 4 years ago , and just tried Paperport 12 . Believe me , Paperport 9 Deluxe is a great program . It is fast , simple to use , and does just about everything I need it to do . Since issue 9 , Nuance has tried to make the program do a bunch of fancy stuff , and they have ruined it . This is the issue to own . If anybody at Nuance reads this , here 's a message for you
 I 've used PaperPort 9 for about 3 years , currently running under Win XP . I love it , my wife loves it , I have bought it for my kids , and recommend it to others . A lawyer friend of mine raves about it . I 've had no problems with it . -LRB- I had to downlaod and install an upgrade , but more recent production probably has the upgrade already incorporated . -RRB- I download bank and credit card statements and other documents to it from the Internet ; I store faxed documents in it ; I scan checks before I deposit them ; I use it to convert documents to pdf so I can e-mail them . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that I wish it were more convenient to do a couple of things ; maybe V. 10 adds those features , but for the money , V. 9 is a bargain . I just wish I had a faster scanner -LRB- what do you expect for $ 60 ? -RRB- so I could get rid of more paper documents . Highly recommended as a start toward the paperless office .
 Works well most -LRB- 95 % -RRB- of the time . Slight improvement over v8 .
 I wanted to go paperless for all my docs at home . This product did the job perfectly ! Works great with my Acer scanner . I have not had any problems . Scans in multi-page documents great .
 Paperport is not the first document management program I have used , but it is the best . Version 9 has a great feature of scanning to PDF , which I set as the default save file type -LRB- otherwise , it scans to Paperport 's proprietary MAX format -RRB- . Paperport allows you to significantly decrease your paper count , as documents that you may have held on to can now be scanned and discarded . You can create any number of folders to categorize the scanned documents.Paperport has been extremely reliable and has not given any problems in working with my Epson scanner . I 've noticed that many of the negative reviews outline problems in doing more complex tasks such as batch conversion of files . As my workload is much simpler , I have n't used these advanced features and have n't run into any problems . And Paperport definitely beats any other document management software out on the market.The scanning workflow in Paperport is a little awkward for multi-page documents , and you are indeed limited to having `` My Paperport documents '' be the default folder for storing your files . This has n't been too much of a problem for me yet , as long as I remember to back up that folder along with everything else . Overall , Paperport has uncluttered my office area quite a bit since I started using it .
 I absolutely love this program . Easy to install and fast . I have converted many documents to electrons using Paperport version # 9 and I love it . It converts them to . pdf files quickly and automatically and they print as fast as any other documents . I am in the process of converting all my files from paper to electrons and this software is the most saytisfying I have purchased in quite a while . No installation problems -LRB- Win XP pro and a Pentium 4 - 2.8 . -RRB- . Absolutely love it .
 I scanned a decade worth of personal papers like tax returns and such into Paperport 9 Deluxe . I move around a lot and I am glad to turn all those papers into electrons . I have a HP All in One printer , the HP 5510 . I have never had any problems with the software . It parks all your documents into thumbnails which are easy to view without opening them . The software is just basically like having a big file cabinet . The only two critisms I can make is one
 After reading all the negative review , I was going to pass on this version - that would have been a mistake . Installation on an XP Based Dell with HP7130 multi went quite smoothly . Loaded an update and rebooted - all were recognized and functioning quite smoothly . This was installed over Version 6.0 Paperport . While converting files from max to pdf was a bit of a problem - that was a one time -LRB- though fairly lengthy -RRB- procedure.While it does create a default directory -LRB- which is differenet from the one I actually use -RRB- - in the options you can direct it to open up from where you left off . So I just directed it to my regular directory . The other one still is there but basically as an empty line.Pros
 I am really impressed with the new PaperPort Pro Office . I read the PC Magazine review -LRB- 5-of-5 Stars -RRB- which was very favorable , but I did n't expect to be this pleased . I get PDF creation , scan to PDF , document management and photo-thumbnails all in one application . It does something I have n't seen anywhere else - it lets me stack and unstack my digital documents as if they were paper ! This is really useful for anyone who is trying to combine Word pages with Excel or PowerPoint pages . Simply convert each into PDF , then order the pages.The program adds document management to my current folders . I just Added Folders to the file tree view , and there it was . It includes an OCR engine for indexing scanned paper , faxes , etc. so I can find paper , PDF , photos and digital documents in one search -LRB- something I ca n't do with Windows Explorer -RRB- . It lets me add meta data to my digital photo 's , and searches on that.It is really a bargain ... especially when you add up what it would cost to get Acrobat , a document management app , and photo-thumbnails . I am using it on Windows XP and it works great .
 I have been using PaperPort for over four years . It is an outstanding product that everyone should own . I have loaded thousands of documents onto my computer , emptying an entire filing cabinet . I have also eliminated the filing of incoming bills , invoices , and other things that come in the mail . Now I never have to ask myself , `` should I keep this ? '' . I just scan it and toss it in the trash . For critical documents , I scan and then toss them in a rubber container that I save as a backup . Nothing collects around my home or office.Windows `` My Documents '' IntegrationI have integrated PaperPort with Windows XP 's `` My Documents '' allowing me to view and manage all of my documents , photos , PDFs , and scaned document through a single file structure manageable through PaperPort . There is no better gain in productivity than having your whole work life in a single structure accessible through a single powerful tool . PaperPort will turn your images , scans , and saved Office documents into thumbnails , so you can find what you 're looking for visually , and it will OCR them into its search engine , so you can search for that important document by a keyword . Additionally , anything you can print , you can send directly to PaperPort using PaperPort 's faux print driver.Productivity GainerAll document formats -LRB- Scans , PDFs , Excel , Word , etc -RRB- come together through a single view of multiple thumbnail images . Click on a folder in the folder structure on the left , and all of the documents appear as small images on the right . `` Color code '' your folders -LRB- i.e. directories -RRB- so you can find what you need visually . Want to send someone a scanned document in another format , such as TIF ? Just right click on the document and export it to the TIF format or any supported format you would like . Want to find all scanned and saved documents that contain `` BMW '' ? Just type it in to the search feature and your whole auto history appears.Digital PhotographyI also use PaperPort with my Canon digital camera . I use it to manage my photos and to turn them into websites , complete with thumbnails and descriptions . Through the automatic website creation feature , family and friends are able to see my selected photos . They visit my PaperPort created website , click on the thumbnails , and see a larger image . I also take digital photos of `` whiteboard '' diagrams at work and keep them in PaperPort.ConclusionThere are few programs that have done so much to move people from the paper world to a document management world . Do n't hire an organization expert or get a bigger office , just buy PaperPort and a fast scanner -LRB- USB 2.0 or SCSI -RRB- with an automatic document feeder -LRB- ADF -RRB- or buy something like the HP1220 document feed scanner/laser printer combo , and move your life to PaperPort .
 I am a long time user of PaperPort , and I think this verison is by far the best . By basing the entire product on the PDF file format , PaperPort is now one of the most useful products on my machine . The speed and stability issues mentioned in reviews above have all been ironed out in 3 service packs released over the last several months , and the last pack seems to fix all the major issues . Why is this version so godd ? - I can create PDF files from any type of document -LRB- Word , Excel , PowerPoint , etc. -RRB- and combine them right on the PaperPort desktop by right-clicking and stacking . - I can scan paper documents into PDF , add electronic annotations and then email them to lawyers , accountants , mortgage brokers and all the other people who ask me to fax them things . It is so much faster and reliable to email instead , and with PDF files , I know they can open it on their computer and see it just as I did . - The new `` batch processing '' feature lets me clean-up multiple scanned documents at one time and also apply a clean-up operation to all the pages of a single document . This is way better than it was in v8.These are just a few of the reasons why the new verison is great . As further proof of this , PC Magazine named PaperPort one of the top 100 technologies for 2003 -LRB- one of only 6 productivity software titles along with Microsoft Office 2003 and QuickBooks . -RRB- Smart Computing put PaperPort on its top 50 list , and there are numerous other great reviews out there as well.Don ' t let the few angry people here give you the wrong idea about PaperPort 9 . It 's great .
 I have been a dedicated PaperPort user for many years . I was surprised when I went to purchase the product and saw all of these terrible reviews . Since I had such a good experience for so many years I decided to give it a try . ScanSoft offers a 30 day refund policy there was no way I could loose . After using the product for a few weeks , I have found that this new version is the best yet . The software is much easier to use and faster when scanning large batches of documents . I have been using the FormTyper feature and found it very useful for completing paper documnts with information and saving a copy for my records - much easier than completing them by hand and then making a copy . I also have been using the tools to edit pictures from my digital camera .
 I saw a pretty negative review of PaperPort on here , and all I can say is that I have had a 180 degree experience - I love it . First , I was able to add my existing folders and files to the tree view with a right click > > add folders , so it I did n't have to use the default folder view . I actually mapped a network drive to it as easy as Windows Explorer . The PDF it creates works fine , and I 've shared documents with people using free reader with ease . I get PDF , document management , workflow and more for a price that is well below Acrobat - which basically creates and annotates PDF .
 PaperPort has changed the way my company does business . With it 's scan to PDF and PDF creation abilities we have turned piles of paper credit applications into electronic documents that we can easily email , store and quickly retrieve when needed by using the SimpleSearch feature . My word processors use batch processing to perform tasks on groups of documents to save even more time when reviewing the applications before we send them to their respective card issuers for approval or denial . We used to process about 2,000 applications a day , now with the help of PaperPort we can easily process over 10,000 a day with the same number of staff !
 I had been using Dragon 6 Preferred . I upgraded to Dragon 7 medical . It 's a huge change . The dragon 6 program was essentially unusable because of the frequency of errors . Errors are few and far between now . The whole speech recognition engine is dramatically improved . The medical vocabulary recognition is also very impressive . I wrestled with whether to make the upgrade for several weeks believing that it might be only marginal . It is actually a major step forward . I suspect that this program of we 'll change the field of medical transcription . By the way , I have tried the program on several computers and not send the requirement for any special hardware .
 I have been using version 5 Preferred of this product since it came out and was generally satisfied . Version 7 is such an improvement and requires very little editing . I agree with other reviewers that the included microphone is inferior and that the program still does n't navigate menus for you very well . If what you need is a program to do your word processing for you , then this is the program for you .
 The improvement of Version 7 Preferred over early versions -LRB- I had 3 before -RRB- is incredible . This current version trains extremely quickly and the accuracy is remarkable . I frankly had finally stopped using my old product -LRB- it was n't worth the bother -RRB- , but with this version , I am back to using VR .
 Please make sure you buy this one and not the 5.0 version which is an old version . Version 7.0 is much more accurate than IBM Via Voice . Dragon 7.0 even allows to command your pc , browser etc.The dictation mode is excellent and the training is so simple and short -LRB- few minutes -RRB- . I still do n't understand why we not everybody uses Dragon at the office . It s so much more productive , faster and easier to dictate than to type.You ca n't go wrong with this software .
 This is a remarkable piece of technology . Voice recongition is a fantastic development , particuarly for people who fin typing at speed difficult.This application is very easy to master . The commands are simple , and intuitive.The accuracy of the programme is remarkable.As a resaonably self taught typist , I use Naturally Speaking when brainstorming ideas , and when I am walking around the room , free from the hinderance of being tied to a desk.I suspect , the next version will be even better .
 I recently upgraded from version 5 of Dragon NaturallySpeaking . I find that version 7 has better and faster recognition than the previous versions . I had a little trouble just now getting it to insert text into this text field in Internet Explorer . But once it got going , it is much easier to dictate corrections to text here than in previous versions.Any voice dictation system is going to be more annoying to use than keyboard and mouse , if a keyboard and mouse are easy for you to use . For those -LRB- like me -RRB- with a typing injury , this program quickly and simply takes away the need for you to type lots of text . Unless you have some sort of physical injury , I still recommend that you use the mouse and keyboard to do anything that you find annoying to do by voice.I definitely recommend this product , especially if you can find it at a good price . And yes , I DID use it to dictate this review !
 I have been using Dragon NaturallySpeaking 74 approximately a year now at work and at home . I have carpal and cubital tunnel syndrome is ; therefore , I need a product to help me . I do a great deal of writing.I am dictating his review into Microsoft Word and will not make any corrections to it . You will then get an idea of its accuracy.The program works rather well . However , it does make a fair number of the patient mistakes , which requires a lot of time-consuming editing . Nonetheless , I can not work or surf the Web without this program . If you have some sort of disability , it is a lifesaver.The program is rather resource-intensive . I used and him 4 computers with 2.2 and 2.6 GHz ; each has 512 megabytes RAM . -LSB- `` I used and him 4 '' should read `` I use Pentium 4 '' . -RSB- My system will often go slow when I am doing a great deal of dictating and making many corrections . The program learns your voice the more you use it ; therefore , it keeps corrections in its memory so that it will not make the same mistake later.I highly recommend this program for anyone who physically has a hard time using the keyboard and mouse . I suspect that everybody will be using voice recognition software in 3-5 years as the technology advances . I have used several versions of NaturallySpeaking and they continue to improve .
 I purchased the software because it 's getting very difficult to use the keyboard and mouse due to a neuromuscular disease . I have the software for two days now and it is doing well for replacing the keyboard . I have what Doctors call a `` thick speech '' and people have a hard time understand what I 'm saying . The teaching tool is working well , and already the program understands me almost as well as people.The one thing I was hoping would be a little better , is the commands . Navigating around windows without using a mouse is difficult and it does n't work well with Microsoft Outlook unless you have a professional version . It 's good with Internet Explorer but surfing the Web with other browsers is rather difficult if you 're trying to avoid using a mouse . It would be nice if you could download program specific commands from a web site or create your own macros.My final thoughts , This is proving to be a valuable tool for replacing the keyboard , but I am finding myself searching for a different method to replace the mouse .
 I am a counselor and need to make notes on the counseling sessions I have with my clients . Dragon has enabled me to speed up that process tremendously . I was finding my hand getting weary of writing halfway through the day and now I can let the computer do all the work . I thought it would be hard to set up the software to my voice -LRB- since I 'm southern -RRB- , but it was n't hard at all and not time-consuming like I thought it would be . I highly recommend this product for anyone who has to do a lot of documentation .
 I read all the horror stories about Dragon Naturally Speaking version 7 , and was reluctant to purchase the product . I also read reviews about IBM ViaVoice , and was reluctant to purchase that one as well . I subsequently decided to get Dragon Naturally Speaking version 7 based purely on features available . However , my local retailer was out of the product and informed me that version 8 was soon to be released.I bit the bullet last night and purchased Naturally Speaking Preferred version 8 , and hoped that I would not have the same problems that many of the previous reviewers had with version 7 . I opened the package , put in the CD-ROM and proceeded with the install wizard . My first attempt was a relative disaster , giving an error number 1335 , explaining that there was a cab file that could not be found because
 I recently purchased Naturally Speaking 7.0 preferred to use in digitizing our family 's genealogy histories , and received the program last night . After playing around with the program last night and this morning , I can report that it works surprisingly well ; I had high hopes for this software , and they have all been met . After completing the online tutorials , the software was very efficient in understanding my voice . When it did n't pick up a word -LRB- it would n't understand me when I said `` approximately '' or my wife when she said `` wow '' -RRB- , I used the add vocabulary function and `` trained '' the program to understand the new word . I found that the program instantly recognized what I had just added.It runs well on my Windows XP -LRB- AMD 3ghz , 1 gig memory -RRB- , and I have n't noticed any difference in quality when working in the dragonpad or word -LRB- which has been mentioned by some reviewers -RRB- . The playback function -LRB- it will play back a recording of your voice from anywhere in a document you just entered -RRB- is very useful in identifying and correcting translation mistakes -LRB- wish Preferred version allowed me to save the digital file - only in Pro -RRB- . I am using a Plantronics Audio90 headset , and am happy with the results -LRB- the A90 mic is very good , the earphones fairly comfortable ; after an hour 's use , I did n't experience any discomfort -RRB- . The select , mark-up , and cursor moving functions are very intuitive , and I can foresee that , with a little practice and time getting to know the software , it will become second-nature to dictate . Both my wife and I set up user files , and there was no problem moving between each of those.While I have n't used the program for very long , I 'm very impressed , and I 'm not easily impressed re
 I edited this review in an attempt to make it more helpful on 9/07 . I 've now used this same version for almost 3 years.I have used DNS since v. 4 and this is the only version that has met my expectation - that I should be able to talk and the software will be mostly accurate when turning my speech into text ! I have found no need to upgrade to more recent versions.This version makes it much easier to correct and add new words.While you can use a headset with microphone -LRB- one with the specs that will work with DNS -RRB- , I choose to use a dictation device , the Sony ICD-BM1 digital recorder . I dictate into the recorder then hook it up to my laptop via USB and it translates into text . To my knowledge , this is one of the only affordable software still out there that will do this well.This version still requires that you train it by the tedious process of reading long stories as found in prior versions . It does not easily train without doing this process.I would like this version to have multiple custom vocabularies . I would use one vocabulary for research , one for my profession , and another for personal use.Still a great product overall .
 DNS 8 is awesome ! See the video -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I just got it today , I 'm having fun , learning how to use this . I ca n't help but laugh when it makes mistakes , but I will keep trying to get teach it to be more accurate .
 To Whomever it may concern : This is a great tool . I would love to have one . I think many people would , especially if they write a lot . Still , I am a MacIntosh user and can not use this platform . ... or so I think.Go Figure,rdawkans@bellsouth.net
 I just bought Dragon NaturallySpeaking and I 've already had a lot of success with it . If you 're considering this product , I 'd highly recommend it . Initially , I bought it because I 'm a lawyer and do a lot of dictating anyway . But I also like to see the words on the screen , which is why I sometimes prefer to type things myself . I figured that Dragon NaturallySpeaking would be the best of both worlds . So far , it 's worked pretty well for me . But keep in mind that the software does n't work perfectly right out of the box . Based on my brief experience with the product , there are several keys to success.The first is to put in the time doing the voice-recognition training . Unless you teach the software to recognize your voice , it just wo n't work correctly . There 's simply no getting around this . Although it may seem tedious at first , the training will pay off . -LRB- Besides , some of the training exercises on the software are very entertaining . For example , you can read President Kennedy 's inspiring inaugural address or an excerpt from `` Dogbert 's Top Secret Management Handbook . '' -RRB- I spent at least an hour or two training the software when it first arrived and , believe me , it was time well spent . After the initial training period , the more you use it the better it gets because it is constantly `` learning '' from its mistakes . As another reviewer has suggested , it probably takes about two months before you 'll be really impressed with the product 's potential . -LRB- But I 'm pretty impressed after only a few weeks ! -RRB- The second is to buy a decent microphone . A lot of reviewers recommend a USB microphone , but an expensive USB model probably is n't necessary . I have an analog microphone -LRB- a Plantronics . Audio 90 -RRB- and it works just fine . This particular model was far less expensive than most USB microphones that I 've seen . The key is to find one that will allow you to position the microphone correctly in relation to your mouth . As the instructions tell you , the positioning of the microphone is essential . Frankly , the one that was included with the software just was n't up to the task . It always seemed to be too close to my mouth and I was getting very poor results . But as soon as I started using the Plantronics , the accuracy of the software improved dramatically . Trust me , you 'll be a a lot happier with the software if you spend a few extra bucks on a good microphone.Third , although it may seem counterintuitive , you should always speak quickly and naturally when dictating , rather than one word at a time . For some reason , the software is far more accurate when you do . Of course , this is a two-edged sword . If you 're really `` on a roll , '' and speaking quickly , the software is very accurate . On the other hand , when you just want to insert a word here or there , it really is n't . Consequently , I find that you still have to do some mouse movements when editing your documents . So , although Dragon NaturallySpeaking promises virtually hands-free operation of your computer , do n't expect miracles , at least not at first.Finally , until you really start to master the product , you should probably use the text editor that 's included with the software . It 's called `` DragonPad , '' and I 've found that the voice recognition is somewhat more accurate when used with this program than it is with , say , Word or Outlook . Do n't ask me why . Besides , it 's really not that much of a bother . You can simply cut and paste from DragonPad into whatever application you may be using . When you first start using Dragon NaturallySpeaking , the increased accuracy is worth the extra step . You tend to get less frustrated when it 's working the way it 's supposed to.I hope these tips help . Have fun , and remember that practice makes perfect . -LRB- Yes , this review was dictated using Dragon NaturallySpeaking . -RRB-
 First , unless you are extremely serious about using voice to enter text , this program is not for you . It does n't allow you to surf the net easily , as advertised . Many of its features , while sounding great , are more of a pain to use than doing it manually . -LRB- Similar to spending an hour on the web trying to answer a question or picking up the telephone and have a reference librarian answer the question in less than five minutes . -RRB- One more disadvantage
 The new version of Dragon NaturallySpeaking is the best they have put out yet . I have had every version starting with number four . Be sure to get the preferred or professional version because they have a brand-new speech to text engine that is excellent and far exceeds everything they have put out in the past . I use the medical solutions eddition and I love it.Correcting mistakes is easier than it used to be . The computer program learns quickly from your corrections . It even gets most names spelled properly the first time . It is quicker than previous versions.Voice-recognition is not for everyone , however . It will require that you take some time to set it up properly . You 'll have to practice dictating . It is also ideal if you already have a number of documents that you have worked on in the past that it can learn from . It will get used to your vocabulary that way . For it to work its best , you need to correct it when it makes a mistake . You need a quiet room . You need a digital microphone -- which comes with higher versions . You also need a fairly decent computer .
 I think this is a significant improvement over version 6 . This actually works . I had no problems installing -LRB- win 2k pro -RRB- , and unlike version 6 , training new words was relatively painless and rapid . I need to dictate medical notes , and this actually works , whereas version 6 had too many errors . You do need to spend a lot of time teaching it all the many technical terms . I have not yet tried using it for commands . I do note that the learning curve is high . You really need to read the manual -LRB- egads ! -RRB- to learn all the different spoken commands by heart , learn how to make corrections , and navigate within the documents . I think that the learning curve is probably equally high in any voice recognition program . Do n't expect to use this program right out of the box.By the way , if you are interested in convenience , I highly recommend the Telex M-560 microphone , which is a highly directional mike . It is MUCH more convenient than using a headset . You just set it on the desk , and point it at your face . No more problems hooking up the microphone just so . Works great with Naturally Speaking .
 I am writing this review by using the actual product itself . I will not correct any mistakes it makes . As you can see , my accuracy level is fairly high , and I am very satisfied with the progress I have made so far . This is only my second day using the product , and already I have used it to send numerous e-mail , Word files , Excel files , and reviews such as this one . I ca n't tell you how exciting it is to see the spoken word appear as if by magic on the screen without having to touch the keyboard at all . This product is amazing ! I will recommend it to all my friends and family without hesitation . I 'm pretty confident that over the next few days as it recognises my voice more and more , I will overtake my typing speed and my whole desktop computing experience will become a hands-free zone . This this product will revolutionise the way we were , and I 'm fairly sure that in the next three to five years voice recognition software will become far more mainstream and it is today.My wild tip for getting the best out of this product is to make sure that you have a decent microphone and that you have positioned it correctly , in my case I have found that about 1 in . away from my mouth is just about right . Also , please do not skip the training section , if you spend a couple of hours diligently doing White says , then the payoff will be significant in the future.So this is the end of my review . I have not use my hands once . There are a couple of mistakes , but I think the accuracy rate is up to about 95 % in this review . Pretty amazing when you consider that I have only had the product for two days ! My congratulations to all those involved with this product , and I can not wait for future upgrades . Thank you one and all .
 I first wrote my review a few weeks after using this product . I have since used the product for 6 months and am back to write a more updated , thorough review.First , yes , it works with WordPerfect . Prior to buying it , I was n't sure that it did . None of the reviews or the product information told me whether it was compatible with WordPerfect.Second , I am a lawyer . Was n't sure it would learn `` lawyer words . '' No problem . The program lets you load up your legal documents into its system and learns the words . Very easy to do . As such , when you start spitting out legal jargon , it spits out the correct words . ONE HUGE TIP
 My daughter enjoyed this program . She learned a lot of different words . The animations are clever and she enjoyed completing the spaceship to get Quixel home.This is a good program to build a foreign language vocabulary .
 Go with the Dragon Prefered version it has much more capabilities , but the 7 Standard is already very good I must say
 Naturally Speaking Standard 7 is the best voice recognition software I have used since I first began using voice software in 1998 . I have had other software programs , but I have found Dragon to be the best . I have versions 5 , 6 and now 7 . I find version 7 sophisticated and accurate . In using the software , I experienced no problems with getting it to adjust to my voice patterns . I estimate a 96.5 to 97.5 percent accuracy on the very first run when dictating at an average speed . The clearer I speak , the more the accuracy improved . I use the headphones/microphone that comes with it . I have found that the best way to use this software is to speak as if I were a newscaster - no slang , minimal accent of slurring of words , and simple emphasis on key words . I use this software for graduate level research writing . It requires some training , but this software is a lifesaver -LRB- ie huge time saver -RRB- . If you have been told like me , `` If only you could write as well as you speak '' , then buy Dragon Naturally Speaking 7 , you will be amazed how easy it is to use . Caution though , your computer must have the minimum recommended capabilities , or you will get disappointing results . Enjoy !
 I 'm a direct response copywriter , which means that I often have to key in great quantities of text . Unfortunately , I am also a sufferer of carpal tunnel syndrome.Although I 've only had this program for a few days , I find it has taken a lot of the stress out of inputting copy.As another user suggested , it seems best to dictate the words , and use your mouse or keyboard for formatting.The program works very well with e-mail and word processing . But as an added bonus , it seems to give you control over most functions of any Windows program!For example , when your desktop is on the screen , you say `` open Microsoft Word , '' and the program opens . Whoah , beam me up , Scotty ! I would imagine that this program could be very useful to people with injuries or disabilities , not to mention `` lending a hand '' when your hands are full.The program does make some recognition errors , but then I do suffer a bit from marble-mouth myself . Fortunately , it 's easy to correct mistakes by selecting the words in error , and then saying the correct word or selecting one of the choices the program presents you.Surprisingly , the program invites you to speak at your normal speed . Not to slow down as some earlier dictation programs forced you to do . There are also some passages they give you to read into the supplied headset microphone to improve the accuracy of the recognition.They say it takes about two weeks to optimize the program for your speaking pattern . I find the other challenge is simply getting used to dictation ; as a touch typist and self-employed individual , I 'm not accustomed to dictating documents to a secretary!The only reason I 'm not giving this program five stars is because of the developer 's stingy user support , as reported by other users here . When are manufacturers going to learn that it is imperative to provide a toll-free number for customers to call with product problems , and that customers should NOT be charged for the privilege either?Still , until another developer creates a product as good as this , NaturallySpeaking is probably the only game in town .
 I have been using this software about a month . The improvement in accuracy has been nothing short of amazing . Yes , like other reviewers who have had good results , I spent the time and patience it took to train the system . I 'm just a little annoyed that ScanSoft has recently dropped the price of its Preferred version , and not offered those of use with the Standard version an opportunity to upgrade at a reasonable price . But , as I build the recognition vocabulary , and since I do n't work with Microsoft Office apps -LRB- I use Text Pad to review the spelling and spacing of the dictated materials -RRB- , I 'm not sure that the higher-priced version would have been that much more useful , given my work habits .
 I bought this version before I bought a Sony digital voice recorder and later learned you need at least version 8 -LRB- Standard -RRB- to use it in combination with a digital voice recorder . I was able to buy Version 8 very inexpensively here as well .
 The ` Essentials ' version of Dragon Naturally Speaking 7 -LRB- DNS -RRB- has the core features but none of the extras . There is really no point in getting the ` standard version ' over this as the standard version only has four extra features that you probably would not use much , if at all , anyway.What matters here is that the speech recognition engine in DNS is excellent and quick to set up and use , and the core speech recognition engine is the same for all the DNS 7 variants . The time you put in through use to train it is time well spent , and you can speak at a normal pace with very high quality results . OK , if you try to use it in a noisy environment you will get problems , but use a bit of common sense and patience and you get great results.If you want to use DNS with a dictation machine then you have to go for the ` Preferred or Professional ' versions , likewise if you want to have your words read back to you -LRB- text to speech -RRB- But if you just want to do the basics such as dictating letters , essays , memos , or email , then DNS Essentials has all you need.If you are spending your own money and do n't really need the advanced features then go for DNS Essentials , if it is someone else 's money , or you really need the extra advanced features then get the preferred or professional . Of course it helps to have a fast PC with more memory than the minimum specifications too !
 Seriously , this product is 1000 % better then IBM Viavoice . I coul not even dictate in word with that nightmare of a program.With this program I did the minimal training , and it works great ! It actually does what it claims it can do -LRB- unlike IBM Viavoice -RRB- .
 I 've upgraded to version 9 , friends tell me My letters are Great , its like being in the room talking with them.My typing is lousy.Its a great fast way to type a letter .
 This program deserves 5 stars , it is really good . When I started it up my learning experience just took off . I started with the French Alphabet and then moved on to the other lessons -LRB- 15 total -RRB- which were all quite good and informative . In between lessons I practiced by playing several games and using the flashcard program which all helped me to learn a lot . My advice is to use this program to learn French because it works really well .
 Okay , I 've been trying a lot of French programs lately , and I have to admit , this one -LRB- probably -RRB- has the best programs and resources . HOWEVER , it is not user friendly -- it has a bunch of inexplicable little icons scattered here , there , and everywhere -- and unless you go into the `` user 's manual '' and print it out like a handbook , you are going to be stuck and unable to explore all the possibilities this program might offer . Unlike Learn & Speak French , which is so intuitively designed that a child can operate it and proceed without much instruction , this program , however well-organized , is NOT for those souls who prefer to skip over instructions and therefore waste several frustrating hours trying to figure things out on their own . IF you print out the manual , or at least the pages to those sections you are utilizing , you will be pleased . The flashcards are fantastic and speech recognition and interactivity is superb . READ THE INSTRUCTIONS !
 I Can Speak French is the ideal program for beginner level French . It contains 15 useful and superb lessons that are designed to build your French skills quickly . MY favorite feature is the flashcard program which is quite good for building your vocabulary up quickly . It also teaches you the French alphabet and French grammar . For $ ... this product ca n't be beaten and I am amazed that it is so inexpensive . Do n't be afraid to buy this , in my opinion I really see no reason why anyone would be disapointed with this .
 I started teaching myself french and used this cd package as a supplement . I personally think it does n't work well alone if you 're teaching yourself. , but it really does help . It comes with two different programs. , one is A + french , which i think is O.K. , but then it has `` french before you know it '' which contains tons of different lists of words in different categories , and has different types of flash cards to help w / your vocabulary . . I really love this feature especially . I honestly have n't gotten very far in mastering french , only b/c of time and lack of discipline . . but if you have both of those , then this cd will work really well in helping you . I recommend though to invest in some sort of beginner 's french textbook as well .
 I purchased I Can Speak French to try and learn a new language . I must say it worked really well , especially for the price . I was given 15 lessons by the software and in between each one I would practice using games or a flashcard program for vocabulary that comes with it . I found this product easy to use because it was already broken down into lessons and practice areas/supplements were given . My favorite part was the flashcard program called Spanish Before You Know It because it was so useful in practicing French . Overall , good program and very effective in teaching .
 That 's right ! You are not limited by this disk as the flash card program allows you to creat your own list of flash cards . My daughter is in school taking first year French and it is great that we can add lists of words that she is now covering . And the flash cards they do have usually have all but two or three words that are already on her list . It is easy to use and you will see your student in French definately improve her grade .
 This program is really good for language learning . I ca n't get enough of the flashcard game , it is such a good way to review what I learn . The lessons are all very useful and are easy to keep up with . This program is the best for learning French .
 I found that this program was excellent for studying Italian . The lessons are really easy to follow and have good video and audio features . What I really liked about the audio was being able to hear all of the Italian words said by a native speaker which helped immensly with my pronunciation . I also like that an Alphabet Reference and a Grammar Tutorial were included . In the end , this is a very good program that does what its supposed to do .
 I bought this product to learn some Italian a couple months before I traveled to Italy . I Can Speak Italian really worked well for me . It was simple to use and gave me a great method to practice with . I took the 15 lessons the program brings you through then used a flashcard program that comes with it to practice with . The lessons really focus well on listening , speaking and reading skills and lead you down the right path to learning Italian . The program also features numerous games and such to also practice with . With this I was able to learn a lot of Italian for my trip . If you are looking for an effective , and cheap way to learn a language I recomend giving this a try .
 I was very happy with this software after using it . I found that it was a great program for a beginning Italian speaker and enjoyed using it . It is well worth the buy in my opinion and does exactly what its meant to do . It is a great way to learn beginning grammar , vocabulary , sentence structure , phrases and more . I am more than satisfied with this 5-star software .
 This program is awesome . It is far less confusing than most other language learning programs I have tried because it is setup in 15 lessons . It also has various games and other ways to review and practice with that I found very helpful . For an easy and simple way to learn Italian check this out .
 This program is awesome . It is far less confusing than most other language learning programs I have tried because it is setup in 15 lessons . It also has various games and other ways to review and practice with that I found very helpful . For an easy and simple way to learn Spanish check this out .
 Just purchased this product last week from Amazon based on other reviews . This is a great program with progressive flash cards that test you on specific chapter vacabulary and progressively teaches and focuses you on words that you struggle with the most so you can master Italian.The dialogue and lessons are complete . Anytime and anywhere during the lesson you can click on any word to hear it spoken , see it 's grammer rules , definition , and root word - all without interrupting your lesson . It has games , screen savers , and crossword puzzles to keep you learning from different angles whether it 's verb conjugation or vocabulary.Overall it is the best program and bests any books I have as well . At $ 10 it is the best value on the web .
 Great for people who love puzzles , mysteries , or just Scooby-Doo .
 Oh , my God , I 'm 18 years , and I still love Scooby Doo and Shaggy , and this game make me remember when I was a little girl . This game has different levels of difficulty and it makes you think at the same time you 're having fun . I actually thought it was gon na be lame but then I started playing and I tell you had a lot of fun . I 'm buying all the games .
 If any of you have expierienced past Scooby Doo games of this style , then you will understand this . In comparison , the voice acting in this is sub-par . The vocal animations are so generic that every word they speak looks just like the last . The load times between screens is a lot longer in this one than in past games . However , the puzzles are clever , and the background animations and layouts are very colorful and creative . Dropping you in many foreign locales . A good representation , and learning tool , of different cultures . My 5 year old enjoys this . But , myself , as a Scooby Doo fan , did not think that much of it . It was a bit shorter than previous games as well . Good game . Just not great . Hope the next volume shows more promise .
 I would rate this a middle of the road four or at the very least a high three.First the positive - the scooby gang are in a museum and a green glowing bug man has messed up the displays . They have to put the displays back together in order to earn clues . The clues point to a villian . Each of the ` games ' or displays involves a different part of the brain - in one scooby has to jump on a conveyer belt to earn scooby snacks and collect bones , another is a puzzle , another is a matching game and so on . There are three different levels so you can have it fairly easy to fairly difficult . My five year old was able to play the easy with no help and the medium level with only a little bit of help.The Negatives - The games are the same . The villians change but the games are the same - you are always doing a puzzle in the dinosaur room and it 's always the same puzzle . The placement of the boxes in the puzzle might change but the idea is the same . I would have also liked to have seen the ability to change the levels of the puzzle as individual games , not the whole game.However , it 's a fun game.I would also suggest the Freddy Fish games if your child likes to solve mysteries.Enjoy .
 A good game for the very young Scooby fan . Our 3 year old daughter loves this game . The puzzles are clever and educational . The three levels of game play differ enough to still excite and challenge young children who 've mastered the easier levels . A great purchase for any Scooby fan under 7 . Not too sophisticated but certainly not dumbed down .
 My son loves Scooby Doo so of course this was the perfect choice for his first Computer game . He is only 4 and just learning how to use a Computer so I had to help him.The setting is great in the Museum and he loved the different rooms you get to explore with bugs , dinosaurs and old bones . Each room contains some sort of a puzzle or game where at the end when you finish you receive a clue to match up with the 5 possible suspects . The one thing I did n't like is that some of the puzzles you had to do 4 times before you received the clue and that got a little boring having to do it over so many times.There are great little effects in the game where when you click on some objects they will turn into the bug man for a few seconds or fly around the room etc.Also Scooby and Shaggy will not go into any room without receiving a Scooby Snack first . The game only provides you with a few so at some point you have to go upstairs and play a game to receive more Scooby Snacks.Overall it is a good game but it does n't take long at all to finish it to the end . That was a bit dissapointing as I expected more from it . But the short while it does last is great fun for little Scooby Fans . I would n't recommend getting this game for young children unless you are willing and have the time to play it with them . They may get frustrated .
 Jessica our 9 year old daugher said `` this game is great , in one room you visit the cafeteria and you are challenged to blend different flavors of ice-cream until Shaggy gets the perfect cone . In each room you visit you need to find the clues to match the suspect until you find the glowing bugman '' . Hannah our 7 year old daughter said `` this game is perfect , we both had fun with it and I think lots of people should have fun with it just like us ''
 This game is a good fun learning game for kids , especially if you like Scooby Doo . It has you go around to different places and find clues to help solve a mystery , just like in the shows .
 I think this is a great CD , what a thrill ride ! The best part are the animated cinematics ! Which are incredible despite what I understand are extremely trying budgets and deadlines on projects like these.I give it two thumbs WAAAAY UP !
 I teach mentally handicapped adults with the average mental intelligence of kindergarteners and first graders . Although ultimately , this game was too hard for my students to play on a regular basis , parts of it were definitely suitable for my students in being both challenging and fun to play . I would definitely recommend this game for first graders and older and that in the beginning , it would help to play this game with your kids until you feel they are comfortable enough to play this game by themselves . All in all , a great game for Scooby Doo lovers !
 I have been using Intellisync off and on since the very early days when Puma -LRB- it 's manufacturer -RRB- was the highest gaining stock on the NASDAQ , or even before . I just had a heck of a time setting it up , and I am reasonably technically adept -LRB- and stubborn -RRB- . I use it to sync Lotus Organizer 6.1 with a Treo 650 . As far as I know , Intellisync is the ONLY program that will allow these two programs to talk with each other . I believe it also works with more popular business database programs like ACT.If you are like me and must use this program , it is because you refuse to kowtow to Bill Gates and the virtual monopoly of Outlook as a time manager and work organizer . Thus , all your life data ends up in this other program . Low and behold , I get a Treo 650 -LRB- and the 180 and 600 before that -RRB- , and my data would be locked in the unit , or rather I would probably have just given myself over to the DARK SIDE of Outlook and Microsoft Mediocrity.Intellisync installs easily , but then you have to get it to dance between your handheld and your organizer of choice . The program acts by setting up `` conduits , '' which like their name would indicate , are channels through which the information in your handheld is directed to send its synching information , rather than sending it to the Palm Desktop.It has been awhile since I last conquered this achievement -LRB- 5/05 ? -RRB- . What I can remember is that there was some trouble in getting the program to recognize and work with an already established profile in the Palm . It took a couple of months of trial and error . The technical support people had me at one point going into my desktop registry and editing out the old data . This may have been the ultimate answer , but it drove my tech guy who works on my office equipment crazy as it messed with something else -LRB- or I did , inadvertently -RRB- . Once it is set up , you point the program to the exact database in whatever Organizer you are using -LRB- for example , in Lotus Organizer , I enter in the conduit section the address -LSB- mydatabase name -RSB- . or6 . And boom ! Synching occurs . When it does finally happen , you will cry tears of joy!Once it works , it works , though I believe that over time either Intellisync or my Palm have slowed significanly , and a 5 minute sync has turned into a half hour plus affair . I do n't know whether to blame this on Intellisync . It could be the memory of my Palm , or another aspect of Palm synching , or the size of my database . Intellisync would definitely prefer that you not be working on the computer database while you are synching , though if it takes a while , you may not be able to avoid this.The program will give you an optional screen where you can resolve conflicts in information between the handheld and the desktop program , which is nice . Usually this works out well . Because there is not really a compatible `` Phone Call '' function in the handheld , I do get stray `` To Do '' data synched into my handheld from phone calls I have already made and checked off in Lotus . I consider this a minor annoyance , though I do go through and check them off as `` done '' in the handheld.I use version 5.5.1 of this program . If you buy the versions listed here , you may need to download updates , which may be an additional cost . You will just have to try your luck . But if all your data is locked in your handheld or your desktop , it 's worth a lot of trial and error and/or some money rather than enter all that data in both . This is why the program first took hold , and I think it still holds true . Until Palm starts supporting other organizers , which it shows no indication of doing .
 I love this software.Great to use my computer to index the items .
 As a 28-year-old life-long Marvel fan , I could not pass up this CD collection , even though I already own the Essential Spider-Man vol . 1 and the Essential X-Men vol . 1 -LRB- the contents of both books are covered on this CD -RRB- . I was glad to see that it was Mac-compatible ; however , if you own a Mac , do n't run this collection on Safari , as it does n't handle the Dj-Vu plug-in properly -LRB- it works just fine with Explorer -RRB- . Basically , instead of using an application like Adobe Acrobat Reader , you use your browser -LRB- with the Dj-Vu plug-in -RRB- to navigate through the pages.Each book is easy to access to , and the fact that it can be read in color or in black and white is a great feature . The image quality is top-notch , and the colors are vibrant -LRB- I would say that the visual quality in general is on a par with the great reprint of the Marvel GI Joe comics of 2 years ago -RRB- . My only real gripe is that Wolverine 's popularity is not enough to justify detracking from the promise of the CD-ROM 's `` first ten issues '' and include the `` New '' X-Men of 1975 -LRB- Storm , Wolverine , Colossus and Nightcrawler -RRB- instead of the original 1960s Uncanny X-Men . It also would have been great to see the wartime version of Captain America and the Submariner , if only to compare them with their 1960s revival.All in all , it 's a great product that definitely gives out a great value for its price . I really hope that future volumes will focus on one series at a time though -LRB- which would be a great alternative to Marvel 's paperback reprints -RRB- .
 What you should know : TOPICS Entertainment , one of the fastest-growing software publishers in the nation , is introducing a new CD-ROM titled
 If anybody has tried to repurchase , look into purchasing , or even wondered if the early Marvel Comics ' main Lines-this is the product for them to get ! To have it on CD-Rom and in great resolution is a wonderful thing ! I really appreciate the fact that I did not have to pay out my Retirement funds to be to own the paper versions of these stories , but anybody in the comics business will tell you-these issues are very , very costly . Wonderful stories , imagination , Kirby at the pencils and Stan Lee providing the thoughts ! A wonderful combination for the MArvel Mythology!This Marvelite is a very , very happy camper ! It made a wonderful Christmas gift from my loving wife!Thanks
 As a Marvel fan since 1968 onward , I 've dreamed of a collection like this . The classic icon heroes of my youth forever preserved in pristine condition , dynamically digitized , electronically enumerated ! Herein , find , if ye dare , the original appearance not only of most core heroes of the Marvel Universe , but the supremely villanous counterparts
 Let me begin by saying I really want to give this a better rating . What it is , is good . But it 's not exactly what is suggested by the packaging and some glitches detract from end-user enjoyment.First , the packaging claims the CD-ROM includes `` 100 original , full-length digital comics . '' It does n't . It includes only the story panels from the comics . No ads for X-ray specs or pepper gum or a bazillion plastic army men * now with grenadier ! * No Stan Lee 's Soapbox -LRB- or its equivalent -RRB- . No fan mail . A good portion of the nostalgia and charm of these comics is missing with these exclusions.Second , the front and back of the box highlight an offer for `` 3 FREE COMICS ! '' Only once you fire up the CD-ROM and click on the offer do you discover a Shipping & Handling charge . Granted $ 3 is n't a big deal , but it 's aggravating having it snuck in at the last minute.Third , the on-screen interface to the X-Men Comics does n't work . Someone miscoded the standard hyperlink code , using backslashes -LRB- \ -RRB- instead of forward ones -LRB- / -RRB- . You can still get to the comics through Windows Explorer , but an end-user workaround is a poor substitute for incomplete product testing . Customer support did give me a prompt reply and offered to send a replacement CD-and this accounts for the 4-star rating instead of a 3 . Fourth , the Character Bios apparently have been taken from the Marvel Comics Encyclopedia without any cleaning up for this product . This means there are extraneous page numbers on the bio pages . Hyperlinks that would take you to other characters in the encyclopedia do nothing in this product . Artwork bleeds from one page to the next in the encyclopedia , but since all pages are shown singly , there are bits and pieces of art in the margins that give the pages a sloppy look.Finally , while the exterior packaging is very nice -LRB- full-color embossed cover , hero shots all the way around , fold-out front cover with more graphics and info inside , etc. -RRB- the interior packaging is laughable
 First of all , I want to agree with the reviewer above -LRB- Mac G4 -RRB- -- if you have a problem with the first version of the disc for your Mac , contact the manufacturer , they are helpful ; and with the first reviewer -- I would have _ loved _ it if they included all the pages including the ads and letters pages -LRB- some of the best stuff ! -RRB- . You wonder why -- at least on a digital version of this -- they could n't include the additional pages.Even though I own about 60-80 % of this material already in either Paperback or Hardcover Marvel Masterworks , I bought this mainly to support the project
 I was unable to install the initial version on my mac G4 . I contacted the manufacturer who was very responsive . They said the initial version shipped with 2 problems in the Mac version . They were aware of the problem and sent me a beta of the corrected program . Later they sent my the final version . If you have problems , contact the manufacturer - my experience with them was very good.The content is as described and the quality is very good . The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 , is that it requires Microsoft Explorer to view the content . The browser plug in does not work with Safari . Perhaps that will come in a future version .
 What can I say about this amazing collection that has n't all ready been said ? The first ten comics in each of marvel 's famous line-up -LRB- Though X-Men starts with Giant Sized X-Men # 1 , not the Uncanny X-Men -RRB- . All in all you get the 100 comics that started the Marvel mythology and launched its beloved characters into our imagination . Some of these comics go for thousands and are impossible to find except in reprints like the `` Essentials '' collections -LRB- Highly recommended as well if you want more than just the first ten issues -RRB- but with the miracle of CD 's and computers you do n't need to go out and buy those comics or reptints to see your favorite hero 's origin.If you 're a fan of Marvel Comics and have n't read these original stories then what are you waiting for ! The price is right and the material you get is truly priceless ! Make mine Marvel !
 This is a great way to read old comics you ca n't afford . You get ten different issuses per character/group at a price thats less than one printed collection , and in color not like the Essential series of Marvel reprints . I did have a couple gripes with this product however . It advertised that you get to read the first ten comics of each hero , however in the case of Capt. America , Namor and some Hulk issues they shared thier books with another hero and you do n't get those stories . In other words in some cases you get half comics . Also it has the new X-men -LRB- issues 94-102 -RRB- not the first 10 issues of the series .
 If you ca n't afford the Marvel Masterworks this is the disc for any Marvel fan . If only the entire line of one character could be on one disk . For instance the first hundred issues of Fantastic Four by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby would be a great place to start . All I can say is why did n't they put this out a lot sooner . If anyone here likes this I 'd say e mail Marvel and ask for more . It 's the only affordable way to see classic comics .
 Very cool of Marvel to digitize all these classics for us to read how the powerhouse greats got their starts . Its great fun to actually read the original books word for word and also great to be able to let my kids read them too . Great product and well worth the 25 bones I paid for it . Only complaint is the pdf . format is kinda funky . Oh well . Rock on Marvel !
 IT was great to get an non DVD set of these great Marvel Comics . I ` llbe able to share it with friends who do n't have a dvd player on their machine .
 A good companion to the moderm films of Marvel , this is a digital comic which goes page by page of the first ten issues of Marvel 's favorite film characters and original line up of characters that started off marvel 's superhero line . You get more details and the original origins -LRB- and artwork -RRB- of your favorite superheroes -LRB- and others -RRB- . I found it very enjoyable to reminisce over the stories I used to read and at one time owned . This is also a good CD-ROM to share with your kids who grew up with the movies and want to know more . My daughter enjoys this but wishes that the early X-Men were showcased -LRB- this starts with the debut of Wolverine -RRB- and was more detailed about her favorite - Captain America . There are other more detailed , character specific CD-ROMs out there but this is a good way to get started at a comparatively low price .
 With GIT Corp. no longer distributing the Marvel Comics line of comics on DVD and people are trying to snatch up the collections -LRB- to own nearly every comic for Spider-Man , Iron Man , Captain America , Hulk , Fantastic Four , Avengers , etc. from the 60 's to 2006 -RRB- , I 'm sure many comic fans are enticed by the price of `` Marvel Comic Book Library Vol . 1 '' . Why should n't you ... the price for it is cheaper than the large collections and you probably want to test it on your newer computer.For Mac owners -LRB- 2007 and present -RRB- , unfortunately with GIT Corp. not releasing these anymore and those who posted years ago about getting beta discs or finalized discs and the discs working on Internet Explorer browsers really does n't help us out that much.I recently purchased the item and use Firefox and Safari . There has n't been any updates for IE on a Mac for years . Next caveat is that the DjVu 4.0 installer will not work on Intel-based machines.So , what do you do ? Fortunately , in the readme.txt on the DVD , you can go to the companies main website and download the latest -LRB- as of Aug. 2008 , the latest was 6.1 -RRB- . You can open up the htm file with any browser , look at the covers but when you click on the comic , it will not load the comic.After installation of the latest DJvU software update , you will need to manually go to each comic folder on the disk , right click on your mouse on the DJvU file and then select dJvU plug in host and then you will be able to read the comic.This is an older product that came out before the Intel-based Mac 's but still this comic features important classics from the major Marvel lines . No Might Thor ? Dr. Strange ? But still , you get a lot of the major characters and teams . So , if you are purchasing this product in 2008 and on , there is a bit of an inconvenience that you ca n't just open the comic by clicking on it from a browser . But nevertheless , at least you can still view them all via the newest software update and right clicking on the file.It might be a hassle for some but for me , around a hundred classic comic stories for the price offered . A little inconvenience that I didnt mind at all .
 I needed a solution to sync my Lotus notes mail , to do and contacts . This product worked perfectly , it carried all my information from Notes onto mt e740 . There was no contentions , errors , etc. . All my date was perfectly formatted and mapped to appropriate fields . I would reccomend this to anyone , wirked with XP professional , Lotus 5.08 , Pocket PC 2002 and Toshiba e740 . All bleading edge stuff and no problems ... Geeze what a product .
 After purchasing the software I encountered installation problems . I phone tech support and immediately got Howard who was very helpful and patient as I am not a computer person . Howard made installing the software and getting to work simple . Simple enough to where I can assist my co-workers in installing and using intellisync should the same situation present itself . Intellisync tech support was OUTSTANDING !
 This is the swiss army knife of synchonization softwares . It supports just about every PIM you could ask for . Most importantly , it 's fast . I have a Palm myself and quickly disposed of the Chapura PocketMirror product -LRB- which comes with the Palm -RRB- not because it did n't work , but because it was too slow .
 Simple , easy-to-install program that allows owners of Palm-based PDAs to synch their unit with Microsoft Outlook , the data utility used on such ` smartphones ' as the Blackberry Pearl .
 Bought to go with Lotus Notes 6.5 and Palm OS . This product does not work for that application .
 I see a lot of complaints about this product regarding the outdated information . These maps are U.S. Geological Survey maps sets . Grant you , yes they were compiled from data such as aerial and ground surveys that are dated . That said , these are accurate maps of the areas they cover , these include monument markers that are THE reference for surveyors . These maps can be updated by the user with a GPS which gives one the capability of adding roads , trails , markers to your map sets making them a personal experience . No , these are not for someone that just wants a ready to use road/trail map . In other words , these are great for trailblazers , not followers .
 Allows you to export tif images with GIS/CAD world files for easy upload into Programs such as Petra . Downside is that if you are looking at a large area , you have to continuously change out disks -LRB- there are 5 or 6 of them -RRB- .
 Awesome product.The ability to see individual topo sheets is very useful , as is the ability to create custom seamed maps.Dowloads of GPS waypoints to the computer , and the upload of GPS points fron the computer to the GPS unit is easy.Customer support is phenomenal ! They resopond quickly and personally answer your questions and even take recommendations on what might be nice additions for future updates -LRB- such as a Baja map set , or the addition of other datums besides NAD27 -RRB- I ca n't say enough about this product ! The best mapping software out there
 I purchased a copy of the Alaska version of these maps about 2001 or so , I have used then continually ever since . I wanted a library of USGS topo maps for the state . In particular the 63,360 maps.I had grown tired of buying new maps from the USGS map store every year . That is exactly what I got , plus all of the other USGS topo maps for the state.While it is a bit clunky , you can stitch the maps together for custom coverage of areas located on two or more maps . I print all of my maps on 13x19 sometimes changing the scale to suit me . I have tried several other mainstream topo map products -LSB- Garmin , NatGeo , Delorme , etc. -RSB- and still prefer my iGage All Topo Alaska set.They do not have all the bells and whistles that some do . But , I was not looking for those and am still not.EDIT : I am retiring sand moving to Hawaii this summer . I just sold the set locally here in Alaska for $ 75 . $ 25 is not a bad cost for 12 years of use.Note that I only used the original discs to burn copies for everyday use . The original discs were in pristine condition .
 Excellent piece of software that does exactly what it is designed to do . This is a great way to learn German because it is simple and easy to get into . Everything you need to start with is provided -LRB- unlike many other language programs -RRB- such as a German Alphabet reference , and German grammar basics along with 15 lessons in German . The various practice methods the program brings to the table such as games , flashcards , ect . make for great practice . My recomendation is this would be an excellent program to buy for German language learning .
 I was taking a begining German language class and this program helped me enormously in learning it . It has many lessons that start you off and then there are games and other activities to also use for practice . I think one of the most useful features is the German Before You Know It part which is basically flashcard program for German . This part of the program is extremely useful for studying or reviewing , especially vocabulary . I also found it very helpful to have a feature available to me that showed me the grammar basics of German . Give this software a try if you need assistance learning or want to learn German , it helped me very much .
 I Can Speak German is the best software I have found for learning German yet . This software is really worth the buy !!!
 I Can Speak German is a steal at $ ... If you want a really good beginner program this is the best deal out there . You get 15 lessons , grammar turtorial , alphabet reference , and a good flash card practice program which all play a crucial role in starting to help you grasp the language . This software is an excellent start for building vocabulary , basic grammar knowledge , working on pronunciation and is just a great start in general . I enjoyed this program so much that I am considering buying German Now which is another program by the same company , Transparent Language . For its price and content this program is a great buy and should get a 5 star rating .
 I was hoping for a larger variety of useful photos , but they are great quality . The online subscription to the ` big box of 650000 ' is very helpful . These are not hemera photos , but I find myself using them regularly.Hemera photos are beautiful and `` Yay ! '' copyright free . But a lot of them have me wondering `` Why did they put all these in here ? '' There 's a man with a turban doing this in one . Putting his arms sideways in the next . On his head in the next . etc '' I would rather have a program with a man with a turban , then a tree , then an egg . BTW , I 've never found a reason to use the man with the turban or the woman in the crazy clothes -LRB- lots of those -RRB- . With regular upgrades , I know they are improving on the quantity and variety of selections.The browser that comes with this is easy to use and really is pretty good . But there are some quirks I do n't like with it . For example , it 's hard to just browse the different sections . And while it has a ` check all ' button for the sections , it does n't have an ` uncheck all ' . Still , for this great price and for the wonderful quality , it 's well worth your money.FYI
 I add illustrative clip arts to dozens of article blurbs a day , and frequently find myself needing weird things like a picture of dirty tupperware . This clip art set is a GODSEND for me . Yes , there are dozens or hundreds of pictures on things most people will never use -LRB- I think there 's nearly 100 pictures of oranges alone -RRB- , but that also means it carries pictures of things that most clip art sets do n't . When I need a picture of cloth diapers , it has 15 different pics for me to choose from . All of the pictures of objects are really high quality . Like the box says , all pictures are already cut out of the background , which looks pretty good on most web pages and is something I often do by hand on other sets anyway . The pictures of people are all cheesy and over-posed , but the cheese makes them useful for illustrating some things -LRB- like used car salesman -RRB- . NOT a good clip art set for places/travel or scenes of people interacting , but since that 's all most other clip art sets are , I 'm happy about it . The software itself is the best I 've found in clip art . The search works , and works well , and the pictures are listed with really good keywords . Also there 's a category sort . The export can be a little annoying because you have to click OK so much , but it lets you export the image into pretty much any popular image format -LRB- TIFF , BMP , GIF , JPG , PSD , etc. -RRB- instead of using some hokey copy and paste thing like other sets will .
 I actually kind of like this program . Accounting is a pretty awful task , but QuickBooks makes it fairly painless . It 's pretty intuitive , and it 's a pretty good program . I was very happy with version 6 for Mac , so I was happy to upgrade . After using it for a day or two , here are my thoughts.Pros
 Qbks really made my bookkeeping easy . The step-by-step set up is easy to follow . After setting things up I found it really easy to stay on top of my bookkeeping .
 As a relatively new Mac user , I needed to convert my existing Quickbooks files into the Mac version . Although it 's a couple years old , it meets all of my needs . It converted the PC file with no trouble at all , but it did not convert my custom forms . The PC version has a layout editor for forms and the Mac version does not seem to have that functionality , so I have to do that externally.All in all , I am happy with the product -- just wish they were the same feature for feature .
 I am doing bookkeeping and budgetting as well as analysis of past records for a nonprofit PTSA.Quickbooks has been super-helpful in sorting things out . It translated all of the old PC files from QB Pro for PC flawlessly . We were up and running in minutes.By the way , you can download a one month trial version from the Intuit website and give it a try before you purchase . It is a fully functioning copy of the software . I did that while I waited for delivery of the software from Amazon , so there was no need to wait for the copy in the mail.Super good value , esp . if you can take advantage of the rebate .
 I have a mini mac power pc so any software after 2009 wo n't work on my mac , I got hold of this old copy of quick books and it works fine , easy to use . Its missing a few extras that they have added on quick books 2012 , but it 's got everything I need to run my small buisiness , it 's an American version and I 'm from the uk , so I had to put a fake USA phone number in to register it online , other than that it works fine for a uk user .
 My business is small and catching up very quick with the bookkeeping since I received my QB MAC software . I love how it integrates all info into various reports . What an immediate eye opener to see my expenses vs my income ! It was easy to transfer all info from my pc to my Mac with this . It 's pretty intuitive . Just took a little getting used to , but am up & running .
 The desktop version of V2i Protector began shipping June 2003 . It runs on XP/Home , XP/Pro , and Windows 2000/Pro only .
 -LRB- This item should be called `` V2i Protector '' not `` 2I Protector '' . -RRB- I 've been evaluating V2i Protector for a couple of weeks now
 I went ahead and bought this software after reading a review of this software in the Houston Chronicle -LRB- you can probably find it online -RRB- which gave it the highest praise . After watching my son `` play '' his way through the first unit for the past couple days , I am recommending it without reservation . He 's about halfway through with the first unit and although it 's another $ 60 + , I intend to go ahead and purchase the extra 10 `` units '' for this . I will update this review when I have information on the quality of the extra-cost units.The software runs smoothly and looks good . There are fun sounds and activities wherever you turn . And , it actually looks like my child is getting a great review of things he learned in kindergarten and if his interest stays as keen as it has been for the last three days , the software should have him ready to start the school year with a little headstart.By the way , I volunteered every other week for the past year at my son 's kindergarten 's media lab and helped the class with software such as KidPix and M.I.N.D. Institute software . At the time , I wished there was a way to bring these software packages onto my home computer -LRB- but they cost thousands of dollars so that just was n't an option -RRB- . This looks like the software I was wishing for at the time . It is aligned with the types of things in school curriculums , and is set up for running at home.And , it runs great on a 4-5 year old Windows XP computer . Absolutely no issues with installation , although there were more steps than usually required so that I , as a parent , could configure the setup . I think the configuration was time well spent as I can now open my parental version of the game and have a dashboard that shows me how my child is progressing.My six year old son -LRB- finished kindergarten two months ago -RRB- has been engrossed since we started it up . In prior years , he has played all the usual kids games since starting on the computer at age 3-4 so he 's not new to the computer . He 's a smart kid -LRB- I think -RRB- but pretty much right at grade level in all areas as far as his achievement in school . These games are challenging enough to keep him entertained but he has not yet gotten frustrated . It 's great that he now has a game that reinforces reading and arithmetic skills in a fun and motivating way . Also , the software designers have done a great deal of work in tailoring rewards and trophies that keep things interesting and motivate kids.So far , over two days , he 's spent about 2 hours each day working on the game , and this morning he was up at 630 am and sitting at his computer in his pajamas to keep trying to win his first `` key '' . Updating Nov 20 , after 3 1/2 months . Still loving this software . The important fact in this update is that after completing 7/12 of the game , I am still completely satisfied with the quality of the modules that are coming through download . This justified , for me , the additional cost for adding in the optional modules -LRB- I bought all of them instead of a monthly subscription -RRB- . I far prefer this game to any other gameboy/cartoonnetwork/gamecube / pc game my son has . It 's also the most expensive but after 3.5 months he 's only about 7/12 of the way through the modules for first grade . The reason I like this software is because it drills and teaches MATH and READING skills . This has been a much better learning tool than the homework assignments he finishes in 2 minutes every day . Disadvantages
 First off , let me say that commonsensemedia.org gives a nice overview of the JumpStart World software . Second , after reading all the reviews I did not first purchase this disk , I bought the full download on the Knowledge Adventure website for a whopping $ 74.99 , but we got all 12 units at once -LRB- although you must finish a unit to proceed to the next -RRB- . I was getting tired of the non educational aspects of Webkinz and similar virtual worlds -LRB- littlest pet shop and myepets -RRB- so we gave this a try . Although my child is in Kindergarten , the year is almost over so I took a chance on the First Grade version and I 'm glad I did . The game starts out pretty easy with pattern recognition , simple math , and letter sounds in Unit One . This unit took my child about 10 hours to complete . The second unit has her reading charts/graphs -LRB- something she has not had to do in Kindergarten so it 's a little tough -RRB- , solve word problems -LRB- that are read aloud -RRB- , recognize math fact families , and tell time . Once in a while she does need help or for me to read something to her . So the games are appropriately challenging for my nearly 6 yr old and the `` world '' is fun ... you can choose your character , dress it , and buy and care for a pet , create artwork anytime you want and have a parade . You can flip between exploring the `` world '' and playing the games as much as you like . Most activities are mouse-driven but some do use the arrow keys like a tricky tetris-style game . Kids are motivated to go back and play the games repeatedly b/c doing so gets them more jewels to buy stuff for their pet and virtual home . It 's all very well done
 My 6 year old son has not put down this game since I bought it for his birthday . He can play for two hours at a time . As far as the game goes , it is excellent.But there are down sides to this game . No where on the packaging does it say that the game CAN NOT be played without an internet connection . The manufacturer will not give me a straight answer as to why the game has to be connected to the internet to play . So I can not take this game with us on outings or in the car because it will not run outside of our home.Also , I spent $ 20 for the game . Now if I want the `` entire '' game , I have to dish out an additional $ 8 per month to get the rest of the game . That seems quite unreasonable for a game for a 6 year old !! I thought I was buying the `` entire '' game when I bought the CD.The description also says that the parent will get emailed progress reports on how their child is doing , which is true , for the first few months . Then comes the $ 8/month email to keep it going . I just think that this is a bit much to ask.So my son will play this game until it runs out , or whatever happens after two adventures .
 I found the Jump Start World Kindergarten at SAMS Club a year ago . Since I am a homeschool mom , I figured it would be a good `` game '' for breaks and free time . Well , the kids , then 5 and 3 , loved it and within a month I bought the additional units . Once my Kindergartener finished all the units I called to buy the 1st grade units and found the Jump Start World Club and we joined . I was able to download directly to the PC , no more disks to deal with . I received the pre-school -LRB- 3-5 -RRB- , 1st Grade -LRB- 5-7 -RRB- and 2nd grade -LRB- 6-8 -RRB- all for one price . My now 4 year old who was taking her time through the Kindergarten program , finished the pre-school program in two months and had a new interest in the kindergarten program . My now 1st grader is more than half way through the 1st grade program and they play in their Worlds almost every day . My 1st grader tells regularly when we are working on schoolwork , `` I did that in Jump Start World ! '' and Zips through her assignments . Now my sisters have gotten into the program for their kids . My whole family completely enjoys this product and I believe it is worth every dime I spent on it .
 I bought this game as a compromise for my kindergartener and 2nd grader . For my kids , who do n't have a play station or play a lot of computer games , this provides excellent , fun instruction on how to control an avatar and play a bunch of different types of games using both the keyboard and the mouse . It was hard for them at first because they kept getting lost in the Jumpstart `` world , '' but now they have mastered it and have a lot of fun just visiting their favorite places . Most of the games themselves are pretty lame -- my kids only play them when they need to earn points to buy things , or at the end of a level to complete the required number of games to advance to the next level.As a learning game , it takes awhile to ramp up to a challenging level . In fact , my kindergartener is in the 7th level and only now encountering academic challenges that are hard for her . For a first grader , I think I would recommend this only to reinforce things they already know and to strengthen computer skills . But , I give it 4 stars because despite the weaknesses that I see , it is a good wholesome game that my kids LOVE!And while it annoys me that you have to pay an extra , hefty fee to get the full game , I think it is worth it . The kids blow through the first two levels , but the subsequent levels last much longer . My kids have been playing for more than 3 months and are only a little over halfway done !
 This product is excellent learning tool for kids . My son could n't wait until he got next unit purchased to go and explore new places . This software gives kids an ability to play and learn at the same time and it 's never boring . This game has a good balance of fun and learning activities . The only draw back is the fact that it was not made very clear that this box includes only 2 levels and to continue you need to purchase additional levels so the child can move to the next level.But my son is enjoying this game very much .
 JumpStart World 1st GradeJumpStart World 2nd GradeMy kids really enjoy playing them and they are learning age-appropriate problem-solving skills in a kid-friendly video game like environment . Along with the math , spelling and reading sections , I particularly like the fact that the games promote good listening -LRB- i.e. following directions -RRB- skills . The kids have `` tasks '' to complete in order to open different sections of the world , rather than just wandering around aimlessly playing games . There are also parent reports that enable you to see how they are progressing -LRB- i.e. where their strengths & weaknesses are -RRB- . You get 2 adventure packs with this software and then you can go to the website to order a new pack to be automatically downloaded every month -LRB- costs about $ 7.99 per month -RRB- . I would definitely recommend these products . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because it was long to install -LRB- first instance only -RRB- .
 My six-year old is an electronic junkie , and has played LOTS of computer games . This one is BY FAR his all-time favorite . Mine too , as it is very educational . He will play until I make him stop ! It runs great on the computer , and can be personlized with fun things for your child . I highly recommend it !
 I got this for my son who LOVES to play it . He has increased his skill and mastery in all academic areas . He loves having a pet to take care of , jobs to get done and new areas open up with each new accomplishment . There are a few learning games that challenge him and I 'll sit with him and help him work on , but as he `` gets it '' he 'll get so excited and give me a hug . The game has been such a hit that the neighbor 's daughter comes over just to play the game . For the use that my children are getting out of it , SO worth the money .
 Purchase this program for my grandchildren around 6 years ago without a CD backup . My computer crashed back in March , 2010 and I lost it . Have looked for this particular program ever since . fnally found it on Amazon !! The grandkids are so happy again to have this back . And the learning games on it have made them better students ! They Love It and so do I !
 The CD would not work in my son 's computer . . I contacted the distributor and they immediately refunded my money . . The service was terrific . . We have other CD by Jump Start and they are great ! My son loves them
 We have been using the JumpStart World software for almost two years now , and IT IS GREAT ! My two older kids are in first grade and kindergarten . We have both Jumpstart World First Grade and Kindergarten and both of my kids LOVE them . And now , when I let them have some computer time , they are actually learning something . What I really love is how the software reinforces what they learn in school.For example , in math , my first grader learned about cubes and longs not that long ago . Yesterday , she went to play a math game , and there were the same cubes and longs , just like she learned in class . This has happened over and over , so it seems the people at JumpStart know what they 're doing.Yes , it IS pricey . You only get the first two units with your purchase , and yes , you need a good connection -LRB- we have a cable connection , I think this software would be a nightmare with dial up -RRB- . Getting back to the units , as you probably know , you can either buy them all at once at a slightly discounted rate , or you can get a `` monthly '' subscription , where each unit is something like $ 7.99 . If it seems that your child is really into the software , I would highly recommend going ahead and buying all at once at the discount . When I purchased the Kindergarten software , I decided to go with the monthly subscription because I mistakenly thought that a new unit would only be sent once a month . In this way , I thought this would force my daughter to slow down and just have one unit a month to focus on . This is not the case . When she blew through Unit 5 in two days , Unit 6 was downloaded immediately . No big deal , but I did n't think that was very clear.Now that I think of it , I guess getting the monthly subscription would make sense if you 're not sure if your child is really into the software . I guess , if they lose interest , you would n't want to be stuck with all those unused units , which get sent to you monthly regardless of whether your child is moving up in units or not . I THINK buying monthly allows you to cancel if your child is n't using it -LRB- but do n't quote me on this , make sure -RRB- . All I can say is that my kids have been playing with this software for almost two years and they still love it !
 We 've had good luck with Jumpstart learning products in the past , so it was a no brainer buying this , and we 're very impressed with how far the graphics have come ! My 6 and 5 year old have such a great time trying to earn gems to buy different things , as well as winning trophies and keys for completing tasks . They are in head to head competition over who can get through the levels first , and are learning many different skills along the way from reading to math and problem solving ... not to mention familiarizing themselves with the computer . Jumpstart makes it fun by allowing the kids to decorate their own cabin , get their own pet , and place the artwork they create around on the many billboards throughout town . It 's very interactive , keeps their interest , makes learning fun ... overall an excellent product !
 My wife and I are very selective about the content of the `` screentime '' -LRB- our household term for the time they can have in front of the computer , TV , and/or Wii -RRB- we allow our almost five-year daughter and our six-year-old son -LRB- who is nearing the end of his kindergarten year -RRB- , and thus we strive for a healthy mix of quality education , exercise , and of course , fun.Suffice to say that our children absolutely love JumpStart World 1st Grade and it is almost always their first choice for their individual screentime . They faithfully work through the educational exercises to earn gems with which they can buy things at various venues in the intriguing 3D world . When they reach various milestones they enthusiastically announce to us what they 've accomplished , which is a source of satisfaction and joy to us as well as to them.As our children are ahead of the curve we did start them both on the first grade level package and do n't regret that decision . Our eldest is progressing faster , of course , and after a month is on Unit 5 of 12 -LRB- which , as noted in other reviews , meant we spent the $ 64.99 for the additional 10 units , but were glad to do so -RRB- , while our daughter is on Unit 2 . We highly recommend this series and place it at the top -LRB- by a wide margin -RRB- of all the PC children 's titles that we have.As an aside , if you have been frustrated by the annoying requirement of far too many children 's software packages -LRB- including this one -RRB- that the CD must be in the drive , go to alcohol-soft . com and download their Alcohol 52 % -LRB- bizarre name , I know ... -RRB- which allows you to create virtual drives on your hard drive with images of the respective CDs . The free version allows up to 6 virtual drives , while the $ 27 full version handles up to 31 . Works great , and frees you from the CD changing hassle .
 . . to upgrade to QuickBooks pro 2005 after reading the reviews . Having received an e-mail from Intuit saying that they were ` sunsetting ' QuickBooks pro 2002 from April and I would no longer have access to email for invoices etc. . . I `` decided '' to bite the bullet and upgrade.The purchaseI received a discount for upgrading my single user version and use the internet to activate the product . It went smoothly . The installation CD arrived promptly in the mail , well packaged . I also decided to buy the 5 user edition for work since I network qbooks That arrived promptly -LSB- actually the two came together -RSB- . The installationI decided to TEST at HOME fist on backup data and to do a clean install and an upgrade . OK . The clean install was flawless . The internet activation as painless and I was up and running ! GOOD.Next came the 5 user edition ; I did an upgrade on the second computer and that went flawless . Next the internet was used to activate the product . No problems!So far so good ; Now to WORK and test it on REAL data ! I did this on a day I took off , just in case the horror stories came true ! First the server upgrade . Problems ... program stuck installing some dot NET program . . took forever -LSB- an hour actually -RSB- . Hmm . Rebooted , no go . Hmm Shut down and restarted , , . . where is the manual ? ... AH.I see . . ! . the ANTIVIRUS software ! . . Turned OFF Norton antivirus ! Now flawless installation ! ... -LSB- heh heh REAL men do n't read manuals -RSB- . The activationNow to product activation ... call a number . No problem answered promptly and was directed by prompts to activation , now a REAL live person '' Mike '' yeah , he had an accent but I guess I had an accent to him as well ! He was real pleasant . I explained that I had purchased a 5 user edition , used one activation on my computer at home via the internet and needed to install at least 2 others at work . No problem . He checked my registration , gave me a code . . yeah , , but would I have to call back to activate the other computers ? No . . the code would work for the others . . He waited on line while I entered the code . Presto ! Instant activation . No problems . The program installed flawlessly on the other computer and the network worked instantly . The whole process took about 5 minutes ! Painless.The programThe GOOD : It is significantly faster than QuickBooks pro 2002 . There is scheduled backup and the backup process is a lot faster . Passwords are case sensitive ; if you forget the caps lock key then problems ... this happened to me once.Joy of JOYS ... refunds , write offs and under and over payments are now easy as one click . Issuing refund checks is easy as pie . In the previous 2002 version , to issue a refund or writing off bad debts required several complicated maneuvers that ended up confusing the accountant and me!The screens are friendlier and better laid out . Easier search for invoices etc. . If you have used QB before you will have no problems.I have not seen any intrusive ads or banners advertising products . The check reminder popped up and I set it to the number that I wanted . It has n't bothered me since . Yes , I use Intuit checks and they are lovely ! Highly recommended.My accountant loves the program and Invoices estimates etc can be emailed as pdf attachments.The BADNo manual payroll . I would have thought that certain editions for businesses would allow the truly small business owner to manually enter payroll say for up to 10 employees . More that that would require subscription to the payroll service.Invoices when paid should automatically enter the payment method on them . I mean you have already entered the payment by cash , check or credit card to pay the invoice . -LRB- ... -RRB- No multiple currency support.Yes , we generally use one currency but for truly international sales or customers , they may pay in a different currency and QB should be able to set up foreign currency accounts and automatically convert it to your base currency . As it stands now I have to set up a back account in the foreign currency and manually convert to base currency in a sub account . Tedious , flawed and unnecessary.Importation of AIF file impossible . My account made some changes and I tried to import the file . The program said that it needed to be the same file with no changes made to the original . In other words , I can do no business until the accountant is finished if I want to import his changes . Ridiculous !! Overall . 4 stars . It is very good but there is plenty room for improvement for the small business owner . No need to be afraid . Purchase with confidence !
 For a small business this is an easy to use cost efficient program that allows one to track expenses , payroll and allow for integration of computerized timesheets .
 It was very easy to buy.I used this card to have many maps in my Garmin GPSmap 276C . It worked correctly and was very useful .
 Once again I 'm really satisfied with Amazon 's competitive prices not only on books , but also on this type of product.The delivery worked just fine as usually .
 This is very good product for GARMIN GPS 276C . Especially to use Captains in the sea.You save somany Maps in this SD Chard .
 It is just what i need , the Venezuelan maps were loaded together another ones I required there perfectly
 Saved our trip to Italy . Loaded the Italian maps , and off we went without a hitch
 This product was &#34; as advertised . &#34; Arrived on time , and was installed easily , plug and play and worked well in my Garmin 496 . .
 If you 're stuck with the Garmin only memory , the 512 is the way to go . It will hold 1/2 of the US if you 're using the NT maps , maybe 1/3 of the US with the older non NT maps.Why , why does it need to be so expensive ? And what was wrong with an SD card ? I do n't know , but this is your solution . Unless you 're only putting basic maps on it , go big and you wo n't be stuck reprogramming the card for each trip .
 Has allowed me to save maps for a trancontinantal trip on a single card . Previously on a 128MB card I had to periodically reload the card as the trip progressed . As with other Garmin storage , the card is seriously overpriced .
 It works perfect with my GPS 276CEnough memory.Perfect Product !!!
 If you want to have more maps available for the GPS , you need to have this card . It will hold all the maps you need for at least half the country . Well worth the price .
 I had few expectations for this product as my accounting and finance training was in large companies with multi-million dollar systems running on massive SAP & Oracle databases . So moving to found my own business meant learning a lot of new infrastructure , including our financial support.Quickbooks consistently impresses me with its ability to do what I need . For a small company , it provides a great deal of features and flexibility - you really can do an awful lot with the product . I am pretty confident that it will carry us through multiple offices , out of state locations , etc.You definitely need some accounting background -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- to try to dive in and use it ; because it 's so rich , and can do so much , I ca n't imagine trying to start using it without that background . I did go to a class through the SBA to get a quick primer on how to post transactions and such , which was useful.You can accomplish the same thing many ways in the system , which is both good and bad
 Over all this software is very good.The software does crash . But not as often as other reviews make it appear . Also , I had to download the latest update manually because it could n't auto-magically figure out my internet connection is persistent.My experience with this can be summed up easily . It is easy to use , when you have a question or you are at a loss , the answer is already on the screen or one click away.This software was obviously designed with end users in mind . It has a simple layout and it just could n't be easier to use in my opinion.The reports look professional and clean . I find it hard to believe others were complaining about the final reports . If the reports generated are n't clean and/or professional enough , I would have to say someone is living in a fantasy world . No banker , angel , or VC wants to see animated gifs or pinstripes on a business plan . Please get a grip on reality before you attempt to start a business!All the numbers are integrated and calculated so they are consistent across the entire business plan . If you had to do that manually you would be screwed every time you made a revision to a single entry . You would have to find where that entry was calculated across your entire plan and make the changes everywhere ... This feature ALONE is worth the price of admission!The software comes with two books also . No , not user manuals . Books that help you understand more about starting a business and how to plan appropriately.I can see why this is highly recommended . I will recommend it to anyone who is serious about starting a business and wants to validate their assumptions or get funding .
 Very solid . It helped me with the formalization of the thought process to building a business plan . It is missing a critical tool for building an organizational chart.While it appears to be used for generating organizational capital or bank loans , it is helpful even if this is not the need.I also bought the Marketing Plan Pro which was much more helpful to me as an orgainizational plan.Harry Turner
 Good product but need better , more complete business plan sample for video production.By the way , do not buy the product from Amazon if you need the product right away . They use UPS that is not reliable for fast delivery .
 This is a great program that could make anyone look like a genuis business-plan writer . I did not have any problems with it crashing at all . I would say that before using , you might want to do a lot of research on your business and also have some knowledge of how the financial statements work . For startup businesses , you want to have an estimate on all your expenses , the cash you would need , your maket analysis , and for existing businesses the same plus your current expenses and revunues.What worked for me was also saving a lot of the information as I went along . The software is lengthy , but there is a way to delete those extras that you do n't want on there . What 's great about it is that you just put in your estimated numbers and it does all the math for you and all the graphs as well . I strongly recommend . However , for someone just starting their first business and who have not been familiar with these documents and procedures , it might be challenging . One good thing though , is that it gives you examples that you can take from so you 're not doing it alone at all .
 I could n't have done a really long and complete business plan without this program . I loved how it was able to calculate all my financials , show graphs , and tell me how I did at the end . Some of it got alittle tricky , but it was no big deal . In the end , my bank loved it !
 This program suprised me . Not only was the Business Plan easy to create , external help was offered with hyper links and additional resource material . There were also two great books that came with the program that was an added bonus . I am very pleased that Palo Alto took the extra step to ensure that their customers can create a rock solid business plan .
 It is an easy to use product that walks you through building a business plan . I recommend it for the new business and new to business entrepreneur .
 I love this program . You have to have some financial background to set up some of it but it formats everything . You input the data and it spits out a stellar Business plan .
 i have been a fan of PaloAlto since 1998 ! those days teh scope was different for me . Although i live in another country altogether , the plans and wealth of samples in this software are priceless ! The only thing that sort of bugs me is that they stopped building newer versions for the Mac ! but no matter i use Paralells Desktop and the software runs great !
 I have enjoyed the product for many years and as always they have created a great product and upgrade ... also appreciate the added in box perks ... helps with many subjects ; marketing .
 The program is interesting , but you really need to check out the books to make it work . The book The Art of the Start by Guy Kawasaki is very helpful .
 This is great software that takes you through the steps to prepare a business plan . I used it in my MBA course to complete a semester long business planning project . I had a few minor probblems with the software crashing but my work was recovered without a problem .
 This product is very easy to use and is worth every penny . They give what they promise
 This product was very instrument in helping me secure funds for a small business start up .
 I was impressed by the effort on the part of the graphics . They are clean and colorful . Most of the games are worth playing as well . My son loves the humor . But , why , Mr. henson , did you not put in the voices of any of our favorite characters ? Only printed dialogue ? That 's unusual . No voice for kermit , or piggy . A nice swedish chef song we all know and love , but it seems the joy of hearing our favorite characters interact has been forgotten here . Other than that , the game is great fun , with a nice dash of humor from our favorite ` hecklers ' between sketches . That 's what each mini-game is set up as . Like a sketch from the original muppet show . This was enjoyable , but it lacked a little of the magic we remember .
 My 5 year old grandson got this Freddi Fish CD when he was 3years old and he still likes to go back to it because it has different clues . He has all 5 Freddi Fish mysteries and he and I enjoy them very much . You will not be disappointed if you purchase this one.Mary G. Sturkey , a dotting grandmother
 For starters , let me just say that we are a big computer family . Our three children have experienced many computer learning games , from Reader Rabbit to Putt-Putt . Nothing can begin to compare to Jumpstart World.Two of our children play JSW Second Grade regularly
 We have used several of the Jumpstart programs over the years , because my son -LRB- who has Down Syndrome -RRB- really learns alot from educational computer games . We enrolled in the online part of this product , and it is very close to one of the best we have tried . -LRB- see review of School Zone 's Time , Money & Fractions -RRB- What I liked best was that every time he finishes playing online , it seems to ` revise ' what and how it was presenting so that it is easier to learn the next time he logs on . He ca n't skip ahead and just do what he likes or what is easiest , he has to keep trying the elements that are more challenging for him . He loves the format , being able to choose his character and ` roaming ' around the little town.What I did n't like is it was a HUGE hassle getting it going on my Dell with XP OS , and I 'm not a novice at this stuff . The good part is that they are available by phone support and worked with me until it was working . It proved to be worth it altho I almost cancelled the whole thing it got so frustrating . Also , some of the areas are confusing as to how to navigate and there is little on screen help . Again , their phone support is a huge help.There is an online trial you can download , however , it is only 5 days and requires a credit card . You can find it at http://www.knowledgeadventure.com/jumpstartworld/trialsoon.aspx . I am always looking for good software products for 2nd - 3rd graders , please email me if you know of a good one ... or leave a comment telling me which one you like . Thanks !
 First I would like to say I do n't let my 6 year old play non-educational games . With that being said , she does enjoy this game and asks to play it as a reward . The map is easy to find and when asked to go to a charactor , they can click on the charactor and instantly arrive instead of having to move about the map . The reward gems keep her motivated.I just checked my email and the software mailed me an update on her progress . '' _____ has completed counting 1-100 , _____ has attempted the initial sound , ______ has attempted the ending sound . '' This was VERY impressive to me as I really appreciate I do n't have to stay by her as she does each activity . So me finding the nitty gritty info of her strengths and weaknesses is fantastic ! So tonight I 'll sit there and ask her to show me her gems and with that excitement we 'll work the weak points together . The charactors are cartoonish but for my child it 's great .
 my daughter ca n't get enough it is worth every penny , she is learning like never before , this system is even teaching her about saving money and to keep trying , it is also helping her self esteem . I did not expect to have to pay for each unit but I would recomend this product .
 I was skeptical that I could get my 2nd grader excited about playing any educational games , since he considers himself so much older now and above all those `` baby '' games . However , he absolutely loves this and has played only this since he got it , he does n't even seem to mind that it 's educational , since the learning exercizes are presented as fun little challenges that have to be mastered to get a gem -LRB- which he loves to spend on pets and stuff -RRB- . It does get expensive , since it requires a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- / mo subscription to go beyond the first two units , but for the excellent study practice and atmosphere of fun learning it provides , I really think it is worth it . You just ca n't put a price on a child enjoying himself so much while he is learning . Be prepared to shell out for the subscription tho , since my son did work thru the 1st unit in 4 days which means in a week he would have played thru the entire included units that you get for the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- purchase price . That is a little disappointing - that the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- does n't really buy you much , but again , the fact that my son is really enjoying himself while doing something educational -LRB- as opposed to just video games -RRB- is worth it .
 My kids love this . My son is in 2nd grade and immediately got addicted to the games . I also like the reports that Jump Start sends to tell me what he worked on . That service is new . I have used J.S. software for a long time and have found it good but not great . Anything that gets my kids having fun learning is a winner . My 6th grade daughter also likes the games and plays them for fun . She likes how you can unlock new things to do during the game as well as earn `` gems '' to decorate your cabin similar to the Nintendo games she likes . I 'm going to look for new J.S. games for her level .
 I purchased it to encourage her to do more difficult tasks in learning . Little did I know how infectious this would be . We saw that it had 12 levels to complete and the tasks plus lessons to achieve them were fun and viable . She completed 2 and was going for 3 ... could n't do anything but play the existing 1-2 levels . My naive awareness was that I had purchased a game with 12 levels.WELL ... now my grandchild is hooked and we need to move on . You go to the website and sign up as a member to buy the other levels . I will say the better deal was to buy all the next levels at once , download them and move on . It cost more to buy one as you need it.This is a great game . Everything works as it should , Graphics are amazing . You are able to put your own photo pictures around the town on the billboards or other adventure sites . A blimp flies around and you can add your own banner wording . It has become a family time game ... because it is so interesting to watch how she learns , how she improves with following instructions , and how she is so excited to move on to another gem or earn a new badge . We even ask if we can do some of the races or adventures , because they are so cool.She has Tuberous Sclerosis and this game has been a great fit for her learning disabilities and encouraging her to try harder . The math and reading tasks have really pushed her . We highly recommend this one .
 This was a fantastic way for our daughter to keep up her academic skills over the summer . Jump Start is a rewarding and challenging game . At the beginning of the school year , she was nervous about 2nd grade being too hard , but she did n't have to worry a bit
 My 7 year old son was excited to see he had a new ` computer game ' . What he and I did not realize was how much fun he would have learning while playing ! Highly recommend .
 we 've had this cd-rom for over a year now and my son still plays with it often . he 's easily bored , so that says a lot . this cd-rom offers many activities and one can change the levels for a more challenging interaction . it also contains cute songs and is visually beatiful . this is a great product !
 My 2 year old is a huge Pooh fan , and of course took to the good graphics and sound in this game right away . Some of the activities were rather non-sensical , but many were quite entertaining . Some of the counting and language excercises were very creative . The problem is that after we completed all of the activities and visited the bithday party -LRB- which took about 4 sessions -RRB- , there was nothing else in the game to hold his interest .
 I bought this game for my just turned 2 year old because she is a big Pooh fan . Some of the activities are a little hard for her but there are enough levels to keep her occupied . It seems like a great value because she will be able to use it for a few years and the price is so low .
 My first child liked it so much , I am repurchasing the series for my youngest . I bought the whole series -LRB- Toddler , Preschool and Kindegarden -RRB- for my first child some time ago.She spent hours playing the games and loved it . My youngest liked it to -LRB- Toddler & Preschool -RRB- but , unfortunately , scratched the CDs . He keeps asking for the Winnie the Pooh games so I am purchasing again Toddler & Preschool -LRB- fortunately , Kindergarden was spared ! -RRB-
 I bought this for my little preschoolers because it had different languages . My 3 year old just loves it and the best part is how many games there are to learn with . We are extremely satisified with this purchase : -RRB-
 My son is 2 going on 3 and he loves this game . There are 5 characters you can play with
 This is the perfect software to get your little one acquainted with a pc . Our son is 26 months . He only has to hold the mouse over an area to activate a game . No clicking . It has improved his hand/eye coordination and he loves playing the games independently . I was surprised how quickly he mastered all the games , but he continues to play with it and seems to enjoy it after owning it for 5 months .
 My first child liked it so much , I am repurchasing the series for my youngest . I bought the whole series -LRB- Toddler , Preschool and Kindegarden -RRB- for my first child some time ago.She spent hours playing the games and loved it . My youngest liked it to -LRB- Toddler & Preschool -RRB- but , unfortunately , scratched the CDs . He keeps asking for the Winnie the Pooh games so I am purchasing again Toddler & Preschool -LRB- fortunately , Kindergarden was spared ! -RRB-
 My students are thrilled with this product . Who does n't like Buzz and toystory ? The service at Amazon is A # 1 .
 My son was hesitant to learn reading but was great with Math , this really encouraged him to read since he had to read to understand what to do . Had some really fun games on it .
 Instant Gratification is what this DVD is.Within 10 minutes of watching it I had to open up my Cubaseand try several technics and short cuts that I never knew about.If you are a Cubase SX3 user buy this DVD.It 's in plain language . Not to fancy , just as if a friend were showing youor trading tricks and shortcuts .
 Accountants Edition allows me to access all my clients ' various versions of Quickbooks , which is a big time saver . I am a longtime Quickbooks user for my business fianaces , customer tracking , and billing etc. . A VERY user friendly software program . I highly recommend this software .
 I have found the product easy to use and would recommend it to others .
 I have clip art galore with product . Great for web design or power point slide shows . I would highly recoomend this product at this low price .
 I am so happy with this product . Very easy to use , on just a few discs -LRB- so not too much shifting around -RRB- . You can do an easy search of what you are looking for , and I have never come up empty-handed .
 The amount of thought that has gone into After-Effects is astounding . It is , at once , both easily grasped and deeply potent -- a difficult poise to achieve with any invention.The user-model is thorough and obviously has been arrived at through meticulous research and user-testing amongst professionals engaged in real-world post-production situations . The feature set is balanced and the user-interface metaphors finely tailored to the art of multi-layered , concurrent , motion-image production . Be it expressive motion graphics for a corporate video , undetectable compositing for broadcast , or sublime title sequences for feature films , in caring hands there is little in the video arts that can not be achieved with After-Effects . Alas , there are some shortcomings , one is that the color-space model is limited to 8-bit color -LRB- rather than the 16-bit that feature film work often demands -RRB- . Another is the really unfortunate lack of 3D space -LRB- which means that objects can not be translated , or `` moved , '' along the Z-axis but instead must be scaled to simulate this important element of composition -- a poor substitute -RRB- . Finally , some sort of , even rudimentary , content-management system would be very welcome , especially in work where many files are involved . I would pay another $ 1000 extra for the addition of these three things -LRB- heck , I might pay that just for the addition of 3D space alone -RRB- . These few deficiencies aside , After-Effects really stands out there on its own , and anyone engaged in serious desktop video owes it to themselves to add it to their bag of tricks .
 My seven year old son now loves volcanoes after playing with the Magic School Bus Volcano Adventure . He has enjoyed all the games which he has played repeatedly . Some of the games do n't seem to be as educational as other Magic School Bus adventures , but overall , my boy loves it .
 Microsoft keeps putting out educational software that rocks for kids . As a teacher , regular and special education , I welcome every issue Microsoft tackles . For several reasons . I know it 's gon na be good . Educational . Compelling . Enjoying ... As a parent of a seven year old , I know what good software can mean to a child . Microsoft knows , too . You will ... if you buy this issue .
 I am pleased with tho software . It arrived promptly , I have installed it , run it daily , and I am a happy customer.Thanks
 I bought this for my 3 year old grandson who is now 11 years . He had the best time with this and we were able to pass it on to his cousins who enjoyed it for a couple years . It was n't perfect , it would hang up occasionally and you had to have the right size keyboard to attach it to , but overall I thought it was one of the best computer games out there for children . They always see us at our computers and want to get there hands on them so this was a great idea . They were in front of a screen getting hands on without wrecking havoc by pressing things they should n't . I started with my grandson in my lap showing him how to work it and it did n't take long until he was able to work it all on his own . I now have three more grandsons that would love this but it is n't available to work with Windows Vista and/or 7 . There also was a Tonka version with it 's own playset for the keyboard which was great also .
 I first purchased this at our local Costco several years ago and was disappointed when we tried to play it . HOWEVER , since then , we have gotten a new computer -LRB- old one was from 1998 -RRB- and the game plays terrifically ! My son -LRB- 4 1/2 -RRB- loves it and while some of the activities are beyond him right now , there are plenty of others to entertain him .
 This is the best running game yet!We put it on a Win XP computer and it runs great and is easy for my 4 yr old to use . The game gives you three options for loading the software , so you can load the entire game -LRB- takes alot of disk space -RRB- or choose one of the other two options for a smaller install and you have to put the CD in while playing.when putting the game control box on the keyboard you have to be careful exactly which key it goes on , it is one key over from what you think it goes on , but once you figure out exactly where it goes , its simple each time to strap it on.It is the best game for kids we have bought so far !
 This is the most interesting and innovative game I have seen on the market in about two years -- innovative in terms of the fusion of various types of simulator games and problem solving games . The playset controller is extremely well laid out and friendly . I did not have any trouble placing it on my keyboard , but if it turns out you had trouble , you might buy a budget keyboard for $ 5 . Would it be worth the $ 5 just for this game ? I think so . My kid likes the idea he can pull the whistle control and cause the locomotive to couple with a railroad car . The controller also serves other tasks in different parts of the game -- sometimes it is used to sell tickets , other times it is used to get water from a water tower . I wo n't give away any more spoilers because I think your kids will enjoy discovering the different facets of this game on their own . I run this game on a PII-400 with 64MB and a TNT-Ultra-64MB card . It does halt for a few seconds on some occasions , so I think you need a relatively fast processor and video card to make the game work . It has caused the OS to hang once or twice after about 40 minutes of play , but nothing catastrophic . If you can run Mechwarrior 3 on you machine , you can run this game okay . The mood of the game is incredibly cheery and expansive because it has nice bright colors , nice puffy clouds and blue skies ; and the environment appears realistic because when you turn your train around the sun appears or disappears . You also select your own path on the track . You can either choose a task or just putter around the country side . If you do n't choose the right path , you do n't get anywhere , so thinking about objectives is crucial . Some game sections play little movies . Other game sections require that you do some trial and error testing to understand how controlling the track switching works . It is a rather demanding game because you must get certain tasks down in a certain logical sequence . I watched this game slowly improve my 5 years old 's motor sequencing skills over a period of about a half hour as he learned to how to drive the train and then to use controls to unload mail sacks from the mail train . A bit of parental coaching helps . And keeping an open mind is helpful because the user has to sort of get accustomed to the virtual environment . It 's not quite like just pressing a key on a keyboard because the playset controller is like a vehicle simulator . So I ca n't say enough about this `` game '' . Well there is one thing
 Im going to get The Thomas game on christmas eve by santa when it going to be christmas coming soon amazon is having a next year sale Thomas and friends buliding a new line .
 I purchased this software for my almost four son who is a Thomas fanatic . I had to help him out the first few times he tried to play the game . After about two weeks he was able to play it on his own for the most part.The graphics are much more than I had expected for a kiddie game . You can travel around the track endlessly if one wants . You stop at various stations to complete tasks necessary for one of four games chosen . The game does n't automatically take you to the correct station necessary to complete a task . You need to remember which destination is next and switch the track accordingly . I 've been quite shocked that my son is able to remember where to go and switch the track to get there ! Once the one game is completed the player is able to switch into a special siding and play reward game.I own Microsoft Train Simulator but I really like this game a lot . Not having to remember which keystrokes to press is a VERY nice touch . To bad MS Train Simulator does n't have a keyboard attachment . The playset will fit easily onto any normal square keyboard without any difficulties.In closing , I thought it would take my son a long time to master the game . The only negative I can think of is that it only has four games . But my son keeps playing them over again and does n't seem to mind . It 's still challenging and enjoyable for him . I guess that leaves lots of room for sequel software . It is an excellent game for little kiddies .
 I read all the reviews on this Thomas Computer game and dispite the bad ones I still purchased it for my four year old son who is crazy over anything `` Thomas the Train '' . It has never locked up on me and I had no troubles at all installing it on top on my keyboard . -LRB- although you do have to get it perfectly in the right spot which can be a little tricky -RRB- Once installed it does n't shift or fall off the keyboard and the program works just fine . My son loves this game . It is by far a favorite of his and he has quite a few computer games in his growing collection . He reaches for it time after time . My 6 year old daughter plays with it and she seems to like it as well so it 's not just for the little boys out there ! The graphics are real cute and they love driving the trains , dropping the passengers off at the station and doing the different jobs involving the railroad . I would say this is a good game for any child between the ages of 3 and 7 . In my opinion , any child under 3 years of age are to young for computer games anyway and any child older then seven will find this game to be to babyish for them . One downfall to this game that I had read in another review which is true ... it is hard to exit the game . You have to complete the job in order to do so which is a bit of a pain and a little time consuming . Other then that I rate this game 5 stars because ANY toy that can keep my kids entertained for more then 30 minutes and that is played with again and again and again ... . I feel was a good purchase and money well spent .
 This is my three year old son 's favorite game . He does not have any problems understanding how to use the controls . It is wonderful that it helps with listening and following directions . Most of Thomas friends are in the game from helping to be able to stop and chat with them.This is the only game that he has so far that I give a total thumbs up on . The only drawback that we have had so far is getting my son to quit playing .
 My 3.5 year old boy , who also plays with the wooden trains , likes this game . He received it a month after his 3rd birthday . It took him several weeks of playing a few hours a week to completely master the game . Inspite of his current mastery , he still would play it for longer than we will allow . He needs almost no supervision or assistance to play . He opens the CD-ROM drive puts the game in , clicks the appropriate box , and would play for an hour.The keyboard attachment confused my wife . She was unable to discern the correct manner of velcroing it at first , prior to be shown by me . I was able to do it with a few manipulations . My wife now has no problem attaching it . My son can not attach it.We like the keyboard attachment due to the abuse it takes instead of our mouse and keyboard , but are dissapointed that the other two Thomas games do not accomadate the attachment .
 Great game that my 5 year old loves to play . Cleverly designed Thomas engine controls sit atop a STANDARD keyboard are easy for a child to use . Nice graphics and variety of activities , developes memory and decision making skills , all without any violence ! The only downside is I want my computer back ! Seriously , the game requirements are such that it will probably run on your old computer if you have one . If not , they can be had for little expense . Now where did I put that old one ? ...
 Very charming , lots of fun , and good for repeated play . The controls are easier to use than a mouse . So far the only thing that troubled my daughter -LRB- 4 -RRB- was finding the right position from which to change a signal . Otherwise she picked it up quickly and proudly taught my wife how to drive Thomas.There are four scenarios plus several mini-games and places where you can see short videos . It takes a while to do everything . It 's also fun to just drive around seeing the Sodor scenery and meeting other engines.This game is much better than Trouble on the Tracks . ToT involves a bunch of boring jobs that never appealed to my daughter . And the ToT software performed erratically on our old PC -LRB- AMD 500 MHz , no graphics card -RRB- . The voices are different from the videos , but my daughter does n't seem to care .
 Our son loves this game so much -LRB- he received it for his birthday two days ago -RRB- , we can hardly get him to do anything else ! Even adults will enjoy assisting the child `` drive '' Thomas and complete the chores given to Thomas by Sir Topham Hat . Your child will see the stations , the other engines , listen to Thomas speak to him -LRB- or her -RRB- , and even see Thomas from above at certain points -LRB- e.g. , entering a station -RRB- . Most views are from `` inside '' Thomas , and I think it 's a particularly nice touch to see Thomas ' firebox burning . Warning
 My parents purchased this product for my 4 year old son . He is familiar with the workings of a train because of my father 's `` H&O ; '' train layout , and learned this quick . After the toutorial he was on his way with the rockslide adventure . He completed the entire thing with minimmal input from me or his mother . After that he was a pro ! He had a great time.We ran this on a WinXP computer without any problems at all.Great Product ! I hope hasbro makes more games to work with the controler .
 My 4 and half year old lives for Thomas and has for two years now . Nothing interest him more then Thomas and evey conversation leads back to Thomas or trains eventually . If you have a kid anything like mine then this is a must have!There is nothing I can say negative about this toy . It introduces computer skills while allowing him to play with his favorate pal . I have been able to seg-way into other computer pre-school games with a more learning emphasis , by use of this fun toy . I like to play it myself.The graphics are great . The instructions simple but the tasks are not . Your child will need help if he has no computer skills or is n't a good listner . But once he has done the task once , he be able to do it by himself again soon and with the log on screen , his adventure will be just a bit different each time.Every time a child masters a tasks he is able to print out a certificate with his name on it.Just great . Love it . The only problem I 've had with my son is getting him off the game at bed time . There are tears and he says , `` I miss Thomas . ''
 The playset controls are easy for children to use but still require thought and planning to complete the adventures . After assisting my son with the basic navigation and showing him each of the four control 's functions , he has been learning and playing with little assistance.There are four main adventures which now take my son approximately 15 minutes to complete . Several smaller adventures , which also require thought and planning to complete , are conquered in less than 5 minutes.Positive verbal feedback as well as `` Well Done '' certificates which the children can print out in black and white or color . Black and white pictures are useful for coloring later.Only drawback is that the playset controls fit over your keyboard . It does n't fit correctly on several keyboards I have because they are curved . Flat keyboards work fine .
 We got this for my 3-yr . old son as his first computer game . This is the coolest game I 've ever seen ! He loves moving the `` troublesome trucks '' around & doing different jobs - then he prints his achievement certificates from Sir Topham Hatt . My 6-yr . old has actually asked to play this game over some of his own ! It is easy to figure out the strap-on controls . We have a growing library of computer games & this ranks right at the top !
 I rate this 5 stars based on how much my daughter likes it relative to other software . The keyboard-top module makes the difference.My daughter -LRB- 4-1/2 -RRB- received this for Christmas , and has enjoyed it immensely . She 's been a huge Thomas fan since she was two , and already had the Railway Festival and Trouble on the Tracks games . Those were diverting for a while , but this one has captivated her . She 'll spend as long as we let her driving along , carrying out tasks . It 's very mechanical -- not a great deal of creativity or strenuous problem-solving involved -- but she enjoys it a great deal.I view it as a good complement to her other favorites
 I do n't know that my son is any more or less computer savvy than the next kid , but we bought this for him for his birthday , and after spending 30-45 minutes playing it with him , he played by himself for HOURS . We could n't get him away from it.We were afraid we were going to have trouble with it , because we could n't get the Tonka Digs and Rigs to work with our computer , but once we figured out where to place the controller on our apparently not-standard keyboard , it never needed a single readjustment while he was playing .
 We had originally received this as a hand-me-down from a friend for our older son who played it so frequently , that the CD eventually wore out -LRB- too many scratches -RRB- . When my second son &#34; discovered &#34; Thomas , we purchased the CD and he was off and running , exploring the Island of Sodor ! The graphics obviously do n't compare to current video games but there is something fun and innocent about playing along with Thomas , Edward , Harold , and the rest of the gang . Great toy . Too bad it 's not made any longer .
 The game is brilliant and keeps my 5 year old grandson amused for hours but i am unhappy with a couple of things . The first is that i had to pay the royal mail 26.27 for import duty and handling charges , and the second is that my grandson can not print off any certificates on the game . I have sent an email to the game manufacturers over a week ago about this problem but have had no reply .
 I bought the playset last Christmas . My 4 years old daughter loves this game and have much fun.The game can be play and have fun without language gap . She learned to drive the train to places in the game , and know many things about the train after I explained to her.I 'm looking for other adventure courses for the playset , but no luck . I hope the manufacture can continue to make the series .
 This was a Christmas present for our Thomas-crazy `` just turned 3 '' son and he has loved it ! I place the set on our keyboard and he completely takes it from there . He quickly mastered all of the games , but he still enjoys going back and trying them again and again . We have quite a collection of children 's software , and this ranks among the best so far for his age group . I suppose from reading the other reviews , you simply need to make sure that your computer and keyboard are compatible with the game and that your child enjoys challenges that require a little more attention to details .
 This was the only thing that my 3 yr old son wanted for Christmas ! He plays with it religiously almost everyday ! He loves that he gets to drive the train and interact with other characters from the series as well . It really is a wonderful game and worth the money ! Especially for a child who has Thomas on the brain night and day like mine does !! The effects and detail on this game are truly remarkable .
 I had been wondering why this was n't available , now it is . Uses a plastic overlay for the keyboard and is good at explaining itself . Pretty easy for him to use . Only problem is it has hidden games which are apparently open after you finish the tasks , but he wants to play now . I would reccomend it .
 My son just received this for his 5th birthday . At first when he opened this up , I thought ... `` Oh no , not another disapointing computer game . '' I was afraid it was going to be either too difficult for him to understand , confusing , or just too stupid for it to be worth his time . Well , was I wrong . He has played this game almost every day for two weeks and it continues to challenge and excite him.The game challenges my son to complete several tasks as the engineer of Thomas . My son is learning to listen carefully to the directions and makes sure to follow them exactly to complete the tasks . Some of the directions are a little confusing , but with a little help from Mom or Dad we can get him back on track . The best part of the game is the boost in confidence and independence in him that we can see . I would highly recommend this game for any Thomas fan of age 4 or older .
 My 2-1/2 year old son absolutely loves this computer game . The control board that nests on the keyboard it very easy to use and the best part of the game because it 's easy for a little one to control . My son highly recommends this products to all Thomas the Tank Engine fans !!
 My child loves this game ! Even my husband and my 9 year old love it ! I did not have to finish a task to be exit , however . Just press the escape button and you will be taken to the credits . From there , however , you have to push the CTRL and ALT and DELETE buttons at the same time . It was ask if you want to end task and you say yes . Then you are out of it . That is about the only gripe I have . Otherwise , great product and well worth the money ! -LRB- There was rebate when I purchased mine also ! -RRB- Hope this helps ! Marsha
 Picked this up to help our son learn a little more about story structure . I helped when he was writing his college essays and reports .
 I just got it today but i love it . It 's fun and you learn things you did n't know about the guyz . I think that every ultimite fan should get this .
 the nsync hotline rocks.you get to hear their real voices.on the computer you get to see their faces.they 're games are fun but it 's only five games -LRB- not a lot -RRB- . if you 're a fan of nsync , get this , you will have fun .
 The * NSYNC Fantasy Phone and CD Rom game is GREAT ! I am an ... um hum ... older ... fan of * NSYNC and love this game and phone . It comes with a plug to insert in your SoundCard and into the phone -LRB- note
 I ca n't begin to tell you how much fun this game is . I am about 4 years past my teens -LRB- you do the math -RRB- and I still love this game . For all the info on what is in the game , read the amazon info or the other review up here . I think my favorite part of the game is the messages from the guys and the fact that you can call the guys up and ask them yes or no questions kind of like having a Nsyncer magic 8 ball . I was n't sure about spending my hard earned money on the game but it was well worth it and easy to set up . The hardest part was hooking up the computer cord for the phone . I highly recomend this game for any true nsync fan . The triva has questions on things that I did n't even know -LRB- and I know A LOT ! -RRB- .
 the nsync hotline rocks.you get to hear their real voices.on the computer you get to see their faces.they 're games are fun but it 's only five games -LRB- not a lot -RRB- . if you 're a fan of nsync , get this , you will have fun .
 I must say this was a guilty pleasure . I do n't really like nsync but I saw this game for only 12 dollars and had to get it . It was actullay preety fun , but not enough fun to last awhile . The games on the cd rom were alright . I had a lot of trouble on the triva though.Here is my review on each game.Charity Challenge - I did n't like this to much . It just was n't that fun.Trivia - This was hard for me since I am not an nsync fan . Really big nsync fans will have no problem on this though.Bowling - This was pretty cool . I love to bowl so this was pretty cool to have on this game . The guy 's heads are drawn on to five of the pins and they talk every now and then . Very cool!Quick change - I kinda like this . It was pretty fun but each guy has the same outfits . They should have given each guy their own clothing.Make a Move - My fave . I think I like this one because I like rytym/dance games . This was kinda like a dance game in a way.So there you have it , my review . Very great for some nsync fun !!
 I just got it today but i love it . It 's fun and you learn things you did n't know about the guyz . I think that every ultimite fan should get this .
 The phone is very cool . It 's really great because you tell them your name and the time you go to bed and they ring you and say goodnight ! It 's like a real phone it 's so cool . If you do n't answer the phone they leave a message . You can call them and ask them questions . The phone is great but I do n't like the games very much so I gave it 4 stars .
 this looks like an actual phone.it is really fun when evry morning i can open up my locker and hear my favorite band 's real voices .
 I am ... a HUGE NSYNC fan . I know this toy seems childish , but it is a lot of fun . It 's really well made -LRB- I 've had it since Christmas , and nothing has gone wrong yet -RRB- The instructions are easy to understand , and the menues are simple enough for small children . The games might appear to be `` lame '' but they are actually fun , and become quit addicting.I 've brought my phone to school with me to show my friends and as long as I turn the ringer off it will never interupt a class .
 My friend has this and she brought it to our school . I spent ALL day calling Lance and J.C. asking questions . I am going to get this in a few days . I recomend this BIG TIME !!!!!
 Granted , this is n't the same as having an actual karaoke machine hooked up to your computer , but my daughter has really enjoyed it -- it 's more like mad-libs where you get to fill in the blanks in the songs . The music is a lot of fun and of course she loves the characters . Unlike -LSB- another -RSB- reviewer , we can hear our daughter 's voice loud and clear through our speakers . And there is one area where voice recordings can be played backwards . Like I said , it 's not a karaoke machine , but we did n't expect it to be , so we 're satisfied .
 Though the jacket on mine indicated Star Trek ; the series isonly lightly discussed . This is an educational Interactiveequipped with mini quizzes on Science Fiction . It covers quitea lot more than I thought or had known . Nice primer for the price .
 I tried this software before I bought it and I was very happy with how easy it is to use . It recorded my old tapes with a $ 4 stereo cable that I ran from my cassette player to my PC . The files it made were not too big to manage and they played perfectly . This is very well made software . Best of all , you do n't have to jump through hoops to install it . Highly recommended .
 My old LPs and 45s live again on CD ! What you get is a disk which downloads the Spin it again program onto your computer . You will need to buy a wire to connect your LP player to the sound card of your computer . It 's easy to edit and it took all the noise out of my old LPs .
 I had tried several popular brands of multimedia software , including Easy CD Creator -LRB- all incarnations -RRB- and was making very slow progress in converting over 2,000 albums into electronic format . Then I found Spin-It-Again and my progress zoomed . This is by far the most efficient program for LP to wave/mp3 conversion . It does n't do several things halfway ; it does one thing superbly . I can convert , title and convert a single album in under 45 minutes from start to finish . Track separation is very easy as is naming and categorizing song titles , especially with the new album look-up feature in version 2 . You can produce anywhere from 64 to 320 kbps mp3 files or leave them in wav format.I wen from converting 150 albums in six months to over 1500 in the next six months . The folks from Acoustica have allowed me to put all my oldies , rock 'n' roll , new wave into my hand , my gym , and my car . My wife is absolutely thrilled with the mix CDs I make her now.Spin-It-Again rocks !!
 This is a terrific program . Easy to use , and good instructions.If you use any Y connections make sure you buy the right kindfor Stereo , and not mono or Phono Y 's . This is the only mistakeI made . It 's nice to put my old 33 's on CD 's and listen to themon a CD player . No more flipping records . You ca n't tell its acopy of a record , it sounds like a quality CD .
 Before buying I dl 'd their free trial software . I also DL Audacity free software . I recorded three separate songs with each . I spent about a half hour per song trying to remove noise using Audacity . I used Spin IT Again 's Remove Crackle and Pop selection . I did not have any add ' l plug-ins but did the best I could with each software . I let my daughter , a professional sound engineer , listen to each song and tell me which she liked . She picked Spin It Again for all three songs . Audacity is excellent software , maybe a bit hard to use . It is made for doing more than transferring LP 's and Tapes.I made the decision to purchase . I have transferred over a dozen albums by now . One feature that has been well worth the price is the ability to look up albums by title or author . There was only one album it could not exactly find - it was a greatest hits and listed 15 songs of which my vinyl held 12 so it was simple matter of deleting the add ' l songs and then move the song tracks to match the order on my album . One of the Musicals was a toughie but I finally found it by searching by the songwriter.The reason to find the album if possible is that the track times can be used to find the track breaks . It helps but I have not transferred a single album that I have not had to tweak the track breaks . Selecting the end of a track and the beginning of the next can take from a few minutes to a half hour depending on how much silence is between the tracks.I also use the auto level wizard for most albums . My daughter tells me that all albums are mastered so the volume is close track to track for the particular album so by selecting the loudest song , the rest fall easily within the volume selection.I try not to buy software if there is a free version even if the freebies is a bit harder to use but this software is worth the price.Acoustica Spin It Again Vinyl Restoration
 I am really impressed with Spin It Again . I recently purchased a USB turntable which came with a CD of Audacity for recording LPs . Audacity is nice for some purposes , but its interface is way too fiddly for this purpose , it sometimes lost track of which audio interface it was supposed to be using , and its track-splitting feature is about as inaccurate as they come.Spin It Again made all of those frustrations go away . The interface is superlative
 I 've been using several different programs from ancient to modern , and none of them possess the ease of operation combined with good results . This program will teach you step-by-step , and also help you find parts if you do n't have everything you need . You 're most difficult step falls on what type of system you have , -LRB- that includes your turntable & computer -RRB- . If you can get your turntable/stereo system to connect properly with your computer you 've completed the hardest task ! And Spin It Again will help you with this part!For those of you who might be younger let me fill you in
 This disc give you more info that you can find on the net -- Give you another view that you did have in 1963
 The Encyclopedia of the JFK Assassination Is an excellent research and resource tool . I do wish the manufacture would upgrade and re-release , this amazing product.I purchased many years ago and loaned it out ... so I purchased again in 2006 from AMAZON . It is like having a dozen books on the Assassination of Kennedy , but compiled and accessible to everyone.This is an encyclopedia in that you can go to each section such as witnesses/weapons/timeline / photos / etc , and be immersed in the details that would take hours of skimming through written material . All is present in a clear concise manner.I found my self just wanting to check one little item , and staying in the section . This is not a demo , but comprehensive Amazing gift of facts.This program will top the list of anyone interested in the details and facts , rather than the sensationalism of this period of our history .
 this is a good CD and a very intersing one . it has photos , a quiz , and a narrator , but i think it 's just a demo.not sure.pretty good demo though .
 SureTrak was designed with features that practicing project managers need , not glitzy fluff . Although the two previous reviewers have made strong cases for SureTrak there are a few details that I 'd like to add . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Multiple calendars - you can have up to 31 base calanders per project , giving you absolute control that is not possible with other PM applications in this price range . This feature allows you to model different resource baselines , which is powerful . Also , unlike MS Project , SureTrak does not assume it knows better than you and change the project in strange and mysterious ways after you 've made an adjustment . This alone makes SureTrak worth using . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Earned Value project management is built in and works correctly . If you 're a PMP you 'll not only appreciate the solid implementation of earned value , but should also know that the earned value portions of the PMBOK were developed by members of the Primavera team -- Quentin Fleming and Joel Koppelman -- who also authored Earned Value Project Management , second edition . This adds a high level of trust in the way SureTrak works . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Project resource leveling works -LRB- it 's somewhat ` challenged ' in MS Project -RRB- , and the ability to automatically forecast resource shortages , trace PERT logic , use precedence diagramming method if you so choose , and the ability to jump from WBS , resource , activity or PERT views with a mouse click shows your project from any perspective . Another nice feature is the ` cosmic ' view of the PERT view that shows the entire network in one window and details in another . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The reports , profiling and analysis options are too many to list . Suffice it to say that if there is a view or report that is n't shipped with SureTrak -LRB- and I can not think of any -RRB- , you can easily create one.Although it has serious features , it also has glitz
 If you are planning , scheduling and controlling projects in accordance with the process laid out by Project Management Institute 's Project Management Body of Knowledge -LRB- PMBOK -RRB- then you will appreciate this program 's power and features.The features that align to the PMBOK are
 The latest version of Primavera Sure Trak , version 3.0 improves an already great project scheduling product . Primavera 's lead as the premiere author of professional scheduling software is bumped up another notch with this latest version . Project managers in all fields , not just construction or technical fields will find the Project Kick Start Wizzard a breeze to set up a project . Updating the progress of a project has never been easier using the progress spotlight feature . The built in tutorial walks any new user through the many new and useful features for formating and for setting up project schedules . As a construction professional with 25 years of varied project experience , this scheduling software is easy for even a first time user to quickly learn.As a professor of construction engineering for the last 7 years at a major midwest university , this software is my number one recommendation to all my students in the construction engineering program .
 I have used this product for several years , and it has become my favorite for use in planning engineer/procure/construct projects . This product compares each task 's percent complete to the current date to establish early start and finish dates , and adjusts dependent tasks accordingly . That feature immediately eliminates false float until late tasks or all tasks have been updated correctly . The built-in filters and reports are excellent . The improved PERT interface is helpful when establishing overall logic , particularly amoung numerous engineering disciplines , construction crafts , project administration personnel , and client budget and schedule requirements . Its ability to create files that may be incorporated into Primavera Project Planner files allows EPC contractors to schedule the engineering and procurement portion of their projects with a very cost effective product . This product makes it possible to utilize a relatively static amount of manpower to accomplish numerous projects simultaneously , providing information on which tasks on which projects must be performed in which sequence so that each of the projects is completed on time .
 this scheduling software can do anything you need it to do . it 's not simple enough to use , though , without having either studied the users manual in depth or taken a college course on the software . i have take a course on the software so it works great for me .
 I like this product . I am in commercial construction and use this product to schedule jobs . I would buy this product again .
 While Sure Trak is a good product , it has been discontinued for years . There is no tech support available , and there is no way to upgrade this product .
 I bought this a while back when my two sons -LRB- 4 & 3 -RRB- started to argue and fight more than usual . I made them both sit down together and watch the movies , play the games and read/listen to the stories . After they played the game a few times and listened to the stories , I noticed that the fights/arguements were happening a lot less . Coincidence ? Probably not . They liked it a lot . They also recommend the JumpStart and Adiboo programs as well .
 When our computer was stolen with Ocean Explorer in the disc drive , our grandchildren were very upset . We were very excited to find that we could still find it at Amazon . The replacement disc is in terrific condition and the kids are happy again.Thanks !
 well its a good software as far as the rendering is concerned its better then bryce and light effects are good camera handeling is ok.transforming the images in to heave texturized maps is superb.awesome software.but above all its ik is the best i have ever seen in any other 3d software other than hig ones i guess .
 If you have a MAC and are looking for a utilites bundle , this is the one . If you are looking to regain some disk space Chaos Master is great ! Go slow the fist time through though ; it 's easy to remove needed items . If in doubt double check , as you can have several files or folders with the same name in different apps . As always you should have anything important backed up first -LRB- read the instructions - often handy -RRB- . I cleaned out 81.67 MB my first time . All the applications in this package are easy to set up and use . I bought it for 3 of the seven -LRB- Chaos master , Disk Warrior , and Conflict Catcher -RRB- , the others are PURE BONUS ; the three I wanted would have cost more individually than all seven in this bundle . I 'm no wizard with computers , and need all the help I can get with solving / resolving problems that arise from time to time , these tools make it easy to do . Simple and effective software makes using it a pleasure . You will not be dissapointed .
 A good suite of useful utilities . I must say though that the documentation is a bit lacking , but I rarely use manuals anyway. ;-RRB- so it 's not that big of an issue . All the programs worked without a hitch .
 This upgraded product is needed if you have Windows Vista , older version has known problems . New product works great .
 We have been using PC anywhere for years . I saw this product at an IT show and got scanned by the sales staff -LRB- as you do -RRB- . The CD arrived a few days later and I decided to give it a go.This product is brilliant . Its 10 times as fast , does everything PC Anywhere does and loads more . Its cheaper , yet it gives you on the fly Hardware & Software Inventory Reports , has full Audio support and more.The best bit is their `` one-to-many '' concept . I 'm used to copying a file from PC A to PC B and so on , with NetSupport Manager you can distribute files to 20 PCs in a single go , or literally view a dozen Remote Systems at the same time.Anyway , Its not the best known product , but if you start searching for it on the Web , it is sold all over the globe and I have yet to see a bad review.I hope this helps , as you probably guessed , I am now fully converted to NetSupport Manager
 I use it mostly for writing out lead sheets or solo Piano music and it does the job fine . Transposition is easy , you can copy and paste sections of music . If like me your ability to write music down is limited by not being able to put down on paper what you hear in your head , or play with your fingers , this will help you no-end , since you can playback what you 've written using the software at any speed . So if you 've used a quaver instead of a crotchet it is soon apparent.I have not investigated score writing , but certainly on small scale -LRB- i.e. I do n't think Mahler is possible ! -RRB- this is possible.You can add chords , lyrics , repeats , Codas etc.All in all I have found it a fabulous package for the money .
 easy to start using and easier progressions to higher levels of use
 We 've come a long way baby . Public transportation today is quick and efficient.Looking at this DVD it 's clear that that has not always been the case . The historical footage on here shows how trolleys and ships and old motor cars were used to get people around about 70 years ago.While the footage is beautiful and awe inspiring , its astounding how difficult and inefficent all of these methods of transporation were.The clips are filmed well and I 'm impressed by the restoration process .
 then version 2 !! Especially the ATT voices are a big surplus , does sound like a human beeing now!Have fun with it
 and was impressed with my first , simple video - a series of movie clips and stills set to music from a cd . My experience is that the program has a tendency to freeze up my computer -LRB- a 400 mHz laptop pc , 128M RAM -RRB- the first time I run the software and begin taping , but after restarting a couple of times , it works fine . So far I 've only captured video from television and VHS format tapes , which is easy to do . The software is not complex , but there are a some things you just have to learn through trial and error . I would recommend this software - it 's a good value and it 's not difficult to get professional results .
 Before I bought this product I was using the aweful video capture software with the Voodoo 3 TV card . Not only does this software allow capture in MPEG1 ,2 and AVI but you can caputure just the sound , video , stills etc.Then I found the editing functions . It took a while to get used to the new MGI interface -LRB- the same for MGIPhotosuite -RRB- but it is very intuitive.To build a film and produce it is done with ease . You can have all the basic editing like trasnstions , captions , effects , add audio etc. . This is for any would be producer but of course if you are a professional then stay clear as this is vey basic but very good ! It satisfies all my needs for video capture and editng , has loads of options and is all at a good price ! I just wish you could get rid of the annoying introduction at the start !
 I purchased Videowave as a upgrade from Ulead 's VideoStudio 2SE . It is a much better program . I have been making some really fun videos of my son to burn onto CD 's and distribute to family memebrs in other parts of the country . The effects and editing features are outstanding . Results look very professional . Download the 3.5 upgrade from MGI . It adds some important features like MP3 support , new fade effects , and the ability to save custom text effects .
 Originally bought this to upgrade VideoWave SE that came with my Iomega Buz analog capture card . Unfortunately it was not compatible with the hardware . Well my analog camcorder died and I ugraded to a Sony digital 8 and a firewire card . Have been using 3.0 now for 4 months making home videos and the familiar interface from SE has been added plus . Have n't had time to dig too deep into this program but for making quick home movies , it is easy to use if you at least take a quick look at the instructions or use the packaged tutoring cd . The only problem I 've had is when I plug the camera in or turn the camera on after the program is started , most of the time it does not recognise the camera is there . So , make sure your camera is plugged in and turned on before you open the program . Other than that I have not had any problems .
 this product is great , with a few glitches . i like the interface once you get used to it . i noticed that after producing videos , transitions have a bit of a ` hiccup ' when the transitions start and end . my system is custom built with 256 mb ram and an athlon 650 , and a quantum fireball 7200 rpm hard drive , so i know its not the hardware . my biggest problems however , have to do with interfacing the computer with my jvc cam . the dv capture works perfectly , but exporting the finished product to the cam can prove troublesome . overall , however , i think the videos look great , the interface is flexible and you can do a lot with this program . i have pinnacle 's studio DV and adobe premiere , but most of the work i do is done with videowave because its quick and simple . i would recommend this product for almost all home and semi professional uses .
 I bought a copy for $ 10 several years ago to give to my son who was about 12 years old at the time . I did n't have to help him very much at all and he was mixing his own animated cartoons with clips of himself and friends using our old camcorder , mixing the Simpsons with The Matrix , mixing in different sound clips , etc.For $ 10 at that time , the ability to produce MPEG2 along with other types of video -LRB- which allowed my son to enter a contest for short clips for TV -RRB- was pretty impressive to me . Now , several years later , it 's more the norm.From reading the other reviews it seems that there are some systems which do n't support it very well -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . This leads me to believe that the main flaw may be not clarifying system requirements . We used a Pentium with Hauppauge 's WinTV .
 I have a brother who is a toddler . He plays this game all the time and loves it . He is a total Pooh fan so this fits him !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! His favorite character is Tigger . He loves the way Tigger is . `` I like Tigger !! '' he says.Buy this game !! It 's fantastic !!
 This software did n't impress me at first , but my 13 month old son has come to enjoy it and request it . At the beginning , the Pooh characters wave to us , and now my son will come over to the computer and wave at it as if to ask me to start this software . When I start it up , he gets excited and starts banging on the keyboard . The software is based on the idea of `` pressing any key '' , and then things happen on the screen . The graphics are a little lame , but the voices are quite good . It is a little funny at times , and the five different activities give it replay-ability . This software is a nice change of pace from videos , and I would buy it again .
 My 15 month old loves this software ! She particularly loves helping Pooh find his honey and playing peek a boo with Tigger . As far as the Start , Control , and Alt keys are concerned -LRB- in reference to ... ... -RRB- , I have had no troubles . Although it is a bit slow on the reaction time for a couple of the modules , you would n't expect Winnie the Pooh to be bouncing all over the screen either . The musical pots and pans with Roo has an instant reaction time . As far as keeping your baby attentive , keep in mind that babies still have short attention spans , and most wo n't sit still for an hour -LRB- mine never sits still -RRB- . However she has sit still for 20 minutes in my lap to play this game ! Overall , this is an excellent program , and I will be purchasing the toddler version in a few months .
 I too must come to the defense of this product . My daughter , now 18 months , has loved this since 9 months . We have Reader Rabbit and Jumpstart , which she enjoys , but is clearly more entertained by Winnie the Pooh and Friends . Granted , she may not think this is much different than a video , but she is learning to hit the keys , and understand there 's a relationship with them and the action on the screen . The quality is great - the best I 've seen for baby and toddler software .
 I must come to the defense of the the program based on the other reviews . My son loves it . He has been observed to be at least 6 months ahead of average on verbal and learning skills and is not bored by the program.The slow response to pressing a key can only be caused by a slow computer . Ours is nearly 5 years old and responds wonderfully . As to using it with a 3 year old , it is rated 9-24 months , not 36 . Comments by other reviewers suggest that THEY were not impressed , remember it is for the kid not the adult . As to pushing all the keys , be ready to teach your child from the first play to touch a single key rather than bang on it at will . My son learned this on the first day.Give it a try .
 Extremely useful to me . I need the software for my use at office and presently use the one which belongs to my friend . A free software to me if sent shall be benefitial to me . Dr. P.K.N. Raghavan
 This is a great package because it includes not only Word , Excel , Powerpoint , and some other nice stuff , but FrontPage , which is a very nice website authoring tool . As FrontPage alone sells for quite a lot , this is a good deal , even at the original selling price.BEWARE , however , of the items listed here on the Amazon page because not all these MS Office 2000 listed here are Premium . Several are MS Office Professional , and they do NOT contain FrontPage . A clue to which is which is the number of CD 's in the package . Premium should contain 4 CD 's , not 2 .
 The product is fantastic . Easy to install and to run . It has 4 discs
 I started out using RedHat a few years ago with version 4 . After trying numerous distributions at home and at work , on desktops and on laptops , I find myself returning to Red Hat . RH does n't necessarily come with all the bundled SW of Mandrake and SuSE , but it all just WORKS . I have yet to find a machine on which I could not successfully install Red Hat straight-out-of-the-box . Simply a very well put together package .
 I give this 4 stars because at times it is too hard for the suggested age group . Also , I had to reset my graphics accelerator according to Disney 's Customer Support page which no child should be doing . I needed the hints to start level 4 and found the cave to get the `` missing '' honey pots . I liked the game enough to keep trying to find out why it would n't play and was not disappointed with the end results . Sadly , I am an adult learning to play computer games .
 I find it difficult , but my kindergarten son really enjoys it .
 I highly recomend this game . My son is 5 months old and he loves Tigger and the graphics of this game . We do n't own the game but , my best friend does and I sat with my son in front of her computer and played the game with him . I have never seen him so excited about anything before except for food . So I do highly recomend this game .
 As far as the game itself , it is great , especially with the attention to detail in the parks . It 's wonderful to race in such familiar places ! It 's also great for children - no violence.It 's easy to race , yet has some challenging pieces as well . Certainly worth the price.My only complaints are that the vast majority of the characters are not at all familiar . Exiting the game is difficult , since it was obviously made for console players first , where you can simply remove the disk or restart -LRB- not so easy on PC -RRB- .
 This little game exceeded all of my expectations and then some . For any fan of Walt Disney World , this is paradise ! Each race track is base on an area of the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida , and the environments are simply outstanding . I found myself enjoying watching my wife play the game so I could watch the scenery without worrying about having to drive !!! You will smile and laugh throughout the entire game as familiar landmarks stream by you while you race various vehicles -LRB- you drive a Doom Buggy through the Haunted Mansion -RRB- . It is also worth mentioning that the soundtracks that accompany each race track are pulled from their respective attractions which can be really funny . This game will bring back memories of all of your trips to Disney . The gameplay is excellent as you will need to complete many different tasks to complete the game . I 've waited a long time for the release of this game , and it was worth it . Tremendous fun .
 Ever since i was young i always dreamed of going to Walt Disney World , but no that i live in florida i go there every chance i get!But the days i cant go i just play this game , its like being on the rides themselves!Not to easy for you to beat in a day , but not to hard for younger players!Its really a game for all ages!I LOVE Walt Disney World !
 Well , this game is awesome ! Its like being on the rides ! Disney World is the best ! I love it . I have the Magical Racing Tour for Gameboy Color and Playstation 1 . There are so many features . They look just like the rides ! This game is great . I definately recommend this game for everyone !
 This game is a must have for fans of the theme parks ! It is suprising how many park memories you can ` relive ' with this game.The game is a little easy and users are not given a difficulty choice , but other than that the attention to detail is great .
 FIRST I WANT TO SAY THAT I LOVE WALT DISNEY WORLD !!!! -LSB- ... -RSB- THIS GAME IS MAD HOT , ITS FUN AND ITZ LIKE GOIN THERE.THE RIDES ARE EVEN MORE FUN WHEN YOUR REALLY ON THEM.EVEYONE SHOULD GET THIS GAME!WALT DISNEY WORLD IS THE MOST FUN MAGICAL PLACE ON EARTH !!!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have seen other reviews which fault the complete National Geographic because it is presented as a set of page scans , rather than a text-based resource . This means that you ca n't do a full text search of the content , or copy and paste text to other documents . Still . I guess wordprocessing software was hard to come by in 1888 . My opinion ? Great reference . Not too hard to read , considering the technology . The images are good . It prints ok . The search engine is good , and the navigation is quite usable . The program has only crashed on me once so far.But get this DVD version . It saves swopping media all the time - and it takes much less space than 110 years worth of paper . -LRB- And do get the complete maps to go with it -RRB- . My only regret is this . I could not buy this item from Amazon.com , because they wo n't sell it outside of the USA for some reason . Instead I had to buy it from another Internet retailer -LRB- also based in the USA -RRB- with lesser customer service and lesser website usability .
 This is an absolute gem in literary and reference excellence . If you have any interest in things past , may it be history , geography , culture , society , whatever ... , you name it , then this materpiece is for you . At 4 DVD or 31 CD 's worth you are unlikely to get bored anytime within the next 10 years . And what great value for money !
 My 5-year old and his 3-year old sister have thoroughly enjoyed the Junior Arcade series which in many ways are HE 's homage to classic arcade games -LRB- Defender , Breakout , Q * Bert , etc. -RRB- But after reading numerous reviews especially here on Amazon I realized that I had to pick up one of the Adventure series as my kids love the characters , and would be working on some problem-solving and observational skills , among other things . Plus I knew the humour would make the grown-ups laugh along with the little ones.Boy was I right ! Just picked up this little value pack today , and they would n't go to bed until we finished the Pajama Sam title ! It 's true that the puzzles are hard enough to be challenging , but not frustratingly impossible to figure out -LRB- the carrot-fridge connection was so obvious that it never occurred to me for the longest time ! -RRB- I love knowing my son can play it again a second time with some of the puzzles changed , and a few `` hidden '' sections awaiting as well ! It has better replay value than many games out there for the grown-ups ! I highly recommend this collection , as well as any of the other Pajama Sam/Spy Fox/Freddi Fish/Putt-Putt titles for parents looking for wholesome , challenging , and occasionaly laugh-out-loud enjoyable kids games ! I get a chance to relive my own youth -LRB- this title reminded me of playing King 's Quest 1 and 2 back in my teens -RRB- while encouraging my kids to think creatively rather than just go through the same repetitious routine again and again like most games out there ... What more could you ask for in a kid 's game ?
 Each of these games is just great , and with them bundled together at this awesome price , you just ca n't go wrong ! My daughter is 3 1/2 and has been playing these games since she was about 3 . Sure they teach problem solving , sequencing , blah , blah , blah ... more importantly , they 're FUN ! -LRB- Yes , I 've been caught playing them myself more than once ! -RRB- I ca n't recommend ALL the Putt-Putt , Pajama Sam and Freddi Fish games highly enough , and these are three of the best of the bunch . -LRB- And they 're Mac-friendly - thanks Humongous !!! -RRB-
 My 5 year old son loves all of these games . We had a different Pajama Sam game which he loved and I could n't pass up the deal offered here . I 'm sure glad I got it . Humongous does a great job creating fun games with staying power . They are just hard enough to keep your attention , but easy enough not to be frustrating for a 5 year old . At this age , its unnecessary to get the newest games , as long as the games are new to the kids , that 's all you need . These 3 games will provide months of entertainment at a great price .
 This is a great set of games . They 're hard enough that solutions are n't always obvious -LRB- even to the adult -RRB- , but easy enough that with time and effort even a 3 year old can master them eventually . They 're also fun enough that the 3 year old in question was more than willing to put in the time . In fact it was hard to pry him away from them . The characters are engaging , and there are a lot of small games internally that can be played regardless of what 's going on in the larger game . All three are very good , and our son plays them all pretty equally , switching back and forth between them .
 This is a terrific set of games ! In Freddi Fish 1 , Freddi must get back Grandma Grouper 's kelp seed treasure from the bad guys . In Putt-Putt 1 , Putt-Putt has to find the baby animals for the grand opening of the Cartown Zoo . In Pajama Sam 1 , Sam needs to defeat Darkness , the fear that has been scaring him most . Or is Darkness friendly ? All three games teach kids problem solving skills and you get this pack half price -LRB- a $ 30 value -RRB- . Look at each game individually for more info .
 We bought this set for my son before he was 2 and he learned all the tricks in the Putt Putt game right away with me moving the mouse for him . Now he 's a bit over 2 and he 's learned how to use the mouse so he can do Putt Putt and Fredi Fish by himself . He does n't always get everything right but he loves to play . The games are very creative and if the child does n't click on the right thing , lots of funny things happen to whatever they click . He 's still too young for Pajama Sam but some older friends of his love it . This is a terrific set at a great price . One tip
 My three year old daughter started out with Freddi Fish number 2 . We now own all five Freddi Fish titles . This great pack comes with three cd 's . Each cd is number one in the series for each character . All three main characters are really cute and easy to follow . The graphics are great on all the cd 's , and each adventure has some great fun songs in them . In each scene , there are a lot of things to click on so that the kids really get good mouse practice . This is a great set to get for a child who is just starting out on the computer . An experienced user will love it too . Each title is good for a boy or a girl.We have over 20 kids games , and this set is by far the very best .
 The Big Thinkers games by far surpass all other educational games . They keep the children entertained by continuously challenging and rewarding . The games progressively get harder the better your child does . My girls like the Big Thinker games more than the other games available . I can sit down with her while she is playing Big Thinkers and enjoy watching her play . It does n't get boring like other games on the market .
 I HAVE PURCHASED NEARLY THE ENTIRE RANGE OF THE HUMONGOUS ENTERTAINMENT SOFTWARE . MY KIDS ARE MAD ABOUT THE GAMES AND I FIND THEM PACKED FULL OF ENTERTAINING CHARACTERS AND VERY WELL COMPILED . THE GRAPHICS ARE BRILLIANT . I AM PURCHASING THIS PACK OF BIG THINKERS AFTER HAVING PLAYED THE DEMO ALONG WITH THE KIDS . I FIND IT TO BE FULL OF EXCITING `` HIDDEN '' ADVENTURES AND HAS A REFRESHING WAY OF EDUCATING THE KIDS .
 Disc 1
 All the games in this are terrific!Spongebob Squarepants : Employee of the Month is really ricky for me so is Spongebob Squarepants : Operation Krabby Patty.Nicktoons Basketball is my favorite software in the whole set!you can pick your own team with characters such as Spongebob , Jimmy Neutron , and Cosmo and Wanda.Spongebob Squarepants : Battle for Bikini Bottom is fun ! My favorite game in tis software is cave jumper.If you love Nickelodeon this the set for you !
 The games were fun to play on the computer . If you like SpongeBob you will enjoy playing the pc games .
 I purchased this to replace a game that was broken . Here I was able to buy a collection for the same price the original game cost me a few years ago . The kids love it !
 and it does compress to zip files . Almost as well as sit files . for cross platform compatibility , it does better than most programs designed to do just that . I 'd purchase this product if you are looking for any sort of pc to mac transfer at all . it makes things so much easier .
 StuffIt Deluxe 7.5 includes a variety of features that make it worth the upgrade.It is tightly integrated with Microsoft Office.It lets users automatically compressor compress and e-mail a file from Word , Excel , or PowerPoint with a single click.Compressing a 100 MB video file with both WinZip and StuffIt resulted in a 90 MBand a 90.2 MB archive , respectively.StuffIt Deluxe 7.5 also includes 128-bit encryption built in . Ifyou couple that with its password-protection capabilities , you can ensurethat your archives are protected . Only those persons can open it who have the password.You can easily compress or decompress files by dragging and droppingthem into the StuffIt window.The cross-platform capability meansthat you can share your files with Macintosh users as well as users withLinux and Unix machines.StuffIt Deluxe 7.5 also includes the personal edition of StuffIt Express , which integrates with Windows Task Scheduler to automate functions such asperforming backups or transferring archives to an FTP site .
 My daughter received this for her fourth birthday and she plays with it everyday . It is also interesting enough that my 8 year-old also plays with it . I had to help the 4 year-old quite a bit in the first week or two , reinforcing where to click , how to get from screen to screen , etc. , but she 's able to navigate the program herself now . I would n't recommend it for younger than 4 though , it has a lot of features that can get confusing for the little ones . My 8 year-old uses the program to its full potential , making picture scenes with props , sounds and colors , choreographing characters in an acrobatic show , playing a `` pac-man '' style maze game starring Melody and playing a diving game as well . For the price , I was surprised that it had such good features and pretty straight forward directions and navigation . It 's a hit at our house !
 If you are looking for a solid , problem free , exceptionally powerful video editing package in the $ 100.00 range , Vegas Movie Studio is the answer . The + DVD Platinum Edition comes with three -LRB- 3 -RRB- separate software bundles
 BACKGROUND
 I have had nothing but success with this software with it installed on two different computers . Even my old Pentium III , 500 MHz can handle it . It is solid and never crashes . It performs as advertised with no locked features . Reading their web board , you will see that it has had few , if any , reported issues . The installation is smooth , quick , and trouble-free . I dumped the bug-ridden Pinnacle Studio products and moved this product . I 've never looked back and am very glad I purchased this product .
 At work , I edit commercial DV video using Final Cut Pro 5 and do effects in Apple Motion on a powerful MAC workstation . I 'm also learning After Effects 6.5 Pro & 7 Pro . I needed something cheap to do small home projects . I also needed something for creating DVD 's . I did a lot of research on the best Windows based DV NLE -LRB- digital video non-linear editor -RRB- in the $ 50 - $ 150 price range and Sony Vegas Movie Studio came out on top in every category especially with end user satisfaction and stability . I looked at
 I bought this to make DVDs of home video , and it 's awesome . I think a lot of people think making a DVD is as simple as clicking an icon and it does everything for you . It 's a little more involved than that . Basically , be prepared to use a couple of the programs included in this set . Let me explain how I use this software :1 . Open up Movie Studio , and capture the video from your camera . This creates a bunch of AVI files that you can now work with .2 . Use Movie Studio to add a nice fade-out , or crop the sections of the video you do n't want , add some music or sound effect tracks , and play with the volumes of each audio track to your liking , and re-render in the same format as the source , but as a different filename/location . -LRB- It should most likely be a resolution of 720x480 pixels -RRB- 4 . Now that you have all your prepared videos , open up DVD studio and add them to the project , add menus , change menu backgrounds , change fonts ... etc. . The manual that came with the software is pretty decent , and the online tutorials can even aid you in your active project ! -LRB- Just the other night , I went through the tutorial for making a picture slideshow , and it integrated right into my current project . -RRB- 5 . When you 're satisfied with your DVD project , simply prepare it -LRB- It creates the file structure that will be copied to your DVD -RRB- then burn the prepared project.I made a DVD in less than 5 hours , and I did a lot of bells and whistles , adding music , a cute intro movie with sound effects and music , and the DVD was about 4.1 GB when done.The complexity of the software is directly proportional to how artistic you want to be . It can do a LOT of stuff . You probably wo n't use the ACID XMC , unless you want to CREATE your own music.The steps I explained are pretty basic . You ca n't be afraid to poke around , and remember that these editors are non-destructive , so if you 're playing with a video in Movie Studio , and you add fades , or text , or FX , it 's not destroying your original work . Knowing this should give you some comfort while being adventurous and exploring the software.This software has never crashed my machine , and I have n't had any problems other than my own lack of double-checking my work before burning a DVD that had things I forgot to edit/add .
 Bought this program to use with my new Sony HD3 HD Camcorder , as it is one of the few programs that capture HDV video.It 's everything you need and more for movie editing and transferring to DVD or File format . The tutorial is not too bad but it 's not great in the fact it does n't exactly tell you what to do after you finish a certain step . I had to actually use the Help file a few times to accomplish a few tasks , but with a little time and patients I was able to accomplish exactly what I wanted to do with my movie.You can edit and add text , titles , sound effects , music , and transitions to your home movies . I 'm not sure if there is anything you ca n't do with this program . Burn it to DVD or save it as a HD video file or a Smaller file that you can email . Once installed , I recommend updating to the latest version as this will fix a few bugs and add some needed DVD widescreen options . I 'm very satisfied with this program .
 With a whole bunch of video clips -LRB- DIVX -RRB- already sitting on my harddrive . I was able to drop clips in , learn about crossfading , title text media , and trim a segment without using the Trimmer . I had a really cool video going after only 2 nights.I really like the fact that Quicktime H. 264 was an output option , that it handled DIVX input without complaint , the output pixel resolution and frame rate are all easy to set.One feature I was really looking for is the ability to slow some sections of an image down , like when a skier kicks up a spray of snow . This program lets you do that -LRB- down to 25 % normal speed -RRB- , but you have to split that portion of the section , and then apply your slowdown to the entire split section . They have this ability -LRB- somewhat -RRB- with the `` FULL '' version , so there help tells me . What they need to add is a waveform that you can adjust the speed precisely , all the way down to zero . The only other problem I 've had is that you need a pretty fast computer , and lots of memory , to view previews without missing frames during effects . A 2.2 GHz computer is n't quite enough .
 Do not buy Pinnacle , Adobe , or Vegas -LRB- or any other program for that matter -RRB- without first downloading their 30-day trials -LRB- yes , they each have one -RRB- . I did that , and found that Vegas spoke to my style . Click , drag , stop clicking . It 's not that hard . Browse through your files and drag the video into the timeline -LRB- which you can customize to be the size that you want , since the layout has several boxes that can be rearranged to your liking -RRB- . Go to the properties and change the play speed of a video to half as fast , and use the ACID music studio to slow the speed -LRB- and pitch -RRB- of the sound down as well . When you 're done , make a DVD using the Architect . Use the Capture Video to work with your firewire or usb port -LRB- you may need an additional utility to transfer via a composite wire ... the yellow , red , and white cords ... -RRB- . Basically , play with it in the trial , see if you like it , and maybe buy it . Best 90 $ -LRB- I got it on sale -RRB- I ever spent.I made a feature length film with my high school buddies on this nifty thing . Sure , my harddrive is now devoured by the files -LRB- movie files are gigantic and require ram , for those of you who are complaining because you do n't have the 512mb that it needs -RRB- . I 've successfully bluescreened a face onto a tree to make it look alive , and I even used the ACID program to lower the pitch of his voice - No one recognized who played him , and it looked magnificent . I know my stuff , so using only a solid color of cyan and a picture of one butterfly wing I downloaded from Google , I made a fluttering and flappy winged fairy that I bluescreened onto the screen where my actors had been talking to nothing . Using the transition elements , I made a Yu-Gi-Oh card-duelist scene where the defeated fighters would zip out via a spinning card slide . I was also able to edit the picture as I pleased , whether it meant coloring it red -LRB- evil . . ooo ! -RRB- , making something filmed during the day appear night with the night filter , adding some light bursts to create some sweet special effects , or simply taking something that was filmed standard screen and making it wide screen . You can edit any effect or transition that you want , and you can even save your layout so the `` Night-Filter '' which is actually just a ` color-curve ' can be sitting right next to the effect you customized
 I am a beginner with video editing and decided on Movie Studio after reading some of the reviews . I am happy to report the the product performed as promised right out of the box . This was my first time editing video , my prior projects were slideshows with a product Roxio puts out and this put the Roxio product to shame.The initial setting up of the software was painless as was the capturing of the video from my camera . Be warned though that the product does not support some video taken from still digital cameras . With my mini-dv camcorder though everything was smooth.The timelines and ability to cut/paste and trim audio and video seperately or together is easy to use once you get the hang of it . Yes , like anything worthwhile you need to spend time with the manuals and tutorials but if this is a complaint then you do n't need this product.There are enough effects and transitions to put together some nice projects and the ability to pan across still photos is a awesome.There is a decent how-to section to show you how to get things going and the package even includes 2 discs with sound effects to add to the project.As for the DVD software while it works well I am still trying to master it to get beyond the basics . I found the how-to tutorials much less helpful than in the editing suite but I can still make some decent dvd menus.All in all I ca n't complain . Everything has worked like it should . I have only had one glitch burning a dvd which a simple reboot of my computer fixed . The editing suite has not once crashed and even though the rendering times are long the final product looks great.I have not tried other products but I really ca n't imagine anything out there that will work much better than Movie Studio for the same price.ST
 Vegas Studio is a great video editor . Once you get used to the menus and navigation it is quick to use and has all the features you need . I have used Pinnacle 10 in the past , and still use it for some things , but thought it was intuitive but extremely buggy.Vegas is a great product but I do have a bone to pick . If you are planning on using it for DVD authoring be carefull . Creating a Single Layer DVD works just fine , but Dual Layer Authoring has a few bugs . So far I have n't managed to create a Dual Layer project becasue of errors I 'm getting about DVD project size . It seems that Vegas has trouble with knowing / predicting file sizes so you may get similar errors.Their one saving grace is that the e-mail tech support is very helpful and I 'm currently working with them to figure out a workaround for this problem.Over all it is a very good program , and probably the best you can get for the money , but no program is perfect .
 Sony Vegas is simply an amazing product , especially for the price . User friendly , powerful ... Vegas is satisfying .
 I have purchased many , and this is the most problem free , most functional , feature rich , again most reliable video editing software I ever purchased to date . I strongly , and absolutely recommend this product over pinnacle or Nero . I wasted my time and money for Pinnacle and Nero products until I finallly found the product that does everything I wanted reliably . Time code from camcoder , easy editing of Video files , and burning . And it has not yet crashed once on my machine . I also own ACID Pro and Sound Forge . And every product I bought from Sony Media has been worth every pennies I spent so far !
 For a company that so obviously hates its customers , Vegas Movie Studio Platinum is a wonderful , feature-rich product at a reasonable price . Being new to video editing I researched several products but this one did everything that I needed without breaking my bank account . My only quibble is the high learning curve necessary to use some of its features and a lack of automation that makes some aspects of the program overly complicated -- for example , another program I have does the `` Ken Burns Effect '' much better and is easier to use , but it 's not a true video editing program . The color correction feature of Vegas is also more difficult than it should be because there does n't seem to be a way to automatically adjust the color in the manner of Photoshop and other programs , but it 's still workable . Those are minor issues with an otherwise great program and it would be hard to find a better value in video editing software .
 Sony Vegas Platnum edition has a great tutorial to learn the program . I have found it easy to use to create highly exceptional DVDs . I like how easy it is to create titles , add music , and produce great transitions . I am a novice using this program and I have enjoyed how easy it is to use .
 Sony a realizado una excelente labor creando un programa tan versatil como SONY VEGAS Movie Studio + DVD Platinum Edition . Uno puede realizar transiciones facil mente y corregir tanto la cantidad de luz como los colores con este programa . Hasta la fecha llevo 3 meses usandolo sin problemas alguno . Muchos usan Pinnacle , Ulead y Adobe pero creo que este en realidad es superior a todos . Mis videos familiares nunca habian quedado tan profesionales como ahora . Les hago menus , submenus , slideshow de fotos con musica de fondo -LRB- MP3 -RRB- , picture in picture , scrolling credits como las peliculas y mas . Es super estable y no se me frisa en mi PC que es una P4 de 2.8 Ghz , 1.2 GB RAM , 280G HD , 128MB ATI 9200 AGP de video .
 This is soooooo fun and beautifull and all the princesses ! No problem at all with my computer in installing and the voices are beautifull and clear . I guess the sound in the other reviewer 's computer must have had a problem . This is the BEST fashion cd rom with the plus of having the princesses in it that I have seen . My daughter is 4 and can play with it . But its a discovery type game , ie you find out how everything works as you get more familiar with it . In the beginning things seem not to be working but with time you see that OH , now I have to drag and click not just click , or OH here you have to click on the icon first and then on the picture for it to do what you want ! Have patience and you will become an expert princess ! Very cheap for the amount of stuff you can do with it , also grows with the child . For young ones mom should play with it BEFORE the child to avoid initial frustration so you can explain some of the quirks to her first . Happy princessing this is a dream !
 My daughter -LRB- aged five -RRB- loves this CD and all the games on it . Unlike the other reviewer , we have never had a problem with our sound . We have also given this as a birthday gift and have had positive feedback from other mothers .
 My 3 y/o daughter loves this game . She sits in front of it for hours at a time . Is doing wonders for her hand-eye coordination . Would have gave it 5 stars but it is a bit hard to navigate at first , and you have to download different dresses which can be a pain .
 Hi there , My name 's Chris Dahl , I 'm the product manager for Nitro PDF Professional here at ARTS PDF.It 's unfortunate that we have to make a post of commercial nature here , however we 've recently noticed a number of bogus reviews appearing that seem to have been written by a competitor of ours . If you take a look at the reviews from the following people -LRB- click on their name to see both the Nitro * and * the surprisingly glowing countering Scansoft review -RRB- I think you 'll see it 's quite apparent this is the case .1 . Dan Allerbach2 . Chris Malloy3 . kelli wakeman4 . Anthony AlphisoWhat I 'd suggest you do is download the trial version of each product from the respective websites and let you be the judge on the product . Feel free to contact me directly with any questions , my e-mail address is chris.dahl -LSB- at -RSB- artspdf.com.P.S . it 's required that you leave a star rating when writing a review on Amazon , so I had no choice but to select 5 stars . What can I say ... I love our product!Regards , Chris . ___________________________________ -LRB- ... -RRB- ___________________________________
 For months I was looking for something to CONVERT PDF files to WORD.Most products did a so-so job and I just gave up on the project.Got an email offer to try Nitro PDF and also buy it at a reduced rate.Got the demo at download.com first , to `` test drive '' the program.I had previously downloaded some full color , 6-8 page sales brochures in PDF format.So I started with them and tested the conversion abilities of Nitro pdf.A 6-8 page color document took about 3-5 minutes and reproduced the graphics nearly 100 % perfect . -LSB- possibly a slight color shift , but definitely `` multitudes '' better than any other product I 've tried -RSB- . So I threw a pdf book with 297 pages and lots of pictures at it.It took about 25 minutes to convert to a Word document format.Again , the quality and graphics converted very nicely.Nitropdf offers a demo at several shareware sites.If you need a PDF creator PLUS a PDF converter , look no further.The version I tested is 4.9 . UPDATE 03-08-2006Reviews on PDF-to-Word conversions seem to be all over the spectrum.In my case , the PDF files I used as test subjects were mostly technical IT-type white-papers and IT related books ; that were originally published as soft and hard-back books.The images being somewhat simplistic , in B&W ; -LRB- not color -RRB- . I would really like to see a review done by a major softwarereview site , which takes every PDF-to-WORD software pkg anduses the exact same files as test files/subjects . Then we could truly compare apples to apples and oranges to oranges.In my personal experiences , Nitro PDF did better at PDF-to-Word conversions than any other pkg I demo 'd . Another reviewer mentioned AABBY software.I first obtained a full version of ABBYY software from a pc type magazine from the UK . It came with a CD rom disc that included a full version of ABBYY finereader pro , version 5 . -LRB- Prior to that , I had no clue as to who ABBYY was -RRB- . When I loaded ABBYY finereader V5 , obtained my free unlock/registration key code , installed it and started using the product for OCR , I was totally impressed.Having tried most every other OCR program out there , I immediately fell in love with ABBYY.The accuracy of what it scanned was amazing ; considering I was using various `` inexpensive '' scanners -LRB- all under $ 100 regular price , all on sale for under $ 50 -RRB- . Considering that scansoft OCR products are between $ 99 to $ 150 and that ABBYY is usualy around $ 179 -LRB- or under $ 100 as an upgrade , INCLUDING competitive upgrades -RRB- , I would spend the extra to buy the ABBYY finereader OCR.I like the ABBYY results.I really like the ABBYY `` UPGRADE '' policy.If you can show proof of purchase for a competitor 's OCR software , ABBYY will still give you their software at an UPGRADE reduced price . It 's a liberal upgrade policy.Some software makers are so tight-fisted with upgrade policy 's ; accepting only the previous version of their own product and nothing else.Getting back to the PDF-to-WORD conversions.I strongly suggest you TRY before you buy.In my case , Nitro did a great job ; while other folks mentioned less than satisfactory results.But I 've heard that it really depends on the complexity of the PDF being converted.I 've read how some PDF 's are easier , or convert better , due to the makeup of the document and/or how it was created.PS . Tip on getting Nitro for 50 % off.Sign up at V-com and/or Nitro PDF for their newsletter.A 1/2 price offer for Nitro PDF goes out to their email lists about every 3 months .
 I downloaded the trial of this program after having problems with Adobe . It 's much better in my opinion . All we needed was the ability to make PDF documents from Excel and Word documents , be able to edit text on PDFs and be able to have customs stamps . I was blown away by how fast it was . On Adobe , if my computer did n't crash it took 15 minutes to make a PDF from a 2 page Excel workbook . By the time I looked down at the time to start timing it , it was done . Also , it automatically took all the pages from the workbook and made a PDF , whereas with Adobe you have to check the setting to bring all the pages and it never really did it right , I had to do them one at a time and then convert them to one PDF . Forget editing text on Adobe , it was so complicated we gave up on that feature . With Nitro , you just highlight the text and start typing . It was so easy . We are definitely buying this product , I thought we had to give up on ever being able to have PDFs replace our current documents.Also , I did n't have * any * problems installing this . The installation ran like a dream .
 I have used Acrobat for years in my business , but have only ever been able to provide few staff with a copy of the full version due to the high unit price and Adobe 's ridiculous VLP program.Nitro PDF and Scansoft have recently released competitors to Acrobat so I tried them both out . Frankly , they are very similar in almost every aspect - they are even the same price.I chose the Nitro PDF because it had more functionality and the company -LRB- ARTS PDF -RRB- has a long history working with PDF and I know they are reliable because I also own their Split and Merge plugin for Acrobat .
 Acrobat and PDF have been a mainstay in our electornic document workflows for many years.Since Scansoft 's PDF Converter and Nitro PDF were both released earlier this year , I have had them both installed within our organisation in order to rate them for prospective roll out through many more seats than what we currently have Acrobat installed on.The first thing we noticed was that they both used the same base technology that provides the viewing , creation and editing functionality . -LRB- As such some of the reviews below seem somewhat odd ! -RRB- There were however differences.Scansoft PDF Converter includes a tool called ` FormTyper ' which basically assists you in adding form fields to your PDF documents . The upside is that it can save you some time when building your interactive PDF forms , but you can also use the standard form tools to add form fields -LRB- I found this to also be in Nitro -RRB- . Nitro PDF includes a comprehensive set of neat new plug-ins that we have found really beneficial to our business . The Optimize Document feature -LRB- like the PDF Optimizer in Acrobat -RRB- allowed us to dramatically reduce the size of our PDFs , and the Split File feature breaks down some of our massive PDF files into smaller individual files.Furthermore , Nitro PDF has released a number of updates to their product since we purchased . Some have fixed bugs and others have added functionality . The next to last release led to us having trouble with activation even though we had the product for more than 5 months . Since then they have released a new update which has rectified those problems and added further functionality . Not all updates have been perfect , but we prefer to have software that is continually being improved . There have been no updates to Scansoft PDF Converter since we purchased.FWIW We have just decided to roll out Nitro PDF because the feature set worked better with our day to day requirements for PDF workflow.I would recommend trialing both products in order to decide which you would use.Hope this helps .
 I had a quick look around the net and found that you could download a fully functional version of Nitro PDF to trial the software.Nitro PDF is great if you need to create , edit or mark-up PDFs and you do n't want to pay Adobe $ 300 ! I can only imagine that most of the 1 star reviews below are attempts to sabotage by a competitor.Just download the trial version and see for yourself .
 I have used Adobe Acrobat Standard and Pro versions for the past 7 years , and I am pretty familiar its feature set . Nitro PDF Pro is an excellent alternative to Acrobat 7 Pro . It enables the members of my department to compile various files into one PDF , annotate , comment , extract pages , apply security , drag in MS Office files , and otherwise manipulate PDF files in so many ways . I am in the process of deploying this product to dozens of users , and the cost of this project will be less than a third of the cost of deploying the equivalent Adobe product.Try it . What do you have to lose ?
 I was sick of sending spreadsheets and tables to clients and them always telling me they have received them in some gibberish language because we do n't have the same application version . I noticed Adobe 's asking price and could not believe it ! Someone mentioned Nitro PDF to me so after a quick Google , I found this gem . It 's awesome for turning my spreadsheets into PDF and now no-one asks me to resend them . Frustration subsided for $ 100 !
 I was in need of a reliable PDF creation tool to convert batches of Microsoft Word documents to PDF . I found the Nitro PDF website through google , downloaded the free trial and tested it out on my computer . The creation process was impressive -LRB- both quick and reliable -RRB- ! The fact that I could also `` touch-up '' spelling mistakes from within the PDFs themselves -LRB- instead of going back to the original Word files and creating the PDFs all over again -RRB- was really really handy . I was sold !!
 After being screwed by Adobe -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- , I did some research and bought this product . Great , works better than the Adobe version at a frachion of the cost . What could be better ? How about not dealing with the a ## holes at adobe customer support !
 Nitro PDF is a great product , but the best thing about it is that it does just as much as Adobe 's product and is widely available for less than $ 99 . Adobe has always priced it products too high , so Nitro is great news for all people who use PDF .
 We run a advertising company and need to mark and edit documents send from clients . Nitro PDF is good for making adjustments when things are not right . I find it very cheap and Adobe very expensive .
 Having only recently decided that I could no longer live with just the free Adobe reader , I wanted to find something less expensive than the full version of Adobe Acrobat . Nitro PDF is the answer ! The trial version is fully functional and gave me 30 days in order to test the product out . All in all , the $ $ is well worth the outlay for this product
 VERY Fast compared to all the other products I tested , and leaves the `` Help '' pop ups intact when you click on an input box from converted Adobe files . All the saved files I tested were intact as saved and no `` surprises '' came up when I reloaded the saved files as happened with the other Adobe converters I tried.Little expensive , but you get what you pay for . The only negative I did not care for is the copy protection scheme .
 This is an outstanding product . As a graduate student I do a lot a research , and a lot of the time the documents I read are PDF . This can be problematic because if the PDF is password protected , or an image scan , I can not make notes or bookmark parts of the file for easy review later on . This program -LRB- Nitro Professional with OCRA -RRB- allows me to covert the Adobe file into a Nitro PDF file that I can make notes and bookmarks on . Also , the layout and presentation is of very high quality ; it looks as if it is part of my MS Office program . Again , I ca n't recommend this enough !
 I 've downloaded trial versions of a bunch of different programs that claim to let you edit pdf files . Even Acrobat -LRB- read $ $ $ -RRB- is very limited in what it will do - sorry , you need to buy another Adobe package to do every little thing.All the other packages I 've tried wo n't let you edit a pdf beyond adding new pages and maybe typing text on the new page -LRB- forget about actually changing an existing page -RRB- . Not so with Nitro . The trial download installed flawlessly . Soon after I opened it up , I was able to copy and paste to arrange things as I wished . Now I can finally work with some of the pdf files I 've been getting from our scanner . Earlier today I tried the optimize feature and was able to reduce a pdf from 500k to about 200k . Best of all , download the free trial & give it a spin . If it does n't do what you need , uninstall it and look elsewhere . Did I mention the trial is free ? -LRB- Hmmmm , PDF Converter Pro does n't offer a trial download as far as I can tell , I wonder why they do n't want you to use the package before paying ? -RRB- Read down to see some of the other reviews , specifically the one by C Dahl . Check on some of the reviews he points out , he is right on the money.Sorry Adobe , the trial download of Acrobat is about to get uninstalled .
 I work with a small business with very limited funds for computer equipment and software . When I found this product I was excited , and then when I used it I was blown away ! Whatever I want to accomplish with PDF , Nitro can do . And , it 's faster ! At one-third the cost of the standard PDF program , I must say I am very happy with my purchase .
 I have used this for 3 months now and it is pretty useful if you have to work with PDF . I had some trouble activating the product , but the support was OK . $ 99 is a good price .
 Seems to do the trick . I do n't use it personally but Mom likes it .
 and Amazon 's version was a great price , but out-of-date . Thankfully , the company upgraded me to the current version without additional cost . I am very happy with their antivirus product ... easy updates , easy to scan . A small reminder
 So far , so good . The software installed easily , but I wish it would have wiped out traces of the Norton A-V software . Even with uninstall , there are traces that of Norton that ZoneAlarm flags as potentially dangerous . Slowly we are tracking them down or quarantining them.There 's a feature that allows the user to set security levels for each program used on the PC . Nice . But for us non-experts , it 's daunting to try to determine what settings to use . I had a few glitches with ZOneAlarm 's default settings -LRB- too conservative ? -RRB-
 Installed the software with no problems . The software is running fine with my Microsoft XP . Updates have been easy to download . No Problems !
 I am satisfied with the product . For that matter I know it before I bought and I am satisfied with it . The only glitch is it will take some time to start and until it starts we may not be able to browse or use any applications that needs internet . Still I would suggest it is a best option to buy one for ur computer safety .
 THIS IS A TOP RATED ANTI VIRUS SOFTARE.THE PRICE IS GOOD AND THE SOFTWARE IS GREAT .
 I am going to recommend this for the majority of users and readers because it passes two key tests :1 -RRB- it is very easy to use ; 2 -RRB- it does what it does well.The firewall aspects of ZoneAlarm are unquestionably top-rate . It is effective , clear , and can be tweaked or configured by more advanced users without being out of reach of other users . It ships with a built-in tutorial that even Mom can follow . In short , you get a good firewall with this product.The antiviral component is well-integrated and works in the same manner . ZoneLabs has excellent help and support , and the free updates alone are worth the purchase price . Yes , you can get free antiviral software , but what you can not get is an integrated solution such as this , with support , for well under $ 20 . For its listed price , I would wholly recommend this to anyone without sufficient defenses -LRB- WinXP 's firewall is not sufficient by itself -RRB- . - Fred
 I 've used Norton products on our computers since the late 1980s , and generally have found them to do exactly what they 're hyped to do . Over the past few years , however , they have become `` bloatware , '' consuming far more system resources than necessary . If you want a reasonably responsive system , after installing Norton you 'd best disable many , if not most , of the `` automatic '' services set on by default during the installation . I 've also used Zone Alarm Pro for ~ 5 years ; love the program and the depth of configuration you can set-never had a problem with Zone Alarm . So , after the last year or so of Norton Anti-Virus failing to start automatically , I started looking for a replacement . I tended to lean towards Zone Labs because of my earlier experiences with them , but the Amazon reviews for the complete Internet Security suite left me unsure . I decided to go with just the Zone Labs Anti-Virus product . First , I opened Norton and turned off everything . Then I ran the Windows System Services console app -LRB- services.msc -RRB- and turned off or disabled anything with any Norton or Symantec association . Only then did I install the ZL Anti-Virus . A caveat is in order
 This is by far the best I 've ever used . I run a small company and absolutely love it . Very easy to use . Very informative !
 This product is a very simple to use , extremely efficient tool . I am very pleased with results it produced for me .
 CD installs easily , it even comes with a nice short instructional video.Once installed , ZoneAalarm is fairly unobtrusive , but seems to get the job done.Well-designed product !
 My husband and I bought two copies when it was a Gold Box featured product so he could install it on both of our computers . He is a computer consultant and rates ZoneAlarm at 4 stars because , after using it for a few weeks , we find too many spurious alerts for items that ZA should have had on their `` safe '' list , particularly the `` suspicious activities '' of the OS Firewall . This program is puzzling for a casual user such as myself to navigate alone . I would still rather have more protection than I can handle , rather than a dummied-down version that I would understand better but that might not provide the virus protection we need , but he says he would n't recommend this to his novice clients unless they wanted a lot of hands-on control of their systems .
 toast is straight forward CD burning software . Easy to use and no problems . good product .
 I have been using Toast for years . It is a great application for all of your CD/dvd duplicating needs .
 Works superbly for CD copy . Also mounts disk images for faster game play -- excellent .
 This is a great product , has some nice new features like making a Music CD , CD-Text .
 This product was purchased for a specific purpose , based on previous experience , and it has performed properly , as expected .
 I 've used Toast since the early 90 's , and this is by far the best version yet . I 've always upgraded before to get nice little interface and usability upgrades , but this upgrade really is revolutionary for Toast . It takes a fantastic CD/DVD burner and adds some great totally new features :1 -RRB- Really good backup . Finally , I can backup chunks of data larger than 4.7 GB . The capacity of a standard DVD is about 4.7 GB , and I 've always had to pick and choose which data to backup to fit it within that limit . But with the new Toast , they 've added the ability to span a single backup across multiple DVDs . So , I can backup 10 GB , 20 GB , whatever . That 's a great upgrade .2 -RRB- Easy movie DVD backup . They 've added an easy , slick way to backup my movie DVDs to 4.7 GB DVD - + R. I 've used the other conversion programs and they are very cumbersome . Toast makes it easy to do the conversion , and the quality is great . They worked with DivX to get the newest version of DivX that is n't even released yet for Mac.CONCLUSION
 Mac OS X has some satisfactory burning tools built into the operating system , so why spend $ 75 on Toast 7 ? Well , Toast 7 does everything you wish your Mac could.First , DVD burning . Toast allows you to import all sorts of video files , and burn them onto a video DVD , for viewing in your set-top DVD player . This is a great feature , if you have some Divx video files , on your hard drive . Drag them into the video folder in toast , and burn a video DVD.Furthermore , do you have some un-encrypted DVDs , perhaps ones made in your set-top DVD recorder with video camera footage of your family ? With toast , you can import titles from those unencrypted DVDs , and put them onto a DVD , with fun and easy to navigate menus.New to Toast 7 is a great new feature that allows you to compress an unencrypted video DVD image into a size that will fit onto a single-layer disk . This basically gives you the functionality of popcorn built right into Toast 7 . Data Backup - Toast works fantastic as a backup utility . There is even an application included to schedule backups on a regular basis . Toast 7 allows for disk-spanning backups , which allows you to backup many gigabytes of data over multiple DVDs or CDs.Audio - Toast 7 will obviously allow you to burn music CDs , but you can also burn a DVD . The DVD will load on a set-top DVD player , with menus , to select music , and a shuffle feature . You can get gigabytes of music onto these disks , and then play them in your DVD player.Pictures - Toast 7 includes an application called Motion Pictures HD , which allows the importing of photos to make great slideshows . They can be in beautiful widescreen , or even high-definition , if you make a Divx DVD -LRB- note that Divx DVDs can only be played in special DVD players -RRB- . Import Analog Audio - CD Spin Doctor is included with Toast 7 , so you can easily import analog audio via your computer 's audio input . You might input audio , from a VHS tape , cassette tape , or record.Discus RE - Discus RE is a simple , but convenient way to create labels , for your DVDs . It includes the templates , for dozens of the most popular DVD labels , so then all you have to do is design your label and print it . Easy . -LSB- ... -RSB- Overall , I have only had Toast 7 , for a few days now . However , it might be the most useful application I have ever purchased , for my Macintosh . Toast 7 allows you to do just about anything you would want to do , when it comes to burning DVDs and CDs . Furthermore , it is easy to use . I was taking advantage of Toast 7 's many features within just minutes of installing the software . Give Toast 7 a try , for it will quickly become one of the most used applications on your Mac .
 Roxio Toast 7Company
 After using Toast 5 & 6 for a while I received version 7 with great anticipation . Installation is as easy as it gets , and the interface -LRB- while hardly changed form v6 -RRB- is intuitive . One of the best enhancements I 've encountered so far is the use of hybrid discs . In the past , the only option was `` Custom Hybrid '' , which did n't always work . This option still exists , but the new , simpler hybrid Mac/PC format -LRB- while giving slightly less custom options on the Mac side -RRB- is finally dead simple - choose the files you want and designate if they should be burned for Mac , PC or both by using checkboxes.Other new features include improved DVD burning and backing up many files or one large file over several discs , while still being able to acess them one by one.The price is not too bad and a $ 20 rebate is available for previous owners . I recommend it .
 DivX 6 is just incredible . H. 264 has no chance in my opinion when it comes to the quality/compression ratio.The HD -LRB- high-definition -RRB- content is as easy to produce as hitting a checkbox . And does it look beautiful on an LCD TV ! : -RRB- Third , I would like to congratulate Roxio for an incredibly easy and intuitive workflow for managing all those video formats . Just select your favorite , be it H. 264 , DivX , mov , etc. . from a drop-down menu and burn or just save it . Definitely my favorite converter . Much easier than quicktime.I read here a complaint regarding disk spanning . Disk spanning works only for Mac CDs/DVDs , not ISO or Windows compatible CDs.Overall , I can recommend this version highly . It 's too cool not to have it .
 Quite simply , there 's no other single program out there that will do so much.Here 's just one example to add to those mentioned by other customers.It 's great to be able to combine movie titles from DVD backups -LRB- from saved TS folders on my harddrive -RRB- , multiple iMovie projects , DivX and original DV footage on one disc . Then , I saved the whole as an oversized disc image and use DVD compression to fit it onto a single DVD ! The program offers a choice of several menu themes that are artistic and easy to navigate.Then , I used the disc spanning feature to backup some -LRB- huge ! -RRB- DV source files to multiple DVDs .
 When I first got OS X , I saw that CD and DVD burning is part of the system . After having most of my disks fail verification at all but the slowest speeds , I knew that I had to have a better and more reliable way . Toast 4 provided that way.Three versions later , Toast 7 again fixed the problem with my new iMac . No Toast DVD has failed verification since I 've used it . Every single feature has worked as stated . However , you need to carefully read the manual , because not every feature is supported for every burner or setup.Still , it performs all sorts of saves , conversions , burns , and transfers . Forget OS X DVD burning . Toast is THE indespensible and reliable tool for all of your burning needs .
 So far I have been using toast for burning CD 's From my old records and tapes.The only problem I have noticed so far is the auto-defining tracks does n'twork consistently . And manually defining tracks is difficult .
 Without getting technical , I 'm pleased with the disk burning options here . The ability to produce vcr dvds is worth the price alone . I have also tried the disc spanning option and was able to save a project onto two discs . Also I am now converting videos for play on my iPod with Popcorn 2 . You need a lot of hard drive space so using Toast lets me keep enough hard drive space . The toast/popcorn combo is a strong media control solution .
 A lot better than the Mac supplied program but I sure wish Nero made a Mac version .
 This is a simple to use and complete package for burning CDs and DVDs . I ca n't think of an additonal feature it needs .
 Toast provides the missing piece to Mac OS , allowing you to use an outside burner and speeding up the processes , especially when dealing with a powerbook or older iMac.The interface is simple , the process is quick and intuitive . Do n't let the restrictions of an older burner or the absence of a burner prevent you from fast and easy DVD and CD authoring . Get yourself an external burner -LRB- most are very reasonably priced for less than $ 100 -RRB- and write your way to a sensational audio/video library .
 I ca n't add much to the previous reviews . However i do want to point out that disc spanning is not supported if you use the remote burning feature . If you try to burn to a remote computer you will get an error message saying you ca n't span discs . I was trying to not have to upgrade the DVD/CD hardware in an older Mac on my network by using the remote burning feature.Other than that Toast 7 meets all my needs .
 Good product , however you can not burn music downloaded to Itunes onto a cd or dvd
 Quite simply the best burning software for Mac users . Period . Does everything you could want it to do ... and more . If you own a Mac , you need Toast !!
 Another rock solid version ! Incorporating most of the features of Popcorn , and easy to use as ever . Recognizes any writer I point it at , unlike OSX ' native burner . Easily writes perfect dual layer dvds on a variety of media . Accepts media that iTunes and iDVD reject .
 Toast made it much easier for me to burn compilation CD 's and my own DVD 's . Do n't look for this to do illegal copies of DVD 's . That 's not gon na work . Terrific for my own archiving of iTunes .
 I have upgraded to every version of Toast since the program was introduced . And this is by far the best version yet . The only option I wish they would change is the `` spanning '' function . If you `` span '' a large music file the discs wo n't play . Discs that are spanned seem to be for backup only . Or you can copy the files from them OK.This is only a very minor problem and most would n't use it this way . This version has more features than 99 % will use.I highly recommend Toast 7 .
 I am very happy with this product . It has increased the speed of my workflow over the basic burning software available for OS X10 .4.2 The only thing that I did not like was that the disk spanning feature is only available for Mac . When preparing files and disks for clients I would prefer the ability for it to be cross platform .
 Old faithful . I had this product since it was first introduced . It has met my needs in writing cds or dvds . So this is an upgrade for me . I got this product more because of familiarity with it as oppose to fancy new things it can do .
 I needed an all in one burning app for my Mac , so I gave Toast a try . I 've burned DVD 's and CD 's with no problems whatsoever . I really like the fact that the application is feature rich , and capable of burning multiple video formats . Very nice application , not the fastest , but has shown itself to be very reliable .
 I have used older versions of Toast for years and finally decided to upgrade to the latest version to burn DVD 's . This software does the trick . You can burn from just about any video file source . It will burn from the local drive and also network drives from other parts of my house . It is real easy to run and does n't take any kind of training for the user to learn .
 Reader Rabbit educational software for children is the best of the bunch . There is Jump Start , Disney , etc , but cream of the crop is Reader Rabbit.RH , Calif
 Writing Tutor software is the answer for beginning writers and semi-professional story writers who do not want to pay -LSB- price -RSB- or more for good writing software . Writing Tutor does well among writing software competitors -LRB- StoryView , etc. -RRB- It organizes your story components , outlines , has a timeline , storyboard , idea wheels , story map ... I could go on and on . I used it to complete two short stories and am currently using some of the features for my novel . It 's a wonderful product at an unbelievable price . I recommend it highly.David Biscotti , Former Publisher of the Cozy Detective Mystery Magazine.Current Publisher of Earthbase 3000 , Sci-fi , Fantasy , and Horror zine
 This writing tutor is great for kids or even adults who need to write a paper , story , and more . There are grammar rules , a problem solver , inspirations for writing , editing tools , and lots of other great tools to write a fabulous paper ! It 's easy to use , and is worth buying to improve your writing .
 Although I know of people who use Midinotate for instrumental practice or editing scores , I use it for the creation of original music , primarily symphonic . After many months of trying one after another of similar programs , I settled on Composer.Basically , it offers an unlimited supply of virtual manuscript paper and easily learned tools to fill it , erase and re-write just as easily , and finally print the score . I am no printing maven , but the only actions I 've found necessary to get a good print-out is to change to legal sized paper for the conductor 's score when there are 20 plus staves . Since Composer offers a page view -- which is essentially a print-preview that can be edited in the normal fashion -- changes to the appearance , such as adjusting slurs so they do n't cover notes , can be made before printing.Perhaps best of all is that Composer is continuously developing , with most of the development in response to user needs . As easy to learn as it is , I find the internal Help file extremely well organized , indexed and cross-referenced . It is linked to the on-line help forum , which has a remarkably fast response time.In short , one can do anything possible with a pen and blank manuscript paper , re-do it as often as necessary and achieve a result a calligrapher would be proud of . And of course hear it , too .
 If you want an easy to use program that automates the most used jobs like printing out lead sheets , adjusting tempo 's and pitch , volume levels , etc. , this is the one to buy . It does n't stop there . Adding lyrics is a breeze . All you do is click the lyric tool , and lyrics advance accurately as you type and click the space bar or tab button.For the more advanced user , the toolbar allows for almost any kind composition . The downloaded and online help is very comprehensive , and layed out in sections to learn any of the many features , as well as a friendly , helpful forum.I am a musician , and do n't want to spend big bucks on the hard to learn programs , when this does it all for me .
 A little over 2 years ago , as part of the resurrection of my long-dormant music career after retiring , we bought a Yamaha music work station , as a way to play any music I would write or arrange . At the same time , I began giving my wife lessons on the soprano recorder . I was about to get my old stockpile of music paper out of the attic , but my wife suggested that there must be notation software that would make my life a lot easier . At that time , I test-drove 4 different freeware products , selected the best-of-the-breed , and started to capture arrangements I had written many years ago . Also , I began to create exercises , songs and recorder duets for my wife and me . Unfortunately , the freeware product was not very robust and it kept crashing on me , as I frequently asked a little too much of it.Due to this lack of robustness in the freeware , I continued my research for a better product . I ran across a thread in a Yamaha forum , suggesting that Notation Composer from Notation Software , Inc. was a very powerful , easy-to-use music notation application . The thread also noted that Composer compared very favorably in capability , and very importantly , in price , to the high-end products.I have been using Notation Composer for about a year-and-a-half , and have captured most of my scores from my younger days . Composer is a extremely robust application , and has very effective recovery routines -LRB- rarely needed -RRB- , unlike the freeware I used . The scores I have captured with Composer range from the duets that I 've written recently , to dance band septet , swing/jazz band , concert band and full orchestra . The product is quite intuitive , and the Help function is extremely well-written and detailed . And , very importantly , the ongoing Notation Software Support has been fantastic , which is important to new users . Also , the Forum subscribers have been very helpful.I can play the Composer files on my PC , as I 'm writing them , and they sound very good , even though I do not have a high-end sound card . Also , my wife frequently plays along with Composer while she is practicing . This gives her valuable reinforcement on keeping proper tempo.The printing capability of Composer is excellent , with clear , sharp printout of parts.Composer can also read midi files , and create scores that you can read and study , as help in writing your own music.My wife knew very little about written music before she started to play recorder . She likes to say that the only thing she knew how to play was the radio . As her recorder lessons progressed , she received a number of song books for reading/playing . Some of the songs were out of range for her instrument , so I gave her rudimentary data entry lessons on Composer . She can now enter these songs into Composer , transpose them to any key that suits the recorder , and then print them out for her ever-expanding personal music book . She very quickly picked up the data entry skills necessary to do this -- a strong point for the ease-of-use of Composer.The Notation forums contain a wealth of information about user-written music and a lot of help in learning how to use Composer . Sample a number of the shared items in the extensive `` Share Your Music '' Forum . There is a broad spectrum of music written by Composer users . Go to their home site and follow the forum links for more information.In summary , Composer is a very easy-to-use , intuitive , reasonably-priced music notation application suitable to both beginners and experienced music lovers . I highly recommend it .
 I have been using Midi-Notate for over a year now and I rate it above the other more expensive packages . Note entry is easier and there are many ways to achieve it . It does not have all the bells and whistles of the top range packages but it has some unique features - like play the accompliment while displaying the tune and highlighting the note in real time . I use it to practise with my violin .
 Im a person that composes a lot of music.But I wanted an easy program that I would get to know quickly.When I tried it out at there website for 30 days.I loved it right away.easy to learn.easy to use .
 I just finished using Its Deductible to calculate the value of the clothing that we donated last year & it netted us another $ 199 in tax savings . It was very dificult determining `` fair market value '' on my own in prior years & this was a welcome helping hand . The only down side for me was that it did not have any provisions for people who donated automobiles -LRB- a minor problem -RRB- . The program is also great for keeping track of cash charitable contributions as you make them instead of waiting until it 's time to do your taxes . It also prints detailed reports on all of your activity .
 A must have for garage sale addicts . My usual pile of donations was valued at over eighteen hundred dollars , according to the software . Valuations tend to be over thrift store prices . The software is fairly easy to use , but watch out-its easy to delete all your donations . The receipt printout was useful .
 I found It 's Deductible to be an easy to use piece of software . While I was dissapointed in the one-year licensing aspect of it , I saved many times the investment in tax savings of dontated items for 2002 . I really did estimate too low , real market value on many of my donations made in 2002 . I am buying a second copy to track my donations throughout 2003 . It imported very well into Turbo Tax as well .
 I read the first guys review here on Amazon , and he needs to get a clue . He totally misses the point of the software . The features are pretty good , but the real value is that it has tons of values for all kinds of items based on the condition of the items.I used this software this year because we moved and donated quite a bit of stuff . I had almost $ 4500 of non-cash deductions using this product , and there is no way I would have risked that high of a deduction on my own . I would say about 80 % of the stuff we gave away was listed in the software , and thats not too bad . The alternative is to figure out what stuff is worth yourself , which nobody will really do , so the only thing you can do is guess.I am definately a satisfied customer !
 Literally , a find indeed . I have used several of the more popular Mapping and Phone listing programs for what I use this software for , and I have even used previous versions of Street Atlas and Phone Disc , but this is by far the best as a combination . In comparison the mapping is superb , and the phone listings have not let me down yet . The ease of use for a package of this caliber amazes me . You get so much for a reasonable price ! I ca n't say enough about the product . If you are looking for Business , Personal or Census Info . This one is Very Good ! And it does n't take Big Blue to run the program ! I 'm happy with it .
 This product allowed me to map my business customers and develop maps for routing from one to another systematically . If you need a product to help you cold call or develop routes , this is it .
 This is a wonderful product for video effects and video splicing
 I ordered v8 as soon as it was advertised by Garmin but they shipped v7 instead . Six weeks later I got the v8 update dvd . My wife and kids had to make due with v7 while in Madrid . She was pleased with the accuracy and said it enabled her to travel around with confidence . However , she noted that Madrid was undergoing quite a bit of major road construction and she got stuck in multiple traffic jams on the major highways . In the end , she would veer away from the major roads and let the unit re-calculate her route .
 I bought this CD summer 06 just before a month long road trip through Italy and I can tell it saved my trip . Without it , every day would have been a nightmare . Driving through the busy streets of Rome , Florence , Milan , Napoli went like a breeze . The automatic recalculation of routes was quick and a must when driving through very crowded streets . I was amazed how my Garmin 350 could figure out the most complicated path in the Alps and the Riviera and Amalfi coast . To build my trip , I simply entered each of my hotels in `` My Favorites '' as well as the major sites i wanted to visit . I then entered the destination with one waypoint each day and it went very well.POSITIVE : - Very accurate picture of the curves , exits , roundabouts - Excellent mapping of the streets at the highest zoom - Precise mapping of POI , parks , sightsNEGATIVE : - Garmin sometime confuse roads suitable for scooters only with major roads - Automatic unzooming and zooming should be disabled . I used high zoom most of the time - Inaccuracies were rare but already present -LRB- some inexistant exits and wrong one-ways -RRB-
 Good product - Works as advertised . But ... Note that Version 8 is not the most recent product . Version 9 has been around since late 2006 - Apparently lots of improvements , and greater coverage of Europe . I am contacting Garmin directly to see if I can upgrade for free . I would have bought v9 if I had known it existed !! There are lots of road building projects in Europe and things have moved on since Version 8 . I came up against at least 2 situations where new motorways -LRB- in Germany -RRB- completed in the last 1 - 2 years were not shown at all , and I was taken on a bit of a round about journey .
 City Navigator v9 proved a vital asset while traveling in Germany . All local streets and major roads were well represented in and around Munich . While not all that many Biergartens were listed in the Points of Interest -LRB- POI -RRB- list , some were . If I had an address , it was easy enough to plug in that address and my Garmin 276C never failed to route me exactly to that point . My only major disappoint is that CN Europe is keyed for access to one Garmin unit only . To use CN Europe on a second unit requires the purchase of a second key , where CN North America allows two units to be accessed before requiring a second key . Overall , an excellent product , if a bit expensive .
 Software made my last trip to Europe a pleasure . I pre-programmed all my appointments and hotels before I left the USA . GPS data was very accurate in Germany and Austria -LRB- is this a surprise ? -RRB- , but in Italy , accuracy was less than perfect . Be careful in countries where Garmin says data may be incomplete . That is the only reason I gave it 4 stars . Cost is high , but with expensive European fuel prices , missing a turn , etc. can add up .
 Way way too expensive but worth every penny when walking and trying not to get lost in the back streets of London , Rome and Athens while guilding my directionally challenged wife . Nothing beats a hand held Garmin GPS with a great city map in a foreign city . Garmin if you listening , how about producing a City Navigator that covers all the cruise port cities in Asia ?
 Excellent product . I have managed to navigate through Europe on my trip without any issues . The data is still very accurate .
 I recently used this product in my Nuvi 360 for three weeks in Austria and Germany and found it highly accurate and the equal of the guide for the USA in terms of driving directions and POI 's . It got us through the winding streets of Vienna , Munich and other towns and highways along the way with no problems . We were also in Budapest , though without a car , and it appeared to have a very complete map of that city . We found that the American English voice -LRB- Jill -RRB- butchered the pronunciation of German street names so switch to the German voice if you understand German . If you know no German -LRB- or other local languages as the case may be -RRB- , then the American pronounciation will probably be useful in recognizing street names phonetically , and of course you will get the driving directions in English.The Garmin card has absolutely no instructions regarding how to boot it . You must insert the card , turn on the device , then go to Tools > Maps > Map Info and check the Europe Navigator .
 Dont travel to Europe without it . I drove in the past without GPS and its way to stressful . They all have quirks but not many with a Garmin NUVI
 I am very happy with it , easy to install it , no problems , At now I have no tested in really life but im planning a trip and I Will do it , I think it will be a great product as his `` twin '' City Navigator North America , the same kind of info and tools -LRB- routes , POI , Details -RRB- Note
 I purchased this maps on a DVD and purchsed a 4GB scan disk . The 4GB does not work on this Garmin . I had to purchased the 2GB and took me several hours to load these map . I had to unselect several Eastern countries to make sure I have enough memory.It work perfectly . The message always says miles , when in reality it is km . It helped me a lot . I am still in Europe using it and would not be able to do without it .
 Loaded the maps of Italy , and off we went . Found everything we were looking for , it even had our hotel for the last night . Could n't have found it without the maps .
 I LOVED IT !! I used this map set to drive the entire east coast of Australia from Cairns to Melbourne . I also used it to drive from Alice Springs to Ayers Rock . It took me around and through Sydney !! This software made the trip a delight . I used the map in my Garmin IQ3600 and had one major problem ; the IQ3600 would abort on entering about 1/3 of the roundabouts . And Australia is full of roundabouts . The Garmin would always abort in the same place if reentering a problem roundabout . I worked around the problem by turning off the IQ3600 after getting the exit instruction before entering a roundabout and turning it back on after exiting the roundabout . The problem may not be the map or my Garmin , since I have discovered I was two IQ3600 releases behind and one release claims to fix some navigation aborts . I will find out if I ever return to Australia .
 Great product ... would recommend to anyone with a Garmin going over to Europe . I installed it on my computer and found it very easy to use and being able to select the actual area I wanted was nice because it saved TONS of memory space on my GPS .
 My family and I recently went to visit my daughter who lives in Austria . We used our Garmin 550 and the recently purchased downloaded CD map information . We put the maps on an SD card rather than load up the unit itself . The directions from Munich Airport to her home in Austria were wonderful and got us there without a glitch . We had been awake for 42 hours by the time we arrived and were glad we did not need to try to follow paper maps in the car while enroute . However , there was one glitch . We decided to drive one day from her home in Austria to Chesky Krumlov , a small and beautiful are in the Czech Republic . Evidently I had forgotten to change my unit from the shortest route to whatever would have gotten us there via a BETTER route ! We traveled for miles and miles over twisting and turning roads -LRB- unlike the route we had taken a few years ago without the GPS -RRB- , through areas which we had never seen before -LRB- interesting and beautiful but not when you only have so much time . At last our GPS unit announced we were arriving at a ferry !! Only there was no ferry operating . Perhaps during the summer season there is , but the unit did not tell us that ! We then had to back track for miles , again over hilly and winding terrain while the unit did some `` recalculating '' , again traveling up and down roads that resembled a corkscrew . We eventually came upon the route which we had traveled a few years ago -LRB- pre GPS days -RRB- and were more than happy to finally reach our destination at noon . We did not use the unit for the return trip back to my daughter 's as we were sure it would again head us towards the ferry ! At the end of our vacation , we used the GPS European maps and they got us back to the Munich airport wihout any problems . I am not sure how to avoid errors such at the one which took us to the ferry , but I would again use this CD to get us to destinations on future trips , perhaps checking a paper map along the way as well !
 A finding , so good , I was short on selling my nuvi 200W , just called to garmin 's customer service , good advice , great product , no regrets .
 Very good product . I 've made several trips around Germany on a motorcycle with a Garmin GPS 60c . The maps have been accurate and took me right where I wanted to go .
 This product supports me on my travels with my palm -LRB- I use the new m505 -RRB- , I could not keep up with all of the information that this application can do for me . A MUST buy for anyone that is using the palm and is traveling . The language translater application is one of the best parts of this application , and the 24 hour travel alarm keeps me on time . All over the world . Do not miss this one for your palm .
 It is not necessary to be an accountant to use Simply accounting . You can create your own models of financial reports or use the ones created by the software.Your reports are always up to date .
 I am a HUGE fan of PocketMoney and have been for a year and half ever since I tried out the demo version . This simple little program is easy to use and will help you to keep your finances in line with minimal effort ! I have tried Pocket Quicken as well and I 'm happy to say that Pocket Money 2.1 is easier to use and more powerful -LRB- as well as less expensive ! -RRB- than even Pocket Quicken . And as I mentioned in my title , this the only Palm app that I use on a daily basis . . aside from the Datebook!I use this in place of Quicken or MS Money . You heard me right ... this little app is robust enough to be your stand alone financial software . Even better is that it 's portable and does many of the things the desktop money managers do . Of course you can use it as a supplement for Quicken/MS Money as it does export QIF files , but on it 's own , PM has the power and features to do everything you need.Setting up accounts is easy as is doing the actual tracking of debits/credits and so on . You can set up recurring payments , regular deposits , and so on . You can set up which accounts are counted as part of your total net worth on the overview screen so that you always have a snapshot of just how much money you really have . The portability factor is great ... stop at an ATM or purchase something and you can quickly record the transaction with a minimum of stylus taps and not have to worry about entering the receipts in your desktop PC when you get home.The app is stable -LRB- never crashes -RRB- , small in size -LRB- only a few hundred Kilobytes -RRB- and the password screen is a welcome basic safety feature . Plus , all your card info and bank contact data can safely be stored in this app in the event that you lose your wallet or need to call your bank!If you buy just one Palm application or if you feel the need to organize your finances -LRB- and keep them organized -RRB- , Pocket Money is a worthwhile purchase . I ca n't say enough about this great product !
 Pocket Money is an amazing product.The program works very cleanly . Within 1 hr of playing around with it , I actually had , for the first time in one place , a listing of what my net worth was ! To me , that 's an amazing feat . I 've got my 401k totals there , stock holdings , checking accts , savings accts , home equity , credit cards , the amount of change sitting in my drawer , and even the amount of money sitting in my pocket!It took only a few minutes , and the results are truly a peace of mind , because , with every transaction , whether ATM , or in a store , or wherever , I can open up the program , and quickly add the amount of the purchase or deposit or transfer , give it a category if I want , and who it went to , and that 's it . Done . I can forget about it until my next transaction takes place.Now I do n't have to wonder if I 'll have enough for this item or that . Just by putting in bills that I know are coming in at the beginning of the month , I can see how much I * really * have , rather than the tempting figure that sometimes prints out on an ATM receipt.Thanks makers of Pocket Money !
 Both my wife and I like to keep track of our expenses on the road . PocketMoney allows us to both track expenses on our Palms and beam account changes to one another when we return . Really a time saver .
 Definitely the common man 's database program . Very flexible for a variety of database needs ; includes a good starter set of templates . Plus there are numerous user groups with a variety of freeware , shareware and customware solutions for everything from contact rolodex to small business accounting . Add to this the ability to host databases on the web -LRB- with included web templates -RRB- and it really is robust for this price.As for the 5.5 upgrade , if you have version 5.0 and do not need an OS X version , then this upgrade offers little . But if you 're at version 4 and/or need an OS X solution , this is a must and reasonably priced upgrade.A few caveats for OS X users , there is no toolbar feature like there is for OS 9 users and ODBC support does not allow importing . Also , until FileMaker Mobile 2 is released , version 1 does not work in OS X with FM 5.5 . And for all OS users , this version limits your web access to 10 unique users within a 12 hour period . For example , do not use this version for an online store solution ; upgrade to the FileMaker Unlimited version for this .
 I wish that they would update the software for the Palm T | X . The new versions only run on the Palm phones.You receive the software and an activation code for this.The activation code does not work correctly . You have to contact Handmark by email to get them to do the activation.The product itself is great since it contains all the Zagat guides . But , the product description should make it clear that you are getting a 1 year subscription only .
 This software is free from the -LSB- ... -RSB- website . I tried it a couple of years ago and found it lacking relative to Microsoft Office . I just tried it again , and now it is amazingly good . You should know that I am a user that does not use the most advanced features of the Microsoft product . So some of you might still find it lacking . For me it now functions seamlessly just as the well as the multi-hundred dollar product . I am going to donate to the -LSB- ... -RSB- project to keep it going , and you should too , if you want to keep a product around that does n't cost an arm and a leg .
 It runs fine on Windows 9x , but I just ca n't make it work on XP . I ca n't fault the product or MS for this . It wo n't install properly even using the Compatibility mode options in XP .
 If you do n't have the individual parts of this , the compilation is excellent , covers all the basics and more , with links to other scientific resources . A great gift that will be used again and again by middle school students .
 I first used Typing Tutor when its first version came out , many years ago . I was very happy with it then , and have been happy with the subsequent releases . I am a professional software instructor , teaching applications at a university and a college , as well as in the private sector . I have always recommended the Typing Tutor program to students and people in business . Given , virtually everyone now uses the keyboard for some sort of data entry , being good on the keyboard can greatly improve productivity , in the classroom and on the job.The feedback I have gotten from users , that followed my recommendation , and bought Typing Tutor has always been enthusiastically positive . One owner of an engineering firm , who had been a two-fingered typist , tried it and was so pleased with it , he bought copies for everyone in his company . Being able to type emails , reports , proposals , etc. , etc. , at 60 + words per minute , rather than 30 or less , makes a substantial productivity improvement - figure how many hours are spent on the keyboard , and what it costs per man-hour , and what can be saved.I tried Typing Tutor 10 , and did not run into the same problem the previous reviewer did , regarding loss of data . It is n't clear , specifically , what could have caused their particular problem . Actually , I think Typing Tutor should be a prerequisite to word processing . I still recommend the product and can assure that anyone using it can only get better if they use it . And they can actually enjoy themselves with the various games as they learn .
 After deciding to get back into D&D after a long layoff I went to a store to see if there were any new books I might want . I got this -LRB- AND the expansion -RRB- instead . As a DM , I ca n't get over how much time it saves me . It is great for generating NPC 's and encounters , as well as maps . Since all the basic D&D books are available , looking up stuff -LRB- if you know where to go -RRB- is handy . And maintaining characters and printing out new records after going up a level -LRB- or other significant changes -RRB- is really wonderful -LRB- especially for my kids who are n't so good at keeping records -RRB- . I am able to develop and maintain a much more detailed adventure world in a lot less time . And another big plus - there are quite a few web sites with stuff that can be downloaded and imported -LRB- npc 's , monsters , magic items , maps , etc. -RRB- . Doing it is easy.Now for the drawbacks
 This Software for AD&D is a real must have . The first thing about this software is the ease of installing and use . Making Charters and editing them has gotten better in this one . Futher more Making monsters , NPC 's , and simple maps with the map maker does get easer with use . There is one draw back though . The campain map maker is a bit diffacult to use and the Tutoral does n't work in some of the early verisons , like the one I have , and you must download a patch to fix that problem.Of course , in the expantion for 2.0 , they rectife the problem .
 For those of you us who owned version 1.0 of the AD&D ; Core Rules CD-Rom , a revision is a long time in coming . Version 1.0 was a mess , with inconsistencies , broken programs , and a general feeling that TSR rushed it out as soon as possible without a whole lot of quality control -LRB- not an uncommon theme with TSR pre-WOTC takeover -RRB- . I 'm happy to say they fixed a few problems . They also created a few more.There are some staple elements that make you wonder why you ever bought any rule books . There 's no less than nine of them , even more than version 1.0 . Of course , that led me to wonder where the other ones were . Where 's the Complete Book of ? The Wizard 's Spellbooks ? It does n't matter . That 's for Version 3.0 . Something seems to have happened to the Monster Manual , however . The pictures are no longer neatly displayed next to the descriptions . Instead , they 're crammed into the RTF documents like the rest . Who wants to look at a monsterful of naked text?What you will find is a hand-dandy number crunching program that allows you to make sense of all those Player 's Option rules . I actually enjoyed this system , even if it was a bit awkward , because the Player 's Option rules can make creating a character a much more complicated process.Then there 's the database . This database allows you to customize various objects , from magic items to monsters to encounters to kits . Which is neat . But only kits , and kits in the Players Option sense . Which means the kits are very weak . Also , there 's a bit of confusion between giving a kit a bonus to a proficiency , a free proficiency , a preferred proficiency , and a required proficiency . Forget customizing classes -- THOU SHALT NOT TOUCH THE CORE RULES ! Okay , so it 's not THAT customizable.I forgive all that . Having the cash equivalent of over $ 100 on a CD makes it worth the investment , especially if you 're fond of hacking up the rules and want to insert your own house rules . To me , one of the biggest benefits of having AD&D ; rules in electronic text is what you can do with them.What I ca n't forgive , however , is the mapping programs.They tried . They tried very hard by including the Campaign Cartographer , which proved to be exceptionally dense and not particularly effective in mapping anything at all . I suspect it can be used by someone capable who wants to sit down and read the instruction manual , only there is none that accompany the CD . But that 's not all ! There 's also another mapping program , the original mapping program that came with Version 1.0 , Map Maker II.That collective groan you 're hearing in the background is from anyone who ever bought the first version . The reason they 're groaning is because that sorry excuse for a mapping program did n't work . The good news is , it works now.That 's about it though . Worse , it 's not exportable to any useful graphics format . No . pds , . bmps , . gifs . or jpgs . What good is this map ? It works , but it 's not even compatible with the Campaign Cartographer on the same CD!Ultimately , the Advanced Dungeons and Dragons Core Rules CD-ROM 2.0 does what it 's supposed to do
 The Core Rules CD-ROM is a great utility for DM 's . If you are a player , most of the stuff contained in it will be practically useless , except for the player creation and the books . If you are a player , the best thing to do is show this to your DM because it will be a bigger help to him than you . Actually , having your entire gaming group pitch in for this , so the DM can have a copy would probably be the best idea . The player creation is great . It simplifies the sometime long procedure of creating a character . And if you 'd rather roll up your character with pencil , paper , and dice , you can still enter your character for a hard copy rather than having the computer roll it up for you . The map making utility is practically useless . The maps do n't look that good , and there are too few icons . The DM tools simplifiy the DM 's life a lot . NPC 's , random encounter tables , and the like can be created in a matter of minutes . The books that it comes with are nice to have , but they will never replace the original hard-bound paper versions . Who wants to go to their computer to look up a rule in the middle of a game , when they can have their book right there on the table with them ? Not me . If you are new to D&D , do n't buy this as a replacement for the books . Buy the Paper version of the Players Handbook . If you are a DM and are looking for a time saver , like I was , this is the thing for you .
 This is a must have if you are into d & d. t is great with or without the expansion pack . You can look up just about anything , and the mapmaker is a lot better then it used to be in version 1.0 . The graphics are better , and the charecter creation is a lot easier then before . But for those of you who are not very good at using computers you might have some trouble at first , but as you use ut more and more it is a lot better . Most people would say it is out of date , but I waited 20 days for this present from christmas of 1999 and it was well worth the 20 days of boring waiting
 If you are a DM This product is just for you . -LRB- it makes mapmaking not so much of a hasstle ! -RRB-
 I received the CD in record time & in great shatpe & it works great . Would order again.Thanks again
 I hardly ever leave my computer without playing Pyramid solitare - my favorite Hoyle card game . It is wonderful . I fear I may need to join Hoyle anonymous , in order to get everything I need to get done in a day . Thanks Amazon for providing me an economical way to spend my spare time . June Dunaphant
 It is not easy to make a choice between Britannica and Encarta , but I finally buy this one.First of all , this is the encyclopedia I usually use in school and I always found it is useful . I guess the content will not disappoint me and it is as expected . with over 80,000 articles in two cds , the multimedia is the opportunity cost . I think the image is not enough , I read swordfish and it does n't show me a picture . although the print version has no picture as well , I think it is necessary . there are some minor bugs with the program but it is generally stable . I recommend this product to the serious learners .
 I always find what I 'm looking for in Britannica . I was also pleasantly surprised to find a lot of photos , along with sound & animation.The information is serious and there 's a lot of it . The interface is easy to use and the `` extras '' -LRB- like a dictionary , world atlas , and other features -RRB- are a big plus . If you want a real reference tool that is n't written for third graders , Britannica is the only choice .
 Recall that Britannica was a multi-volume , paper-based Encyclopaedia worth many thousands of dollars only a few years back , so this CD version is well worth the money if you do n't already have something like this . There is the advantage that if you decide to look up a few separate things , you do n't need to pull one of the heavy volumes off the shelf , flick through it , put it back , then take out another , etc. . With this software , if you choose the full hard-disk install option , you wo n't even need to insert the CD to run the program!COMPARISONS WITH ENCARTA : I think most people who reviewed this are correct in deducing that Britannica has much more information -LRB- mainly text -RRB- content than Encarta . For example , Britannica includes far , far more flow-charts , figures and diagrams , while Encarta has much more pictures . This becomes especially apparent when you search for something with both software programs and then compare the results . More often than not , Britannica has over twice the info -LSB- but please note that I used the 1996 version of Encarta -RSB- . For example , off the top of my head , I searched with following words and phrases
 When I was young , I was one of those kids who sat in a corner and read encyclopedias . To me , starting at a topic and then following the references was a voyage of discovery like no other . When my parents visited their friends to play cards , I always asked if I could read their encyclopedias . However , time marches on and yards of shelf space have been replaced by a CD.However , while the form of delivery may change , the content is still capable of generating excitement . The addition of multi-media opens new avenues of instruction that simply can not be done with paper . I spent several hours exploring the CD before I turned it over to my children to use on their computer . They thought it was neat . The material is fully referenced with complete search facilities that allow you to move quickly to desired information . A dictionary is also included.Since I do spend so much time on my computer , I have found it very helpful , particularly when I need to find the exact meaning of a word . It is no longer necessary to reach across to grab my dictionary , I simply pop up the online dictionary and get what I need immediately . It is a very useful tool to aid in research projects and has replaced several of my reference books . While I recommend it for libraries , the most valuable use to academics is probably as an online reference tool that can be the source of first resort . Even if you have Internet access , it is much easier to try the encyclopedia before doing a web search.Published in Mathematics and Computer Education , reprinted with permission .
 ... The package delivers good materials especially for students , but not very detailed though . Like Chinese Crested Dog , when you would like to trace its origin , Britannica will only show `` History and Origin of Dogs , '' not about the specific Chinese Crested Dog -LRB- it does not in printed volumes neither -RRB- . One another weak point , the Merriam Webster Dictionary which is included in this pack can not copy and paste . But in Britannica section , you can always copy and paste .
 Just as some of the buyers have complained here in Amazon.com , the `` convenient '' installation in this Britannica DVD does n't work . Obviously , this is due to a bug in the program . So I have to keep the DVD always in the computer , an inconvenient option . The multimedia is not as bad as some Encarta enthusiasts claimed . This DVD has great content and is good for adults and researchers . When I click `` Islam , '' I get pages after pages of articles . You do n't get that much from Encarta.Verdict
 This is simply the best reference product I have ever purchased for my family . I have read all the reviews in this forum , and want to point out a few things :1 . Although there is no practical way to do a complete installation with the 2002 DVD , their customer service department is more than happy to exchange your version for a CD Deluxe edition , which does support this installation -LRB- nearly 2GB -RRB- 2 . One reviewer said that there was no alphabetical browse feature , but there IS one in the product . Additionally , there is a subject browse tool called the Knowledge Navigator , which is based loosely on the content from the Propaedia volume of the printed edition .3 . While the multimedia does tend to be scant , it is all EB 's original content . Other companies tend to license videos and photos like crazy , but have very little REAL content as far as the text goes . Britannica is known for its original content , and the transfer to CD/DVD is wonderful .
 I bought my first Encyclopdia Britannica CD 2.0 on September 13 , 1995 . Looking at the invoice in front of me now , it cost me exactly $ 522.59 -LRB- including tax , shipping and handling -RRB- . I upgraded to the Britannica CD 98 Standard Edition couple years later.Subsequently , EB had been releasing a more powerful DVD version just for the Windows platform and the same thing for the Mac is nowhere to be found . I do n't know how many times I had been calling EB to release a DVD for the Mac with no avil . Being a diehard Mac user , I refused to buy into the Windows version.As you may imagine , I am extremely delighted that EB is finally going to release a DVD for the Mac after all these years ... It is much more convenient to use just one DVD instead of swapping back and forth with two CD-ROMs . More audio and video on one DVD is another advantage of going DVD.Technology is GOOD !
 Clearly the top encyclopedia on the market . Unmatched content , nice media . Highly recommended .
 Convenient installation -LRB- which should allow user to install most of the contents -LSB- except multimedia -RSB- of DVD on his hard disk -RRB- properly works for my Mac . My Mac is iMac G4 -LRB- flat panel one -RRB- , OSX -LRB- 10.1.3 -RRB- .
 I run this program on a reasonably powerful computer -LRB- 1.2 Athlon -RRB- with no problems but a slight delay booting up -LRB- perhaps this might translate into a freeze on a less powerful computer -RRB- . Encarta might be more kid friendly , but do n't forget the depth and quality of Britannica 's content -LRB- after all it has been the premier reference for eons and it 's all there on the DVD -RRB- . I know style counts for something when it comes to the software interface , but do n't forget the content , particularly if you 're over 13 !
 This is simply the best reference product I have ever purchased for my family . I have read all the reviews in this forum , and want to point out a few things :1 . Although there is no practical way to do a complete installation with the 2002 DVD , their customer service department is more than happy to exchange your version for a CD Deluxe edition , which does support this installation -LRB- nearly 2GB -RRB- 2 . One reviewer said that there was no alphabetical browse feature , but there IS one in the product . Additionally , there is a subject browse tool called the Knowledge Navigator , which is based loosely on the content from the Propaedia volume of the printed edition .3 . While the multimedia does tend to be scant , it is all EB 's original content . Other companies tend to license videos and photos like crazy , but have very little REAL content as far as the text goes . Britannica is known for its original content , and the transfer to CD/DVD is wonderful .
 aloha from Hawaii , so you 're looking for ways to recoup your software investments . Or maybe you just want to build something really really kewl . Either way , this product is potentially the most important software to be released in the last 6 months.As a software instructor , I can attest to the ease of use . Heck , using this software , I can teach you how to create a complete video conferencing and chat application in hours . Best of all , your target audience already has the necessary Flash player to view your finished work . The player shipped long before the software was released so anyone that upgraded their player in the last 6 months -LRB- approx -RRB- can use the application you build.As a dot.com business owner for the last 6 years I can attest to the fact that companies are paying for the features this product allows you to build . Imagine building a complete video conferencing solution for a client in about a week . Delivering this sort of value is what has kept us in business and it will keep your customers coming back for more.You can try out one of these applications I built for our local Macromedia User Group -LRB- mmhug.com -RRB- and see if it 's kewl enough for you . The link to the application is in the news section.Those of you learning web design or just starting out in Flash , need to learn this software . There 's trial versions available to get you started . Best wishes with your designs ...
 I bought an earlier edition of this software and worked with it alot and was satisfied with the software itself . Unfortunately , the manual was apparently written by someone who had never used the software , and contacting the seller was totally wasted time ; they refused to respond to any questions . I recently bought this new edition , hoping the problems had been solved over the past few years . No such luck . The manual is even worse than before , and the tutorial does n't even come close to what is actually to be done on the software . If you can figure this out yourself , it is a good tool for screenwriting , otherwise , you are going to be terminally frustrated and chuck the thing into the river . Beware , expect NO help from the manual or from the manufacturer .
 Write Brothers StoryView 2.0 I think that Write Brothers StoryView is a wonderful product ! As you work on your dramatic writing process for either a script , play , or novel . Storyview 2.0 will allow you to view each scene in relation to the others . I developed my story on a dramatic writing software and then exported it over to StoryView . StoryView brought up the scenes beautifully and I was able to objectively view each screen in contrast to the other scenes - and also have a larger view of the story as a whole ! Without this product most people would have to use index cards in order to perform this process . But with StoryView , the process is much easier . Plus , you are able to import dramatic writing ideas from other software and be able to arrange and critique the ideas in the StoryView software and then export the ideas to a script formatting software . I use all three in conjunction with each other . But the best benefit of these features is that you are able to view , piece together , and develop a story - all in one process with StoryView - and then the final step would be the technicality of formatting the story into a script ! Also , I want to mention that you can also convert the scenes with StoryView into a Word document and be able to show your story to others who do not own the StoryView software . So , I am extremely happy with this product ! It definitely is an aid to my writing as well as giving me an advantage as a writer over others who do not use these types of softwares . I would highly recommend this product !
 This software is remarkable . It 's just below $ 200 , and the price is very good for the product , the amount of resource the software provides . Tech support is awesome . The Write Brothers are where it 's at for this type of stuff .
 Imagine a Monet or a Van Gough on your computer screen ; this software has so many beautiful images I could n't name every work , and I thought I knew them all . Tired of seeing seascapes , animals , or nature pictures , I was delighted to find Impressionistic art as a screensaver . Turn-of-the-century art -LRB- 1900 -RRB- has a quality that I find hard to express but appreciate very much . If your tastes in art include the Impressionist period , this screensaver is a must-have for your collection . 25 images come to the screen illuminated by the computer , and are really quite nice to view , and are soothing to peruse . Although dated , this software is out of print ; it would be nice if someone would step up to the plate and revise a new set of Impressionist art images as a screensaver so more could enjoy it .
 TurboTyping has really helped me improve my typing . The training feature is great ! It tracks my typing in everyday use and I forget it 's even there working to help me improve my typing . The customized lessons help me see where I need improvement and show me what keys I need to practice to become a better typist . I have already increased my typing speed and accuracy ! It 's an easy to use , practical and straightforward program that really produces great results . I highly recommend it !
 Camtasia 4 is just the latest version of this invaluable software for screen capture and integrated media . It is reliable , easy to use software , and comes with the support of a company that really understands business . I have never had a better support experience than with TechSmith . If you have an issue , they treat you like a client instead of a customer , and go out of their way to help you solve it . The software has always been great , but I 'll stick with Camtasia over other packages because I know I have TechSmith standing behind it .
 I 've used the DirectRoute software with my Magellan Gold for over a year and it was probably the single best investment I could have made for my GPSr . I use this in my car , on my motorcycle and whenever I 'm off hiking around the woods . This software package turns the handheld GPSr into a turn-by-turn street level navigation system for a fraction of the cost of a dashboard mounted unit . Sure , it does n't have touch screen and voice prompts but big deal ... . it also does n't cost a thousand bucks for the GPSr + this software and it 's mobile ! Try moving the dash mount units from car to car . And if you 're a biker -LRB- either motor or pedel -RRB- this is the only way to go . A total bargan in my book and one that I will continue to use for years to comeThe only reason I dinged it a star is that searching for a street using the handheld can take a looooong time if it 's a common name , like MAIN or ELM . The software just puts up a list of all streets that match the name and does n't allow sorting by town -LRB- which it does allow on the desktop -RRB- . Any idea how many MAIN streets there are in New England?Another small gripe is that the maximum uploadable map size is a hair under 64MB even though the GPSr will accept and read SD cards up to 512MB . And only one map per card is allowed . Not a big problem because 64MB covers an area the size of New England -LRB- less northern Maine -RRB- but it would be nice to have larger maps for long trips.I have strongly recommended this software and GPSr to many people and I have been totally satisfied . I 'm looking forward to the updates and am hoping that my minor gripes are addressed . All in all if you own a Meridian GPSr and want street level routing do n't hesitate to get this software , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 I bought the mapsend software to use with my Explorist 210 . It installed without any problems -LRB- windows XP -RRB- and works fine with the Explorist 210 . The program is very easy to understand and it uploads detailed maps to the unit with no problems . I had a question before I ordered the software and was pleased to talk with Magellen support in the USA and not someone overseas .
 The problem we have found with the product is that anything you need in traveling on a motorcycle can usually be found at Wal-Mart . Very limited listings of the nearest Wal-Mart Stores . Very difficult instructions in loading -LRB- needs to be listed as 1,2,3 , etc -RRB- I do have a Master 's degree ! Wish the company would make it easier to load and just to `` get started '' .
 I waited a year to give this program a try because I read so many poor reviews . I installed it last night on WinXP SP2 machine lots of RAM.Worked fine after a reboot -LRB- many programs are like that -RRB- . Contrary to what others say , you can have many maps on a card . Note that my Meridian Marine will not read a 2G card , so I put my maps 3 of them on a 256 . I am doing a 512 today . I kept each map smaller than 50Mb because I do n't want to sort between 500 main streets when looking for a place . I have split Calif Nevada into two sections , and a third map for OR & WA . If I leave those 4 states I will make up a new set of maps.To get it to work well define and name some regions , say 3 of them -LRB- but you can do more if you want -RRB- . Select upload to GPS -LRB- do not connect gps -RRB- . Program will give you a warning message and you allow it to save to the hard disk . Then put an SD card into a reader -LRB- a USB 2.0 unless you have a lot of time on your hands -RRB- and select one of your regions and hit upload . It will upload it to the card . Open up explorer and rename the region from detail001.img to so_cal . img or whatever fits your map . and close file explorer -LRB- or minimize it -RRB- then upload the next region , rename it on the card and repeat until you have uploaded your regions . I make my home region alphanumerically first so the gps defaults to it . To change maps go to menu , card utilities , -LRB- I think it is called -RRB- you can change detail maps from there.The program worked fine for me . Copy protection requires you have disk 2 in the drive when using the program a pain , if you scratch the disk but they have to keep it protected some how . I assume you better be carefull in entering the gps 's id or the maps wont work . Other than that seemed to work well . Worth the money , and considering that the Meridian GPS units have been out for a while before the routing program I was impressed that they added the functionality without demanding you purhcase a different GPS.CONS
 I did n't need this software since i only needed a road map with new hairline roads which I got from the 3D Topo software . However , this is a great product if you want all of the newer roads , and you want driving directions to and from .
 The Magellan DirectRoute North America Street Map VGA Video Card was purchase to upgrade my GPS Unit . It is very accurate and helpful
 Complex topics were explained at a slow pace and in a way that was easy for me to understand . .
 Accordance is simply the best bible software available for the Macintosh / OS X platform . It is fast , easy to use , expandable , and OS X oriented . This is n't a Windows package that has been ported over to the Mac . It 's Mac native , and has nearly 20 years of development history .
 I 've been using this software your years now , and I think it is by far the BEST bible program out there . It does everything you need and then some . But like all top notch programs you need to learn some of it 's features.I would n't trade programs for anything . Works best on Mac .
 The game was good until the forest in Madagascar . I really liked the board game in Lapland . However , in Madagascar , the search for the lemur was difficult . No matter which direction you face , the lemur 's cry does not sound louder or softer and it was either to the left or right but never centered . At certain points , the game crashes when looking for the lemur . Although the box claims the game will work on OS 10.3 , it would not run on our computer -LRB- OS10 .3.9 -RRB- It did work when we installed it on a computer running 10.4 , so beware .
 First 3 episodes of a truely atmospheric adventure game ; clearly a labor of love for the developers who have talents to equal much bigger production teams . I am glad they brought out a CD version and support the Mac platform as well as the PC.The forth episode -LRB- not included here -RRB- is in the making www.argongame / toldedoSince I am one who feels that as in life ` the journey is the reward ' and I am not at all perturbed that the series is planned to be 14 long , and so does not come to a conclusion in this product.Very stable on a Mac
 Order directly from www.dangdang.com , $ 30 shipped .
 Finally ! A Crossword Construction software that is both easy to use and loads of fun . I 've tried many but THIS IS THE BEST ! Thank you , to the developer who has made my hobby into something marketable.Crossdown Crossword Puzzle Maker Software
 I HAVE USED THIS BEFORE AND IT WORKS GREAT . IT KEEPS FROM HAVING POP UP ADS BECAUSE I HAD USED GATOR BEFORE , WHICH IS AN AD SUPPORTED SOFTWARE .
 Just what I needed to manage umpteen paswords for financial and other websites . Also , the passwords can be made as complex as you like so that accounts are secure . This also makes it easy to change passwords frequently .
 I recently purchased the cd-rom of Norton Password Manager 2004And it does exactly what is says it will do !!!!!!!!!!!
 I have used this software for a couple years and I love it ! It fills in all my passwords and stores my credit card information in an easily accessible way . I do n't have to pull out my cards each time I shop online . It also fills in name , address and telephone number for home or work whichever you choose . No one else uses my computer and if you have this software you should password protect your computer .
 I have this and love it . I have all my passwords on a sheet of paper in my safe incase I ever need to really `` see '' them.Sometimes the Password manager will not fill in a password that I know it `` knows '' . I have found an easy way around this . Say I am signing into Yahoo Mail and Password Manager does n't automatically fill my password in . Leaving the password field blank , I hit submit/enter -LRB- whatever the site wants -RRB- like I would if the password was entered . This wakes Password Manager up and then when the screen comes back up re-asking for my password , Password Manager will then fill in my password . Hopes this helps ...
 I 've had none of the problems these previous people are speaking of . I had a new Dell with this installed and never had a problem . It sounds as if these people do n't know a thing about software . Oh well . Great product !
 I previously used Norton Anti-Virus 2002 on my PC and decided to buy NIS 2004 Pro as I was receiving a lot of Spam emails and getting a lot of pop-ups while accessing a particular newspaper web-site . I had no problem installing , probably because I had always kept my Norton Anti-Virus updated , and had done a complete scan prior to the installation of the new product . After installation and whatever tweaking , it went on the internet and downloaded the latest fixes and updates . After that , I re-scanned my PC . Then all is done and working fine . The spam emails now go directly to the new Norton Antispam Folder , and the pop-ups have stopped so I 'm happy to read the newspaper in peace ! I 'm using Windows XP with MIE and Outlook Express . I have set my PC to auto-receive the Windows updates , so my PC is pretty much up-to-date and my new NIS 2004 Pro is working fine . As for the `` Product Activation '' - pity the pirates !! I also installed it on my husband 's PC - all went fine . **** January 28 , 2004 **** Still no problems - our PCs still work fine - no sign of slowing down .
 I have had this program for about a month now . Installation went fine and i only had to tweak a few settings to let me on to a particular site . It automatically finds and cleans viruses , and blocks all instrusion attempts . The only reason I can think that other peoples installations do not work is becasue you already have a virus on your system .
 This is very good . My pc has never been faster , and more safe . Plus you get Norton Antivirus Professional 2004 for free with this ! Very good protection and regularly updated . Firewall gets a Truestealth rating on Gibon Research 's ShieldsUp ! test -LRB- https://grc.com/x/ne.dll?bh0bkyd2 -RRB- . Only problem with the popup blocker -LRB- which works just fine by the way -RRB- is that some sites that use popups to navigate do n't work . Luckily you can define not only what sites should be allowed to display popups , but also what PART of the site . It is possible to have the main site display popups and another part blocked.I have seen people having problems with installing it . The problem seems to be that after installing and rebooting the program does not start , only a tray icon with a red cross . Pointing at this icon causes it to dissapear . Also , it is impossible to activate and register the program . I have a solution so more people can enjoy this fine program -LRB- cause you should n't expect much help from Symantec -RRB- This solution only works for Windows XP . Sorry ... First , uninstall EVERY Symantec program you 've got . After you are CLEAN of those programs , do the following : A. C : \ Program Files \ Symantec -LRB- this could already be removed -RRB- A. C : \ Program Files \ Common Files . Delete the Symantex Shared map.C . C : \ Documents and Settings \ All Users \ Application Data . -LRB- If Application Data is n't visible , enable ` view hidden files in Map options -RRB- . Delete the Symantec map COMPLETELY.D . Each account that the programs have been used on also have files -LRB- check all of them -RRB- . See C : \ Documents and Settings \ -LRB- enter user-name here -RRB- \ Application Data . Delete the Symamtec map.E . **** These are register deletes . It is advisable to make a backup before you do this **** Open the Regedit -LRB- type Regedit in the Execute window -LRB- or whatever that is in English , I have a Dutch version -RRB- . -LRB- Or go to Task Manager , New Task , and typ Regedit -RRB- . Now go to HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE \ SOFTWARE . Delete the Symantec map.Go to HKEY_CURRENT_USER \ SOFTWARE and delete the Symantec map here.I would do a reboot at this point . After that , install Internet Security . This time , the registration window will appear .
 For the past several years I have used various Symantec/Norton products . Furthermore , as an IT professional I typically recommend their products to family and friends , primarily because of the User Friendly consoles.However , as my subscription was about to expire for updates , I recently upgraded to Norton Internet Security Professional 2004 -LRB- NISP2K4 -RRB- from 2003 -LRB- non-Pro -RRB- . I encountered a problem which I have found to be fairly common among folks who use multiple user profiles on their machines . I found users of 2000 , XP Home , and XP Pro were all affected.I am running XP Professional w / three -LRB- 3 -RRB- user profiles -LRB- one work related , one for personal use , and one for wife -RRB- . Each profile has it 's own separate e-mail account set up in Outlook.Before loading NISP2K4 , I was not experiencing any problems . Following the installation , whenever I start Outlook after switching profiles , I receive the message listed below : Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime LibraryRuntime Error!Program C : \ ProgramFiles \ MicrosoftOffice \ Office10 \ OUTLOOK.EXEThis application has requested the Runtime to terminate it in an unusual way . Please contact the applications support team for more information.Troubleshooting Steps
 I have installed this copy of SystemWorks and it works just fine . I have not had any problems with this program crashing like other reviews . I bought this program to fix some errors with my XP Pro and the program fixed all of my problems . However , I wo n't say that things program is the greatest thing under the sun . It does fix some problems and it may be worth it if you have problems with windows .
 After reading reviews from whiners , I am reminded of the DOS days pre-Windows and the fact that 20-somethings write this software AND the manual ... I suspect the whiners are from this same generation . YES , Norton only warns of WinME drivers , etc. that might interfere with SystemWorks 2004 installation -LRB- `` get the newest ones '' -RRB- WHEN they should have said `` install from a Clean Boot '' -LRB- otherwise known as Selective Startup - ref . msconfig -RRB- ... and saved everyone an hour!So stay in the dark ages if you are lazy , but I was just exposed to the real devil and it 's not the angel Norton who also has shield & sword in Ghost & GoBack - it 's Microsoft , whose trusted Update downloaded and `` installed '' video drivers last week only to result in Explorer.exe crashing `` reload windows '' YIKES and did sysrestore or sysreg come to my aid ? Noooooo.Thank You Norton !
 This product is worth it for WinDoctor alone ! It repairs Windows operating system problems and works like a charm . The only other items I use are the antivirus program and the firewall . I never use Cleansweep because it can delete your very old files .
 I recommend this software . I bought NSW 2004 because my system is older , has gotten slower over the last 5 years and , having upgraded and deleted a number of programs over the life of my machine , there was a lot of reside in the registry . The package installed cleanly , activated w/o a hitch , installed missing links and sped up my system considerably . NSW detected and correct 149 `` problems '' . Utilities can optimize the hard drive and place the most used programs at the `` front '' and the least used at the `` back '' . This sped up my system considerably - much better than just a Windows Defrag.Note that if your e-mail uses Secure Socket Layers -LRB- POP 3 SSL -RRB- NORTON SW antivirus does not support scanning incoming or outgoing e-mail -LRB- you will have to disable the e-mail scan function -RRB- . Also , read the section on `` Preparing your Computer '' on page 45 -LRB- as another reviewer has mentioned -RRB- . I found the package to be worth every penny!I recommend this software . I bought NSW 2004 because my system is older , has gotten slower over the last 5 years . The package installed cleanly , activated w/o a hitch and has sped up my system considerably . Having upgraded and deleted a number of programs over the life of my machine , there was a lot of reside in the registry . NSW detected and correct 130 `` problems '' . The package will also optimize your hard drive and place the most used programs at the front and the least used at the back . This sped up my system considerably better than just a Windows Defrag.Note that if your e-mail uses Secure Socket Layers -LRB- POP 3 SSL -RRB- NORTON SW antivirus does not support scanning incoming or outgoing e-mail -LRB- you will have to disable the e-mail scan function -RRB- . Manual has a full explanation and simple instructions as thsi might apply . Also , read the section on `` Preparing your Computer '' on page 45 -LRB- as another reviewer has mentioned -RRB- . I found the package to be worth every penny ! Would have gotten 5 stars except for the non-support of POP3 SSL .
 Well , I got this program from a local Electronics retailer.I downloaded the ENTIRE program as is , and had major problemsinstantly . My screen would freeze after being online only a few minutes and I 'd reboot maybe 8 or 9 times in a single day ! My computer is 5 years old and did not have enough memory to accomodate the entire package , and I was n't going to use most of it anyway . . the idea of a program knowing all my passwords is kind of unnerving , too ... So I uninstalled the program and re - installed it , using the Customizing feature and only installed the Anti - Virus and Utilities programs . They 're the only two I really need anyway ... and Norton System Works 2004 works just fine now!Rebooting and screen freezing rarely occurs now , and as for the Norton AV program itself , I 've augmented it with the Stinger AV program , which is free and has a bit of a wider scope than the Norton AV program . I also have an Anti - Pop up and Anti Spyware program - Emerald Pop Stop and Spyware Blaster , respectively , and I recommend the use of both of them , too.My complaints about Norton 2004
 Just before Christmas I purchased a recertified computer which runs Windows XP . After owning it for just a couple of weeks I noticed that it had a couple of problems on startup
 I read -LRB- and re-read -RRB- many of the reviews posted on this site , as well as reviews posted on other sites , prior to making the decision to install Norton 2004 on my laptop . I also looked at the `` sales '' ranking for Norton products - and , considering the low rating given for the product , it sure is jumping off the shelf.I installed Systemworks on a Toshiba Satellite , 2.4 ghz Intel Celeron Processor , 512 mb ram , running XP Pro , SP1 . I read the instructions before beginning the installation and uninstalled NAV 2003 -LRB- ninety-day subscription -RRB- , which came with the laptop . Installing Systemworks 2004 went without a hitch . Activation / registration was painless , and product updates identified by the program updater were applied without problems.I use the `` cleansweep '' and `` web cleanup '' tools periodically to eliminate cookies and other files which result from browsing the internet , downloading information , installing applications , etc. . Cleanup is `` customizable '' - files I want to keep are not deleted -LRB- such as my personal settings on msnbc.com -RRB- . I am not a fan of password managers -LRB- not using -RRB- - and I chose not to install `` Go Back '' , as I am satisfied with the `` Restore '' functionality of Windows XP.XP , as well as the programs I run on my computer , seem to load as quickly as they did prior to installing SystemWorks . I am satisfied with SystemWork 2004 's functionality -LRB- utilities and anti-virus -RRB- . SystemWork 2004 is a value at its current price -LRB- with rebate -RRB- .
 I think this is a great all-in-one utility ... I have yet to be hacked and i keep my DSL connection connected 24/7 ... -LRB- due to Norton firewall , not included but is integrated with this -RRB- It has caught and quarentinned -LRB- sp -RRB- some viruses from web pages and email ... It has found and fixed windows problems ... The Speed Disk actually shows a noticable difference in performance ... It works -- &#62; .
 I do n't know what problems others have had . I have run SystemWorks , as well as Norton 's Firewall on my pc for several years , with Earthlink DSL , and have had zero problems . This product is easy to use and finds and fixes lots of problems . We just put Systemworks on my husbands laptop , Win98 , since he was having lots of problems with the machine not shutting down properly and freezing . He 's had the laptop for three years ; had always just used Norton 's Anti-Virus and never used SystemWorks or a similar product . SystemWorks found 80 + errors found on this lap top !! ... which SystemWorks fixed and now the laptop runs fine . I highly recommend this product .
 This is the best program I have ever purchased . I have 5 computers and it keeps them all at their best performance . I have never had any problems . Do n't listen to the person that said there is a W32.SymantecNSW2004Pro.Worm . That 's 100 % grade A B/S . It 's a resault of a lack of real computer knowledge . I searched multiple virus databases including mcafee , symantec , and 25 others and I found NO REAL VIRUS ! That is a hoax . There used to be a supposed virus that put itself in your windows folder . It had an icon of a teddy bear and was named setdebug . You delete that file and you are gon na have of heck of a time trying to fix it , thats a required system file . So do n't listen to every non-since thing you hear and do the reasearch yourself . As for all you McAfee people lookin ' to switch , this is a good choice . I fix computers for my friends all the time , I have had to wipe 5 viruses off Daves computer . You know why ? He uses McAfee , updates it every week . I 'm sorry to say but McAfee just is n't as good protection . Only virus probelms I have ever encountered are on McAfee users . And another thing , I bought a new Dell about 4 months ago . System works found and fixed over 200 errors , fresh out of the box ! No joke , Mcafee came on it sucked way more memory than Norton . My old win 98 was faster -LRB- p3 733mhz vs. p4 2.8 ghz -RRB- thats sad . With norton that thing is runing a lot faster , without it I would have been screwed . If your having memory problems , uses START - > Run - > msconfig and download adaware -LRB- http://www.lavasoftusa.com/ -RRB- and run some scans with clean sweep and One button checkup . Do n't let other people tell you lies about products , get your info from a relyable source and always check it .
 I read some rants here and wanted to comment I did n't have any problem at all with install . An upgrade from SystemWorks 2003 was completely seamless . For people with pre 2002 version the manual on page 47 said you should uninstall first ... newer version are automatic . Either here or when combined rebates from places like Fry 's , this is a cheap way to renew your antivirus subscription that is annual . No worries ... skip the bad review and pick it up ...
 I would rather upgrade to 2004 instead of pay subscription to 2003 version , it 's cheaper if you take advantage of Symantec rebate program.I should praise Symantec for the rebate program improvement
 I recently upgraded from Windows ME to XP . As a result , I also had to upgrade my old Norton SystemWorks 2001 to the 2004 version . I have experienced no problems . My virus scans have detected many of the spyware and Trojan Horse files -LRB- iefeat , etc. -RRB- that others say theirs seems to be missing . In researching this , it seems many anti-virus softwares are hesitant to define spyware and adware as a being malicious . I have found it best to address spyware and adware with dedicated programs like Ad-Aware and SpyBot.I deducted one star for the fact that it does sometimes slow down my computer , but when you think of what all it is doing , that 's not surprising .
 I dont really understand how everyone can be having problems . I loaded my copy onto a brand new laptop with Windows XP Professional as well as a much older PC still running Windows 98 . I can honestly say that there was n't one problem on either machine . Installation went without a single mishap or error . I highly reccomend this product . They totally scam you out of the rebate , however , which is why i gave it 4 stars . If you are serious aboutt he product , I highly reccomend buying it , but just dont count on getting the thirty dollars back because I guarantee you wont give them the correct forms and proofs of purchase that they are looking for . But hey , it fixed 87 errors on my laptop and 109 !! on the PC ! Great product . Maybe reading the driections before you go ahead and install this is a wiser decision .
 I 've had very good luck with Norton since way back in the DOS days . My System Works , works very well , but like most programs I do n't let them run my machine , I run them . I 'm no computer geek , but my PC is n't a toaster and I have to use my head . Norton utilities is usually one of the first things I install on a new machine . But I do n't have any part of System Works running in the background , with the exception of the anti-virus . I use what I want , when I want and then turn it off . Over the years , I find this works best . The speed-disk utility and the Windoctor utility are the ones I use the most . They are worth the usual discount price by themselves.Norton is n't perfect , and the documentation must be followed -LRB- turn off all that background junk that the machine has running -RRB- carefully , but like any good tool , once I 've learned to use it , it works consistently , reliably and without glitches . In well over a decade and a half of using Norton utilities of one flavor or another , I 've never had occasion to call customer support , so I ca n't address that issue .
 Installed no problem , runs great and glad I bought it . Same experience with Norton Internet Security 2004 - I see all these folks who are having massive problems and headaches with both these programs , so I do n't know what I 'm doing right -LRB- or wrong ? -RRB- . Only glitch is the additinal GoBack personal edition that came bundled with Systemworks - after installing it the computer would n't get past the XP bootup screen . Had to disable GoBack to get past that then finally uninstall it . Symantic supposedly has a fix for this on their website , and I might try it sometime . Does n't really matter - I do n't really need GoBack . Windows system restore is sufficient for my purposes . Other than that Systemworks runs great .
 For starters I should say two things
 I am very sorry to read all the bad reviews about Norton SystemsWorks 2004 . I own the 2003 version and I just purchased a new subscription instead of the whole new software package . I have all the updated virus protection and very pleased with the results .
 Norton SystemWorks -LRB- SW -RRB- 2003 worked like a charm for me but I 'm at my wits end with SW 2004 . I 've reinstalled SW 2004 for the third time in 36 hours and I still experience problem ... After a `` successful '' installation/activation Norton Password Manager -LRB- part of SW 2004 -RRB- invokes the Windows installer dialog asking for the SW installation CD . Well I 'm away from my office right now and I do n't have the CD with me so I 'm cancelling repeated installation attempts each time I browse to a new Web page ! I do n't know if this is a side-effect of Symantec 's new product activation policy but I 've had it ! Tomorrow I will return my copy of SW 2004 to Costco for a full refund . It 's ironic that they will send my $ 30 upgrade rebate -LRB- I 'm very prompt about sending out rebate requests -RRB- after I 've returned the product for a full refund . Hey Symantec , the idea behind activation is to alienate pirates , not your paying customers ! I 'll stick with my flawless , trusty , and legitimate copy of Norton SW 2003 . UPDATE -LRB- 2003-11-09 -RRB-
 Norton Systemworks has a lot of upgraded features than the previous version I had -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . It has a password manager that autofills passwords you want saved . It also repairs windows problems that occur when installing new software or moving files around . This is a great buy if you want to keep your system running good for a long time .
 I recently purchased a Dell 8300 computer running on Windows XP . I had been having some Windows-related problems with my system . I purchased System Works 2004 and installed it . It found 216 problems with the registry and fixed them , as well as finding other problems that it fixed . System Works 2004 features a `` one-button '' check of your computer that worked like magic for me . I highly recommend it if you suspect you are having Windows-related problems with your computer .
 I have had Norton Systemworks on my computer since the late '90s . True , it 's not necessary to buy the whole product new every year - simply purchasing the new subscription to live update is fine . Generally , I buy the new one every other year . That said , I updated Systemworks 2002 to Systemworks 2004 and have had none of the problems that these other reviewers are having . I think it 's a fine product and I will continue to do my every other year thing until or unless a better product comes along .
 A lot of the new features are related to the Windows XP environment . Maybe they do n't work so well under older versions . Under XP Pro I have had seamless installation , and the utilities have unscrambled many messes done with installs and uninstalls .
 I 've not had a problem installing Systemworks , but I do follow recommended steps . Plus , even if it 's not recommended , ALWAYS uninstall the old programs , like any antivirus program or previous Systemworks first . Of course , this would mean unplugging or disconnecting your `` always-on '' connection . Too much trouble for some ? One person I know complained that his antivirus program `` went nuts '' while he attempted to install Systemworks , and he finally had to reformat to fix the problems he created trying to force installation , then unistallation , etc. . . Ca n't comment on GoBack as I use MS System Restore .
 I just picked up the Systemworks and personal firewall bundle and both are working absolutely fantastic . I have yet to have any of the problems that have been mentioned in other reviews . I actually had three viruses on my computer and I had some other minor issues that systemworks cleared up and now my PC works even better than it did before .
 Multi purpose fix all , total security and peace of mind , product is perfect companion with Windows XP .
 after reading the review 's i allmost did n't buy this copy of 2004 pro. , but i 'm very glad now that i did . would have rated it 5 star 's if not for ghost being so hard to work your way from start to finish . the anti virus part is still the best and even better . ghost work 's but you may have to fix so thing 's on your computor and make a gdisk on a floppy along with your cd 's it is a 9 cd long image for my hard drive that is 11gb used space . the rebate was the fastest ever , had it back in just about a week and a half .
 Unlike some of the other reviews , I ran into no problems with installation , despite having a complicated computer setup . -LRB- Development/Gaming machine with SW2003Pro -RRB- The initial AntiVirus scan was a little slow , but I have ~ 200K files . No major changes on some of the programs , but too many of them are memory resident now , even if you tell them not to run -LRB- speed disk -RRB- . Just set them to disabled in your services . Otherwise , I have run into no stability issues at all .
 Symantec 's usual excellent antivirus and utilities . I could n't do without .
 Symantec 's usual excellent antivirus and utilities . I could n't do without .
 I 'm not a computer geek - all I want is complete protection against viruses and hackers and Norton gives me just that.Apparently most of the reviewers have experienced some problems after installing the Norton product , but since I encountered none , I have to wonder if it was the Norton software or something else . Although I have noticed that a decent amount of RAM is helpful in order to prevent Norton from slowing down your computer.I have been using Norton for the past nine years and never had any virus problems or intrusions on any of my computers . After you install Norton and you can pretty much stop worrying about viruses and hackers . Updating virus definitions is a breeze thanks to `` Live Update '' . It 's just getting better and better over the years . I can only highly recommend this software .
 Both of these have saved my computer more times than I care to count , or can count for that matter . Somehow a floppy disk of mine was messed up . After consulting my friends who tried various tricks , I remembered the Norton Disk Doctor feature and it fixed the problem like that ! * snaps fingers * Awesome , it saved me several days of redoing a school project . Worth every penny and I have recommended this several times.I see some complaints about the firewall which is suprising because that 's the best part , in my opinion . Before I got this , my dad 's computer had such bad pop-ups that the internet would freeze , my sister got a nasty virus that required that she wipe her hard drive . And I got some nasty bug that got into my start-up menu and would n't let me turn off my laptop without restarting about 5 + times . But ever since we installed the firewall , no one has had a major computer problem . In fact , the subscription is going to expire in a few weeks so I 've already bought the 2005 version as a replacement . I see no point in trying out anything else when Norton has given such excellent results for several months !
 Ive been a norton user for years and never had a problem with any of their software well this one didnt let me down its great and what else would you expect from norton . If you are in doubt about this product dont be its great and you can sleep better nights knowing your computer is in expert hands thanks again NORTON KEEP ON TRUCKING ...
 For those who have concerns about the `` activation '' , I found on Symantec 's web page the following statement about that product : `` Permits users to transfer the software to their upgraded or new PC without having to purchase a new copy of the software . `` I hope this will help to decide whether to buy it or not .
 Read the directions . Read the `` before installation '' page to prepare your computer . If you installed this in windows 95 or NT or if you did n't disable the Windows XP firewall first you need to go to control panel and add or remove programs and remove Norton Firewall 2004 . It does n't support Windows 95 or NT . Now follow the rest of the directions and include the product key . If you do n't follow the directions , do n't expect success with software .
 I have no idea who wrote the previous reviews but they 're all wrong , badly wrong!I have used Norton 's products for years and never had a problem with any of them . These people obviously have n't got a clue as to how to set up Norton Personal Firewall . It 's so easy it 's childs play!Norton have great on-line support and the one small item I queried was answered completely and to my asatisfaction.The only thing I will say is that you MUST remove all traces of the old program before installing the new one or there will be some conflict while the new product looks for traces of pirated Norton material.If at first you do n't succeed , READ THE INSTRUCTIONS !
 This software firewall is handy if you do n't have a router/hardware firewall . If you are expanding into a LAN be sure to turn off some or all of the features or your computers or they wo n't be able to find each other on the network!If you DO N'T have a router you 're just waiting for a netbot to invade your machine unless you use a tool like this .
 Unlike everyone else on Amazon.com I 've thankfully -LRB- knock on desk -RRB- only had good experiences with both Norton Personal Firewall 2004 & Noron AntiVirus 2004 . It does take PERSISTANCE to train the Firewall properly and to get comfortable with the IE security and Cookie settings , but after about 2 weeks of teaching the software its been gravy ... and I thankfully have n't had any major intrusions , file corruptions or viruses that I 'm aware of in the past 8-months . Downloading updates is seamless , I do n't have memory hog issues on my AMD 3200 + w/512 MB Ram , Windows XP SP2 and my high speed DSL connection that 's always on . I 've turned off Symantec 's Popup Blocker and configured the built in one with XP SP2 . I set IE to prompt each time a website asks to install cookies . I 've set the Firewall security setting to `` High-Block Everything Until I approve it '' . Other than that , I manage Java Applet & Active X security within IE . I did try setting these to `` Medium - ask me each time '' and it worked as well . Really , the first 2-weeks in which you visit most of your key banking , finance , news , gaming and other websites is the important period which REQUIRES PATIENCE . The trick again is teaching the firewall which sites you approve and which you do n't . According to various studies , the average internet user spends 80 % of their online time on less than 10 websites . After the first 2-weeks , its the 20 % you just have to teach yourself and other users of your computer to be smart about.If you 're not very comfortable with computers and are only a basic user of e-mail , news & regular websites ... this is a great program as long as you have a techno-savvy son/daughter , friend or colleague who can help you set it up the first time . If you 're a pretty advanced technology buff you 'll appreciate the integrated management console between all Norton Programs and will like most of the features . Overall . . it 's 4 stars in my book .
 This DVD is Windows XP compatible and a good learning tool . It has about 2500 + signs with video clips and sound clips .
 This is a specialty manual outlining coastal terminology , morphology , inlet processes , and other geological topics dealing with the coastal zone . The last chapter on field methods is now largely obsolete because it was written 20 years ago , and field instrumentation has been drastically improved since then . This manual was revised and became Part IV of the Coastal Engineering Manual.The vendor 's offer to sell the . pdf file for $ 10 is totally bogus . Anyone can download it for free from the US Army Corps of Engineers publications web page .
 Would recomend this product to all . I had a real good time looking at the art.The price was very reasonable .
 I 'm not exactly a computer expert . Actually ` computer expert ' and my name should probably not be used in the same sentence . When I decided I wanted to create an RSS feed for my website , I was prepared for a long and painful journey . I had seen FeedForAll mentioned in a few RSS forums , so I gave it a try . In less than one hour I had my RSS feed up and running !!! Programs that do EXACTLY what they should , and are SIMPLE to use are sometimes hard to find . If you need an RSS feed for your website , it just does n't get any better than FeedForAll .
 I created a podcast in just a few seconds with FeedForAll . They have a great podcasting tutorial , and information support section on their website . I was even able to use the free RSS to HTML php script to display the podcast on a website . I was really impressed with the software 's ease of use . Kudos to this group for a job really well done . I 'm very impressed .
 You 've seen RSS feeds used by big commercial websites like Yahoo , CNet , NY Times , and the BBC.If you are selling anything online , then you need to keep up with this technology . You can syndicate your feeds and get lots of publicity for your products or services.Don ' t do what I did and use one of the blog packages available online . The one I tried worked fine , but it was a complicated mess with zillions of files that left my website open to hackers too.After it crashed for the fifth time I finally took the time to learn to do it the right way.Using FeedForAll I was so pleased to have a basic understanding of the process and created my first feed in one half hour . Now I 'm kicking myself for not doing it right from the beginning.FeedForAll is a great buy . Get it today - you wo n't regret it !
 feedforall is the best marketing program I have ever had . This amazing product has made my life thousands of times easier and has made my businness able to communicate with my customers in a new unique sort of way of using a technology call RSS . RSS is a great technology and feedforall has made my company 's communication far more efficient .
 Very pleased with the detail , presentation and ease of use right out of the box . It does require somewhat of a `` techie '' background , but overall I like it . A little time consuming to create an initial feed , but once you 're done the maintenance becomes very easy . The completed RSS feed be get published right on Yahoo!s Site Explorer . Of course there is always a wish list . At the top of the list would be 1 -RRB- the ability to integrate XSL stylesheets ; 2 -RRB- generate a `` Google-style '' XML feed . Including these two items would make this a 5 star product . By the way I email 'd a question to the web site and got a very helpful and prompt response .
 Have n't used like I thought I might . I do not have enough fresh everyday content to make the most use of a rss feed . But it does work well .
 Having only learned what an RSS feed was a few weeks prior to using this software , I was amazed at how simple it was to add one to our website with FeedForAll . Now we can offer our photography specials through an RSS feed if our customers want it . I am amazed at how easy it was .
 This software really takes the guess work out of feed creation . The software will create RSS feeds in just a few minutes . It has a built in wizard and advanced users can use extensions that support things like iTunes and MediaRSS.I even created a podcast , and it only took a few moments .
 This is a great piece of software , when used with the Pharos brand GPS recievers it ca n't be beat .
 This product met all my expectation and more . I have used it to travel to several states already and it has proven to be worth the purchase . I would definitely recommend this for anyone .
 I 'm an ACT ! Certified Consultant and a QuickBooks Professional Advisor . This was a heavily requested product!Lots of business people use both ACT ! and QuickBooks , and it 's a drain on their time to type a name & address into one product , then retype it again into the other product.Installation is a snap . Then you have to go into QuickBooks/Preferences to tell it that another program can access it . Within ACT ! , a tab is automatically added for QuickBooks information . You run ACT ! first then start up QuickBooks and voila!One caveat is that you can only move one contact at a time . One client said , ` no big deal ' and moved 200 customers from ACT ! to QuickBooks . It truly was no big deal because the link actually works . Previous links which claimed to move all the data did not work.Another caveat was discovered by a client who uses QuickBooks Enterprise , a corporate product . This link will not recognize the Enterprise user privledges.This is a great solution . I use it almost daily for my own business and clients love it too .
 QUESTION !!! Does it work for toggling back and forth with QuickBooks for the Mac -LRB- OSX -RRB- Computer to Palm Pilot -LRB- Tungsten E w / software 5.0 -RRB- ? Since I have read about various compatibility issues between the Mac and PC versions of QB , I wanted to make sure ACT would work for me before I buy it sine I have a Mac . Anyone?Thanks !!!
 Colorvision STV100 Spyder TV Colormeter is a great piece of equipment.Easy to use and does the job .
 This thing is amazing . . My Panasonic Plasma is like a whole new tv . . My 60 '' Sony SXRD paired with my PS3 and stand alone Bluray player is one of the best looking picture I have ever seen , after using the STV100 of course . With the costs that contractors charge for this service this is a must have .
 I bought this puppy a few days ago and have run it a few times to get a feel for the calibration qualities of the Sensor.Now let me say that I 've tried it in a room with only modest light as well as a room with no other Ambient Light Source and both proved to be identical values so as long as it is n't broad daylight with the blinds open it is pretty reliable.Let me add that the device is a Colorimeter which is for calibrating color and it is actually very good at it ! Much better than you could eyeball regardless of who you are.So with all that said , let 's address some of the complaints , or should I say misconceptions with the device .1 st , all the Device knows are absolutes that are pre-programmed into the software and it is designed to achieve accuracy within a certain degree -LRB- often lower than .05 % Deviation -RRB- and your eyes will never be that accurate .2 nd , Skin Tones Change based on the light source used and unfortunately Hollywood knows that the lighting creates atmosphere so the skin tones will never be 100 % reliable in any movie ; So let 's take the movie `` The Guardian '' for example this movie had no less than 7 different light sources depending on the scene and this would make calibrating your screen based on skin tones as tough a target as trying to pinpoint a Democrats Morals -LRB- After all , truth is relative right ? -RRB- . In Reality Skin tones can only truly be used to judge Calibration based on a Daylight Scene and ONLY if You Know the Skin Tone To Begin With.So if you 're going to judge the devices capabilities then you should use known quantities to judge . Good sources are Whites Lines , Known Black Items and Blue Skies or use a modern Animated Feature like Finding Nemo or Shrek where light temperature is never really a factor.Now as for Brightness and Contrast , these characteristics are designed to work within a defined range as well and the Colorimeter is doing what it 's told to do ... Basically , the software measures the top value and the bottom value for each setting and then takes a few calculated readings from in between to determine range while setting the appropriate mid-point for Range . Keep in Mind , that is n't arbitrary and as such the device will not know if part of a scene is too dark , it is just trying to keep everything operating within a certain range without letting parts of the scene get blown out -LRB- the more range your TV has the better this will work but at 700:1 or 1500:1 it will require some user intervention -RRB- . My advice for setting up a TV , that is less than 2000:1 contrast ratio , with the SpyderTV is to go through the whole setup and then tweak the brightness and contrast with a THX Video Test from a Pixar Disk like Finding Nemo or using DVE for these settings.So , with all that said this device is every bit as accurate as higher priced calibration tools but does require a little bit of knowledge to operate properly within spec .
 I used the SpyderTV to calibrate my 2 yr old Panasonic plasma -LRB- which I had originally calibrated with the Avia DVD -RRB- and I thought I was watching a brand new TV when I was finished . The software is easy to use . I strongly recommend calibrating in a dark room as indicated in the manual . I does make a big difference .
 The Colorvision STV100 is a good/great colorimeter . The trick is getting the right software which unfortunately is not included with the hardware . Instead of a robust set of software tools to do a proper calibration , the Spydertv package comes with just enough software support to do a very minor and basic adjustment . However , with the use of a product called `` Color HCFR '' , which is a FREE set of software tools , one can get fantastic DIY calibration results with the Spydertv colorimeter . Just head over to http://www.homecinema-fr.com to grab what you need . I still rate this as a 4 star package due to the fact you can still get a great calibration by downloading the free software .
 I have calibrated about a dozen TVs with mine.Ambient light WILL affect the finial out come of the procedure!The only other thing is to make sure you follow the steps carefully , If you zig when you should of zaged you get to start from the beginning . John
 I used this unit to calibrate my Mitsubishi WD65732 DLP HD TV and was surprised at how good the picture looks after the adjustment . I first went through the tv manual to make sure I understood all the various adjustments the tv makes and wrote them down on a spreadsheet so I could study them and make sure I knew how the language related to the SpyderTV adjustment language . Once I did that and marked down the adjustment ranges , it was a breeze to run the software and make the adjustments . It even creates a pdf file at the conclusion for record purposes and future comparisons . Some of the adjustments for color temperature were surprising , but the bottom line is that the picture looks great !
 I am 43 years old , and I absolutely love this game ! It is n't difficult and when I showed my brother -LRB- 47 years old -RRB- he wanted to play ! I can not say enough good things about this game . I purchased one other game and regretted it ... it was made for a 4 year old and the movements , handling eveything just stunk -LRB- poor 4 year old -RRB- . But I mean it was terrible , the horse looked like he walked out of a coloring book . BUT , not this game !!! Awesome guys ... just loads of fun .
 I LOVE THIS GAME !! i 've played every horse game out there since the first barbie one , and this ranks amoung the best . it really makes you feel like you 're at a riding school . you get to pick your daily scheduele at the beginning of each week , and the game is challenging , not impossible . -LSB- most horse games are SOOOO easy and i beat them in a day or two . this one , however , was a challenge . . it took me a little over a week !! -RSB- i reccomend this to everyone !! if you ever get frusterated , just look at a cheat site . this game is so worth the money
 From what I have played of this product , I like it so far.Pluses-Nice Graphics-You get to plan your own day , so you pick what you want to do when-Actually runs on a time scale-Not super easyMinuses-Actually a little challenging-Horse care takes forever-The talk thing is hard to understandThis game installed and runs perfectly on my computer , even though I do n't have a supported video card . If you have all the other requirements , it will probably be fine . Also , sometimes you get stuck on an obstacle , and there are n't very many hints and tips online for this game .
 I am currently fourteen years old , and I bought this game back when I was 12 . This is an AMAZING game . The graphics are wonderful and the activities that you can do -LRB- Cross Country , Showjumping , Dressage , Grooming/Cleaning , Meadow , Chat , Adventure and various Quests -RRB- are very , very fun . When I first played this game , I could not put it down . This , however , is labeled as Champion Dreams First To Ride OR Horsez 1 . They are both the same game . I would recommend this game to all older children/teens -LRB- 11 yrs up -RRB- and ... anyone who loves horses like me ! :D Also , you compete in various Eventing Competitions and get to travel around the world ! : -RRB-
 I played this game with my sister and WE loved it . The riddles and sneaking and all that stuff was fun . I agree the controls are hard but the graphics are amazing and the places are aswome ! And competing is so much fun.You have to get up to 9 out of ten each week to compete in shows . I recomend this game for everyone !
 This really is a great game , and it has more good points than bood points.The Pros : - The movements on foot and on horseback are really easy to do , once you get the hang of it.-I really hope Champion Dreams becomes a series , like Let 's Ride!because this is a really great game , and maybe next time they could have a different-looking girl ! - The whole concept of the game -LRB- organizing your schedule , buying clothes online -RRB- is really modern , and the graphics are not bad , actually unique.-I feel that the challenge of mastering this game is a good one.Cons : - Dressage is really hard!This is my first horse game , but I think it 's not the best horse game for beginners , because , for example , the only way I could win the race with Kiew was to press the ESC key so Jade could get ahead -LRB- in your FACE , Kiew !!! -RRB- . - What I find ridiculous , is that most of the times , during the videos , the people say something completely different from what the captions say.I think that if you are considering buying it , you should . Good luck !!!!
 I love Champion Dreams First to Ride !! I used to be stuck on week five and eventually got expelled , but now I 'm on the last week . Here are some hints for you :1 . GO TO THE BEDROOM IT MAKES YOU VERY POPULAR ! 2 . At the last 2 competitions , it is a good idea to trot over the jumps so you do n't get any refusals.I NEED HELP WITH GETTING INTO ESTEBAN 'S ROOM !!! ANYONE WHO HAS COMPLETED THE GAME PLEASE DROP A LINE !!
 The good part is that the pictures are cool . The peaple talk and that is cool because it 's like your talking to a real person ! The downside is that the game is slow . The funny thing is that when you ride the horses butt is covering it 's head . I hope you enjoy the game but if your not sure about it ask your friends if you could borrow it !
 i love this game it is so much fun ! i do need help help on the code that you need to get into Esteban 's room what is it ? anybody Know please type me a review !
 Does anyone know how to beat the guy in the race ? I 've tried it like 20 times and I ca n't get past him . Very frustrating !
 I ca n't figure out how to find Kiew 's room ? Can anyone help me ?
 for people who are stuck with the cat / library : to get the cat away from the pool , you need to go into your room and get your cat food . i 'm pretty sure its near the cats crate.pick up the cat food , and then go into the main room where wendy the trainer is and put the food into the little bowl that is to the right of wendy , from your point of view.wendy will go over to watch the cat eat , and you can steal the library key out of her purse on the end table !! to get to the library , you go to the room that harry is in . then , go near the exit door but instead of turning right to exit , go straight and use the key to open up the door.put the books on the table in the middle of the room.then , you may need to go to spike to pick up the sandwich , or it may just automatically appear in your invetory . i kinda forget , sorry.give the sandwich to harry and walk into kiews room . you 'll get caught , and theres nothing you can do about it . you 'll lose all of your points , but you 'll gain them back . dont worry.have fun playing this game !! ITS THE BESTT !!!
 okay , i 'm @ the part where u have 2 help the cat , which i did , and then the cat 's by the pool , but how do u get the cat away from the pool ??? also , where is the library in morocco ????? spike gave me his book 2 return , but i have no idea where the library is !!!! plz help me !!!! cause i have 2 give harry the sandwich 2 get into kiew 's bedroom , but first i have 2 get the sandwich from spike , but he says i have 2 return his book first , & i 'm sooooo confused !!!!! plz help me , anyone . tell me where the library is and how 2 get u 're cat from the pool
 This game is sooo fun ! People who are stuck with how to get the dressage figures .1 : remember what figures you need to learn .2 : Go to the libary and read the dressage figures .3 : Look at the booklet the game comes with and look at what buttons you need to press.I think that is all.And people who need help to get into kiew 's room The tip i have for you is to listen to what your elsys says . But beware you will get caught and you will lose all of your tokens but you gain them back .
 I think this is a really good game and the graphics are really good compared to other horse games I have.I do n't know how to get Ginger 's gift in the attic . I keep on getting caught . I get to the part where you dial the telephone number and then i get stuck . Please help ! It 's a great game and i want to keep playing .
 I have been stuck on the part where you have to find kiews room , but i can not find the pool , or the cat i need help please i have been stuck on this part for 3 days . i can find the cat food but the cat never comes ! will someone walk me through it in great detail . it would be a huge help !!
 this is an awesome game . I love the showjumping part . DUDE where it the library , i cant get there to get Gingers present . lol im kinda slow . it is soooooo awesome i LOVE it , it has great graphics i would HIGHLY recomend it . but its kinda a copy off of Pippa Funnel 's game . & hearts ;
 This is a fantastic game with a great plot line , but it is very hard . It is almost impossible to make it to the world championships in nwe york , so do n't even try . you ca n't do it no matter how good you are . But it was really fun :-RRB- -LRB- I did n't even get past the chapionship .
 This game has its good and bad aspects . But , just to put it out there , I would not recommend this game for little kids.Good Aspects : Fair Graphics - The horse needs work because it has very ackward movements , but the people and surrounds are great.Good Story Line - The story line keeps you into the game longer then most horse games I have played -LRB- and trust me , I 've tried maybe 99 % of them -RRB- . Design your own Training Schedule - You have certain goals to acheive before the end of the week , but otherwise you can do what you want , when you want to.Realistic Gameplay - Grooming , bathing , hoof cleaning , stall cleaning , turn-out , dressage , show jumping , cross country , trail rides , etc.Bad Aspects : Too Challenging of game obstacles - After about an hour of trying on some , I gave up and had to go onto cheat sites in order to figure out some of the obstacles -RRB- The main character talks to herself -LRB- or has an imaginary friend ? -RRB- - Okay , I had to throw this in , because it 's just a bad idea on the part of the designer to tell you what to do in the game . It 's just plain strange.Some of the `` Horse Care '' tasks take WAY TOO LONG - Hoof cleaning and stall cleaning take way too long . Sometimes you ca n't even get the hoof pick to get that certain piece of dirt without touching the frog -LRB- V-shaped area of the foot -RRB- . Or you ca n't pick up the straw and manure pieces without trying multiple times -LRB- I feel like the arm on those stuffed animal toys at the arcade -RRB- . In addition , the hose in the bathing option does not spray correctly . I have to aim lower then it looks in order to his the rump for example.What 's with the `` Talk '' ? - The `` talk '' options -LRB- after passing the first competition -RRB- is all messed up . First of all , I ca n't hear whether a horse is whinnying or puffing , etc. . Second , it 's too much for a hassle to have to write all these things down in order to get them even remotely correct , and I still sometimes get them wrong . Third , way too many of them are too close to each other to figure out the difference . It was an interesting idea , but needed to be designed better.Important things get screwed up - The first time I played the scenario , my collected canter would not work no matter what I did , so I would always get points off . Now , on my second time through , my collected canter works , but my horse continues to turn left randomly , even when I 'm not pressing the key -LRB- although I prefer this one over the first because this one I can expect and correct -RRB- . I probably have more aspects , but I 've written too much already . Overall , I do n't want the bad aspects to get you down about this game . It is good , but only if you do n't mind the difficult things and do n't fret about having to look up some cheats if you get frustracted on the scenario obstacles .
 This game is very close to being my favorite . Next to equestriad . I think it is very correct it 's horses movements except for the lead no game can grasp the concept of this . I really like all the competions it 's not all about cleaning your horse and I like the Idea of making my own schedule . Think is great . I love the dressage part on some games they only do some of the movements this one does all.I would suggest this to anyone that is a kid at heart it 's a little hard for younger kids to play .
 Wonderful wonderful game.-User friendly , good for adults & mature kids-Great mystery , very well thought out-4 Teammates you interact with and get to know-Many many courses , always new ones-You plan your own schedule for when to practice , care for your horse , etc.-You must go to the library to do research , learn dressage moves , and understand your horses needs-Long game , but lots of variety , never monotonousBest game of this style that I 've seen .
 I bought this game sometime last year and I love it . The graphics are farly good the only thing is sometimes the sound gets cut of from the hoofbeats when your praticing , but it 's a problem thats easily fixed . When I first started the game it was really hard getting the required movements and I went through most of the game without having them because I did n't know you had to go to the library and read about them to get them . It 's is a pretty easy to play once you get the hang of it . I suggest that before you go into Kiew 's room in Morroco , you find your bedroom first and spend as much of your tokens as possible , because the Director is going to take them away . And in week five find some time to go into your bedroom and buy as much as your tokens will allow and you should have enough popularity to get to the competion . There are still a few things I do n't get like talking to your horse . I 've written all the notes down and I still do n't get it all right . And when your chasing the guy on the motorcycle how are you supposed to catch him ? But still this game is fun to play , but it does take a couple of different logs to actually master it .
 This game is definatley one of the better created horse games . The graphics are fantastic and the riding is realistic . The game can be a little challenging at some points in the game and the dressage takes a little getting used to but other than that it is a great game . I was very happy with Champion Dreams and would reccoment it over the other horse games out there .
 This is the best horse game ever . Some parts are very hard though , here are some hints . . When you have to find Ginger 's present in the attic , take the chess piece and the phone number , then you 'll find that the library is locked , so go down the stairs and you 'll be outside . Go to the front building and go inside . Once your inside get the key on the table.Then go back inside and go in the library . Patrick will give you the key to the attic . Then go to your room and use the phone with the phone number that you got.Then go up the stairs to the attic . Once you 've got the present follow Harry down the hall to the student center . . When you have to race Kiew , press the esc key.Hope that helped .
 OK heres a hint for getting Ginger 's present
 To find Ginger 's present you have to :1 . go to the chess board that th lookouts are playing at and steal a chess piece2 . go to the phone and get the phone nummber3 . go through the hallway towards the library , but then go down the stairs where the stables are located4 . follow the path , going under the bridge , to a door on your left5 . pick up the key on the table6 . go back to the library the man there will give you a key to the attic7 . go into your room and call the number you got by the 1st chess board you will find it in your inventory8 . go up the stairs , and then into the attic , find the present9 . wait untill the lookout turns around and follow him out and go into the lounge room . -LRB- by the way , the lookout does n't go all the way to the end of the hallway -RRB-
 I just got this game about a week ago and i love it so much , but i ca n't find the cat in morroco . I have tryed for 5 days and still nothing . I need help , if i do n't get threw this part my cusin will take the game with her to Bosie ID . I NEED HELP please re-post help .
 This is the first game in a 3 part Story line that spans all 3 PC Games . # 1
 I 'm a big horse fan and ride and show . I love all the mystery/adventure horse games . I have beat Saddle Up with Pippa Funnel , and Saddle Up Time to Ride . I have also played Lucinda Greens Equestrian Challenge ... and many others . I have read most of the reviews ! Is this game good ? Should I get this ? I love good graphics and great story lines ... If you have any suggestions please tell me !
 HELP !! i ca n't get my horse to do an extended or collected canter ! -LRB- but i can do it at the trot . -RRB- i also ca n't get him to do pirouttes or passages !! i 've tried switching around the controls , but it does n't make a differenece . its the same way in training mode . . the game rocks other than this , but i really need help !! please repost what to do .
 This is a great game ! The horses are beautiful , and it has great graphics ! I do not tend to like games by this company , but this one was fantastic ! A big must-have for horse lovers !
 I do n't know how to do extended or collected stuff at any gait and I do n't feel like doing the horse care and starting a new game to learn how please tell me quick otherwise I love this game !!??!?!!?
 I LOVE this game , but annyway , I have 4 accounts on this game because I keep failing week five !! for some reason I ca n't get my popularity high anough , or any of the other events except one . The rest is easy , an I want to finnish the game ! PLEASE ! ANYONE WHO FINISHED THIS GAME OR FINISHED WEEK 5 PLEASE HELP!that will be all .
 This is an excellent game that I can play for hours on end . Once you think that you can just train your horse and play around , something happens that is totally unexpected . I got this for Christmas 2005 and I still enjoy playing it unlike some of the other games.I would choose this one over Horsez any day because this one is a little more realistic and it 's more fun -LRB- I think ! -RRB-
 I love this game but i 'm stuck at the part were you have to go into kiew 's room . I know where the cat food is but where is the pool the cat is by ? Please help me !!!!!!
 When you go to the US to compete you have to learn extended trot , etc. as your new dressage movements . Whenever i pressed the key that coordenated with that move it did n't work in the competetition -LRB- same thing happened with the collected movements -RRB- . I 've tried changing the keys just to see what happened and you guessed it nothing changed . But the funny thing is I went to the training mode on the main menu and i completed all of the moves correctley and i was stunned . Can someone please tell me why in one part of the game the keys wo n't work and another it will ???
 WE FINALLY GOT IT !!! I know how you feel , here 's the steps , the order is IMPORTANT ! ~ go get chess piece , and get number ~ go to library , then go down the stairs next to it , go straight do n't turn right outside , then keep going , eventually turning left and go under a bridge , there 's a black door , key is inside ~ go back to library , dude inside will give ya key because he rocks ~ go back to your room -LRB- carefully sneak past the guys next to ur room , yes it is possible i promise -RRB- ~ call the number and then go up the stairs that the guys used to be next to and get into attic and get present ~ then go back toward to lounge *** ok , now Harry will be walking back and forth in the hallway on the way back to the lounge . wait until he turns away from you and follow directly behind him -LRB- why he does n't hear u i 'll never know -RRB- and then when he turns down the other hallway opposite the lounge , run like heck toward the lounge and get inside.P.S . SAVE GAME BEFORE YOU DO THIS !!! save whenever when ur in the schedule menu thingy actuallySo yeah , she 's better be happy with her stupid present because it was HARDLY worth this . Oh well , fun game anyways ! if ur still completely lost , email me at pocopony2003@yahoo.comGood luck !
 To the person needing help getting past getting the present . First go get the chess piece and phone number . Phone number first . Then go to the ofice past that lil bridge thing to get the librar key . Then go to your room and use the phone number . Then go up the stairs to the attic . Next you have to get past Harry , so goo quickly!I love this game !
 I loved the game , it was fun , full of challenges . The stadium jumping ishard , and the dressage is hard . But the game makes you feel like you are a student at a riding school . And you are getting to do all the competitions . It was super.I do have a question , you get to the end and have won . How do you delete the game out , so you can start over . Anyone finish it , and start over ? Help please ... Vicky
 I need help on this game . I 'm stuck when you have to get ginger 's birthday prestent for this guy.can any one help me ???????
 I just got this game and I just started it and the fire struck the barn and first I 'm told to stay but then I 'm told to save the horse . I decided to save the horse but now I 'm stuck I ca n't go anywhere and the barn is burning up ! HELP !!!!!!!!!
 I need help i just started the morroco the cat i mean just at the begging and i ca n't find the cat , i need help with the game please i need help i want to keep playing the game .
 Definitely an excellent product . Lives up to the standards of LIVING BOOKS . Very entertaining and interactive . My children love it .
 Here 's the skinny ... If you want to just cut family videos and such . Stick with Imovie HD or Final Cut Express . They are enough for most amateur users . They give you what you need and with excellent quality . Final Cut Studio is ABSOLUTELY made for professional users . Without a great deal of experience , IT 'S HARD to learn . You need a background in things like proc amp settings , 3:2 Pulldown techniques , color adjustments using waveform and vectorscopes , etc , to make any fast headway with Final Cut Studio . And to the fella who said some nonsense about 12-bit audio ... you 're just wrong.If you 're brave enough and have enough time , go on buy it ! At 1299.00 List it 's a bargain for what it includes . I mean come on , fully NATIVE HD video editing for under $ 10,000 ?? Unheard of . NONE of the other majors , as of this writing support truly NATIVE HD editing . They all have to transcode and recompoile , which degrades the image.Final Cut Studio has a full compliment of PROFESSIONAL features . When used well a PRO can create stunning HD video in beatiful detail . Some one with Less experience in video production can creat nice looking stuff , but not without a lot of heartache and hair pulling . As I said , IT 'S HARD to learn without some prior background.Cut it Right!BTWicked Video
 Great product , strong learning curve , good support . DVD Studio Pro4the authoring system is by far the most difficult aspect to grasp inthe bundle . I wish that Apple would have directed a little more attentionto walking you through actually using it rather than explaining the powersof the universe . Now I 'm going to have to contact them and take them upon their over eager support team . The 683 page manual for the authoringsystem is well worth having around for explaining things Popular Mechanicprobably never thought of , and also for serious laughter . Do n't get mewrong I love the book it explains everything you could ever need to knowabout authoring , but I have yet to come across the part that explains howto use their program . Great product I am very happy with it !
 I hated it at first , thought it was way to confusing , maybe because I 'm new to mac as well . But , now that I 'm starting to get use to it after 3 months , WoW ! It can do lots of stuff . I 'm using it to spice up home movies , it 's probably a bit much for such use . Just beware , it has a steep learning curve at first . If I had n't paid so much , I would have gone back to my Pinnacle 10 . You definitely need to invest in how to videos.Dan
 Excellent program bundle . Motion alone is worth the price of the package ! I use this professionally and it makes it a pleasure to get shorts and even quick web presentations easy !
 That 's right . Studio 5.1 offers the best digital video editing software on the market . Typical Apple , the applications are almost intuitive and easily understood -LRB- the basics , anyway -RRB- . This suite is n't for the novice who thinks he 'll turn his home movies into Cannes-worthy shorts . Sorry . Final Cut does n't do magic . But it DOES give you the professional tools used in Hollywood.Yes , Adobe 's After Effects is just as wonderful to use as Final Cut , but Final Cut offers something Adobe ca n't
 Was exactly as stated and everything is working well . Needed the item immediately and received within days of the order .
 Really appreciated this seller and his willingness to go above and beyond when I had some installation challenges with my new Mac . Great !
 Grandkids love these games , and I like them too . Makes them use their problem-solving skills without realizing they 're learning .
 We love this game ! Has been with us since 1999 , sadly the CD broke . I 'm getting it again , and with Mac and PC version it 's definitely worth it because we have both computer systems.It 's a great game and it 's very educational for little children , it teaches good ethics , and how helping out is always benefitial ; even when you do n't get results right away !
 We bought all of these Freddi Fish games for our son . They are just adorable . Freddi Fish and his friend Rufus swim around the ocean collecting shells and buying things to make contraptions or to trade for other items . They look for clues and they solve mysteries.This set of games encourages creative problem solving , thinking skills , reasoning and more . It is directed , I believe , to a child that can use the mouse and is about 6 or 7 years old.These are not expensive and as one reviewer mentioned , they may not work on newer window versions because these have been around for some time . However , if you have a young child that likes solving problems , this is a great program and well worth the price.Enjoy .
 I bought this for my new daughter since my boys loved playing it years ago . It works wonderfully on XP Pro so if I ever get 7 running I will come back and let you know how it works . Great game , thanks .
 Great for children over 6 . Can be challenging so I sat with my 4 year old and gave him hints while he controlled the mouse .
 Great OS , classic but , heck I 'm still using it.IMO It 's the last one you 'll ever need.Long live Horseboy ... But Cuba ...
 This is the standard Microsoft issued full CD-ROM and It 's done everything I 've expected from Win-95 .
 I use this on my old computer to play the older DOS based games . I prefer these games over the newer ones .
 The main reason i had tracked down windows 95 again was to play necrodome , and other win95 titles on the actual os again for nostalgic purposes . Though you can technically install this on nearly any computer , especially emulated environments nowadays , the hardware from today is alien and literally from the future to this os , you may or may not have a hard time finding appropriate drivers to use with your current software . Some fixes exist to address this , but the only video driver fix i know of renders directx inoperable , and only by making it fail the direct draw test . so close , and yet so far . With vintage hardware and drivers , this would be flawless . A cautionary tale if you like me intend to use modern hardware with win 95 for gaming purposes .
 This is one of the best windows that Microsoft has . I bought this for my husband to use his emulator to where he can play his games and build them to where he do n't have to play online all the time . It 's free and this is the one way that we were able to do it . He can use this even with Microsoft XP or 7 . He has it programed to where he can use it even with those being our main running programs . I 'm very thankful for this too , as he was lost without his games that he grew up with . Plus , it do n't interrupt with our other running programs . Certainly a 2 thumbs up still after all of these years .
 Doom comes out soon so I 'm building a killer gaming rig with 75MHz CPU and 256MB of blazing fast RAM ! This is going to be the perfect operating system for my new gaming rig ! I was n't sure it was out yet !
 I ca n't believe I 've waited so long to upgrade my operating system from Windows 3.1 . Windows 95 is so amazing I should have done this 10 years ago ! My Packard Bell with 75Mhz Pentium processor runs Windows 95 just fine . I reinstalled Netscape Navigator so I could surf the web and write this review without using Internet Explorer . The best part is I can rename all my folders with long file names !
 I ca n't wait for Diablo to come out ! This OS will help me get acquainted to upgrading DOS , and will definitely help me get acquainted with Blackwater
 I still have original windows 95 CD -LRB- and it says with USB support -RRB- . It 's amazing USB has been around for nearly 20 years and in version 3.0 . These will be part of history when we look back in 50 years . If you are a collector , get them if you do n't have . Still have a laptop from mid 90s running Windows 95 ! Windows 95 when released was a big step forward for those who have not experienced Mac . Solaris/DEC Alpha were already way better but very pricey .
 Welcome to the Cloud ... I can not wait for Chip ! Hope it Ships with a 02 absorber Do n't want my Copy to be Stale ...
 Do n't waste your money on that new fangled Windows 7 , take a trip down computer memory lane , and use the original cloud OS ! Plus , this apparently comes with a marshmallow man with a picture of a cat on his chest .
 This is definitely a step up from my abacus . I was lucky enough to be one of the first 10 buyers that got it signed personally by Bill Gates and John Stamos .
 Those peaceful clouds remind me of the skys over my native Bonearth . It reminds me of my youth , sitting on the hills , and singing along to the anthem .
 Please just hear me out on this one . This is a great OS . And if you want it , you do n't have to buy it if you have any Windows OS greater than this -LRB- Please read the rest -RRB- . All you got ta do is go deep into the bouwels of your pc and , for example , if you have Vista , You should find all the OS 's from the original Windows to Vista . If you do n't know how to do this , go on Youtube and you should be able to find a vid showing you how to do this . I hope this review helps !
 I have enjoyed playing Ultima 7 for a long time now and wonder if this is compatible with Ultima 7 . I have heard there are issues and I might go with Mac System 7 instead.I heard this version will work in every country but Cuba .
 The packaging heralded the age of cloud computing ... all the way back in 1995 . Still a viable upgrade from Windows Vista . Get it now before it becomes out of date !
 I was originally considering purchasing Windows 7 to upgrade my Vista machine , but then I saw that they had Windows 95 . For those of you who do n't understand basic math , that 's over 10 times better ! At only $ 10 , it 's also a lot cheaper than Windows 7 . But Cuba that 's a great deal ! It even comes with a really good blue-themed screen saver , but for some reason I ca n't seem to control when it turns on .
 Win95 was a revolution when it came out but now it 's dated , but ... If you need to use a series of upgrades to clean install a newer OS you will need this disk -LRB- s -RRB- . For example I have a machine that 's an upgrade originally starting with Win1.In 1994-95 I beta tested and chose to do a from scratch install of Win95 full.Subsequently someone stole my Win95 disk therefore the replacement.When upgrading to Win7 I chose to do another from scratch install , but to use the Win7 pro upgrade I had to have the disks from each upgrade -LRB- Vista , Xp , Win98 -RRB- and the Win95 full.It was worth the hassle due to the price I got Win7 at .
 I was cloud computing before cloud computing was cool ! If only I had n't hooked up with JuRY 's mom , I could have upgraded to 98 !
 Need to play Diablo ? Then grab you some Windows 95 before its too late . BetterNet gives it a 5 out of 5 .
 I just put this on my new Macbook Air , it significantly increased the speed !!!! ITS LIGHTNING FAST NOW !!! I also used my new Windows 95 to digitally purchase the album Black Water . Technology ! Wow !!
 If there was every an operating deserving of a standing belly clap , it 's Windows 95 . You ready for Diablo ? You need an operating system that 's ready for the cloud ? Windows 95 ! Problem z0lved !
 The tutorial works reasonably well , but would have been more useful if a `` help '' function had been included . Scrolling through the table of contents was a bit clumsy . Overall , however it contained thorough coverage of the software .
 Susan Polgar is a genius of chess . This DVD is nothing but practical , with each chapter giving a powerful tool . The tactics may be well-known , but they are demonstrated and explained in such a way that all but the most experienced should get something out of it to improve their game . One to watch again and again .
 I did n't know what to expect with this DVD . I must say that I 'm very happy with it . My son is glued to this DVD . It helped him a lot . A lot of details are discussed and she explained in a very clear and precise way .
 Very enjoyable DVD . Excellent instruction on chess planning . Easy to understand . Obviously there are some people who ca n't stand the fact that women like Polgar and Shahade are better than them so they go around writing bogus bad 1 star review . This is the highest quality chess DVD on the market .
 I like this DVD.It 's entertaining and educational.I also like the very high recording quality.It 's enjoyable.It also has a good price .
 I 'm very impressed with this chess DVD series . The quality is excellent . The contents are dynamic . It 's the most professionally done chess DVD ever . Very good value for your money .
 The last reviewer wrote the dumbest thing . There 're free info about medical issues online . Then why do people go to the doctors ? Of course everything in every chess book or DVD can be obtained elsewhere for free . But the point of having a GM explaining in details is what people pay for . This is the same reason why people pay to take chess lessons with GMs . There 're are millions of chess players who see the same position but do n't understand it . This is where videos like this come in . Ms. Polgar goes through all the details and explain everything in a very easy to understand manner . Many beginners do n't see winning tactics . In this video , Ms. Polgar explained ways to learn the patterns of chess and tactics . No one has ever done this before . This is not for advanced players . It 's for beginners and novice players . The quality of the video is fantastic .
 I bought these DVDs for my 3 kids who are rated between 600 - 1200 . They are glued to them and have learned a lot from the series . I also enjoy these DVDs as well . I ca n't wait for the next volume .
 Well done , simple to understand , very good quality . Roman 's series ' too advance . Other series look like they were filmed in someone 's basement . This is the best by far . The kids must have watched this series 50 times already . I ca n't wait for the next volume .
 This is simply the best chess instructional DVD series ever ! It is worth every penny ! GM Polgar is a fantastic teacher and player . I highly recommend this DVD series .
 Running on OSX 10.4.11 this old version of Toast grabbed the Lightscribe DVD recorder in my new HP Photosmart 8180 and wrote a good title image first try with DiscLabel . It also uses my old USB Aopen DUW1616/ARR with no issues.It just works .
 I wish i could `` toast '' my dvd movies to keep backup of them , otherwise is just ok , easy to use
 After using Toast for a few months , I have found it to be everything that I needed and more.Converts and burns tracks on the fly , in other words , takes an MP3 track and burns it as an audio CD for my car player that DOES N'T play MP3 's . Burned many DVD movies with it , works perfectly .
 I was a little leary about purchasing this product , having never tried anything like it before and being fairly new to the computer world . I was delighted to find how easily the Toast 8 system worked for me . The owner 's manual is VERY specific , and while I am still discovering all the capabilities of this software , I have found it to be extremely useful . I recommend this product very highly .
 Easy to use and does a neat job . Especially appreciated is the ability to create 40 + hour DVDs containing iTunes music tracks . The only drawback is that the program will not allow songs purchased and downloaded from the iTunes music store to be recorded on DVDs . This can be a significant drawback for some users .
 Bought this primarily for my TIVO set , so I could transfer and burn DVD 's from my TIVO box . Once I hooked up my mac G5 to the TIVO box , Toast worked perfectly . Easy interface , fast transfer , easy to burn . It 's nice to know that TIVO supports Mac . A great product !!!
 I bought this as a gift for my dad . I guess he liked it so I 'll give it a good review.Honestly , I only bought it because he was afraid to download it from the internet for free . He never listens when I have an idea ...
 I purchased toast for the Tivo to go transfer capabitity . I have not used it too much yet for burning disks , but It is working great for transfers . I am able to re encode and transfer to my ipod touch . Is has saved me a great deal of money on TV episode , and gives me something to watch every day at lunch . Well worth the price if you have an iPod or iPhone .
 I had been looking for a dvd/cd burning program with excellent video capabilities and I found this and more with `` Roxio Toast 8 Titanium '' -LRB- Mac -RRB- . Its very easy to use and even come with a manual should you need the help.The program allows you to burn cds and dvds , even in blu-ray . I 'm very happywith it and it 's a great addition to my apple.Jose Flores
 I have tried all the freeware and shareware DVD / CD burners , as well as Apple 's , and Toast is worth every penny . As mac friendly as can be , and thoughtfully engineered .
 My last version of Toast was 6 . I found many more useful features in Toast 8 ; ... too many to list here . Just go to the Roxio web site for a list of all the new features . It is totally Mac OS X and Mac Intel Core compatible as well . I am extremely pleased with ths new , easy to use version with so many great features including seamless ` EyeTV recording , etc. , etc. . !
 Easy to use , easy to learn software . Has worked flawlessly for me so far .
 Toast 8 is a great way to put your files on a CD . You simply drag in the files or even folders and click burn . I really like how it tells you how much time is remaining until the cd is finished and how easy it is to use . This is the best way to burn a CD .
 This new version is a major improvement on earlier ones . Easy to use and reliable .
 This is the best cd writing software I 've ever used . The only problem is that if you update , you need to re-add tivo to it . I mainly use this for watching shows on my mac that I 've recorded from Tivo , so that 's the only reason I gave it 4 stars . Otherwise , it 's straightforward , the menus are clear , and what 's burned can be read by all my other devices . You 'd think that last one would n't be a problem these days , but I still have that problem . Toast has become my primary and only burning software , and move files over my network to do so .
 I bought this so I could convert and access my TiVo shows on my Apple . The one issue I have with the TiVo Transfer application is that I ca n't stream shows from my TiVo DVR . I have to transfer them to my hard drive first . Some of my programs are 5 gig and the process takes about 4 hours on my wireless network . Over all , though , it integrates nicely . I was able to tranfer a program of Family Guy , convert it to mpg4 and then load it onto my iPod . Pretty fun !
 I might have given this five stars , but have n't had time to test all its components . The primary feature I bought it for -- TiVoToGo for Mac -- works as promised , though . It does what it 's supposed to do -LRB- and , I imagine , a lot simpler than TiVo 's Windows version -RRB- , although do n't expect to transfer a movie to to DVD in an hour . For me to move a two-hour movie to my Mac took about two hours itself , and burning it to a DVD took three to four hours . -LRB- But then , I only have an 800 Mhz Power Mac G4 , not exactly a speed demon in this day and age . -RRB- Once it finished , however , the final product was as good as could be expected for a bad print of a 1942 film recorded off of cable . I was skeptical , but the DVD played fine -LRB- and with no loss of quality -RRB- in my 6-year-old Sony DVD player . In other words , it looked just as good as it would have looked viewing it from TiVo 's hard drive -- only now it does n't take up precious drive space .
